Just another feeling.
I'll tell you about this in a later blog, it gets worse. For now all I'll say is be prepared to rough it as a runner.
He did have a little bump and a good little cut - right at the back and top part of his head.
Reading in dim light is supposed to be bad for you, which is somewhat evidenced by a surviving bedside lamp and book light industry. If not, you've certainly been told to turn on a light when reading in the near-dark. While reading without sufficient lighting can cause eye
Baldrick: "What I want to know sir is before there was a Euro there were lots of different types of money that different people used. And now there's only one type of money that the foreign people use. And what I want to know is, how did we get from one state of affairs to the other state of affairs"
So, today we went and got some birthday pictures made of the girls. I just took the cheap route, with JC Penny. It is always so challenging to get a good picutre of them. I really hope to get my friend to photograph them before we leave, maybe in the Spring. Anyway, we got a couple of good ones. Carolina turned out to be the harder one, because almost all of hers were fake smiles. So, then she wanted sausage and eggs, so we headed to Cracker Barrell. Then we went to Classroom Corner and got a few "learning" things. I got her some lined paper to help in practicing her writing and some dot-to-dot books, she loves! On the way home you could see the sky forever and the clouds were so interesting against a bright blue. I told Lina to look how big God must be to such a huge sky. She said , yes, He must be that big, then she said "those clouds are so rowdy!" I'm not sure where she came up with that one.
Just for today I will put my family into God's hands for safe keeping. He can sort out all of these details in ways I can't even imagine.
09. Petit Kid Everett
Calmly waiting - that's how I feel most days about this PG. Happy
I competed my first trade with Craig2 over on the SCF hockey boards. He posted a bunch of cards he was looking to move, and one caught my eye. I requested a price and a scan, and though he couldn't provide a scan at that time, he informed me the card featured a patch piece nicer than similar ones found on eBay. He said he'd send it my way and I could just send him $5 or so later on.
Rather than a laundry list of legislation that Americans want repealed, suffice it to say that his major legislative initiatives are widely regarded as weakening the economy while growing the government. In this he has been abetted by the Speaker of the House and the Senate Majority Leader, along with brain-dead Democrats in Congress who clearly did not bother to read the bills before voting on them.
Minutes later the cycle was finished, and Hannah quickly loaded the basket with the heavy wet laundry and made her way up the steps and out to the clothesline.
A couple of nights ago Wesley and I sat down and read this book together. He was able to read a good chunk of it himself and seem to really enjoy it. Its based on the children's song "Five Little Ducks" excepts these cute little bunnies keep hopping away one at a time. The CD that is included in a slip pocket on the inside of the front cover contains the story read out loud by a narrator as well as 19 children's songs like
If one considers that the broadcasting rights of the IPL (Indian Premier League) were sold for US$ 1.026 billion and the brand is reportedly valued at US$ 4.13 billion, this may have been an error in judgement by ProBatter, unless of course the bowling application was never foreseen. (Note: the above figures may be based on the opinion of Mr Lalit Modi, in which can a certain tolerance may need to be applied)
Thank you Mom for never saying I told you so, even when you should have.
1/2 cup half-and-half
This was done on the fly, made as one of 12 original pages for a documentation book of a cd swap. (It was #3.) The photograph is one of my signature old photographs; it always makes me smile. and I love how well it works in the spontaneous structure of the page.
I'm certain that I will carry on with this series. I can't wait to read Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy! You can't help but adore the titles of the books too! Ally Carter is an author that you simply can't miss. You go Ally Carter!
In doing so, they have learned another unintended fact. They know that millions of other people share their commitment to various ideals and causes. They now know they are not alone. They understand they have strength in numbers.
I doubt that.
Of the days long forgotten
The reality is that any nation that has a doctrine, which deals comprehensively with the universe, man and life, must be a nation with the need to spread this doctrine. Islam is not simply a doctrine of thoughts and ideas. Islam is also a practical system and way of life. Faith in Islam is not based only on its thoughts and concepts. A Muslim must also have belief in its actual implementation as a comprehensive way of life. Belief in this must then be followed by action.
This is so much of a staple that we also see South Bucks District Council adopting it, extending the charging period for its car parks and increasing the minimum charge from half an hour to an hour.
our heart
This is an early favourite of mine
Young Frankenstein: Only Mel Brooks and Gene Wilder could come up with something this funny! Obviously this is another favorite, but it needed to be watched for the holiday. SO hilarious! It's a classic!
Broccoli)
from dawn to dusk till nightfall repeatedly
Romans 13:8-Let no debt remain outstanding, except the continuing debt to love one another, for whoever loves others has fulfilled the law.
They both turned off their headlights when I got to the end of the first field. The moon gave me just enough light to see the remaining corn stalks I had to jump.
We found our way to the pump house, where the Roman Baths are.
- Hall & Oates, The Roots, Holy Ghost! Preservation Hall Jazz Band to play at Brooklyn's GoogaMooga Festival. Carroll Gardens Patch
The deadline to apply is 11:59 pm PST, May 1st, 2011. Applicants will be notified by May 3rd, 2011 via email. Should the applicant need to create a project using one of our images for further consideration, we will let you know that once we receive your project samples.
and for a moment she wavered.
1/3 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro (optional)
The first issue of a brand new journal published by Mohr Siebeck entitled Hebrew Bible and Ancient Israel is available for public access here. Here is the TOC:
First, line a 9 x 12 pan with wax or parchment paper, and brush the bottom and sides with vegetable oil. Set it aside.
A serving of fruit and a whole grain. Why this dessert could be considered a health food!
Roles are reversed from a traditional tower-defense standpoint, with the aliens defending and the player and his or her team trying to survive the onslaught and delve deeper into the wreckage. Hence, why it is called tower offense.
The first two images are my creations using a combination of my photography and digital files from my shop. The sky is the limit...only your imagination limits what you can do with these you print digital files. They are all copyright free and can be altered and cropped to suit your project.
When we first moved in, I worked on Ella's room. It is a much bigger space than her old room so I needed to go to Level 1. I headed straight to Jo-ann's to do so. The home section there is very small, but you can get some neat finds on the cheap. I also knew that Ella's room had a garden fairy vibe so I hit the outdoor and spring section of Jo-ann's. Outdoor garden items make for adorable decorations. Here are some of the details:
Then add your dry ingredients one at a time, mixing in between each one: sugar, brown sugar, baking soda, xanthan gum, salt and then the flour. Mix the dry ingredients in really well.
When I moved to do my Masters degree in London, I even had access to the British Library - a grand institution that doesn't lend books per se, but rather offers them to people for research purposes on its premises. Why I went there was not necessarily because I needed the books, but because the environment made it easier for me to write my papers. There is something about the subtle tension and quietness of libraries that makes me work better - where you know that people are meant to remain quiet, but at the same time, you know that everyone's brain is at work... whether it be reading, wondering, thinking, pondering... who knows? Fact is, they do.
Place back in oven for an additional 5 minutes, just to melt cheese. Veggies will still be crisp and not over cooked. If you like veggies cooked more then you will want to roast separately while crust is roasting. Pizza on right is the kids cheese pizza.
The lethal injection of Beunka Adams, 29, was carried out less than three hours after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected a last-day appeal to postpone the punishment, the fifth this year in Texas.
to the estuary of
Racked: 11-30-2007
Bathroom Mirror Cabinets
ginger - 1tsp grated
Just kidding. It's called River Country. Disney opened a water park called River Country in 1976. It closed in 2001 and then permanently closed in 2005. It had rides, a lake, a kiddie pool, and it was on Bay Lake near the Contemporary Resort and Fort Wilderness. It was meant to resemble an old-fashioned swimming hole. Here's the weird thing though:
Ta Ta for Now!
I become a better person.
WHAT IS THE EMERGING CHURCH?
To be honest, I am very sad. This will probably shock my many LGBT friends and relatives because, I trust, you always have found (and I promise always will find) me to be unconditionally accepting of you. I love you as much as I did. I love you unconditionally. However, I also love the Lord.
I couldn't see the look on my face, but even I was terrified by me. At one point, Andy and I were walking upstairs to get a shuttle and had to go through a one person door. A woman cut me off by throwing her stupid fugly ass in the doorway without saying excuse me or apologizing and I finally let out a "Seriously? SERIOUSLY?!" at her before launching into the most cuss-filled rant I think I've ever made.
High priests of wisdom, sweetness, might, and bliss,
Pleased with all our efforts, she blesses us with long life, good health, wealth, success of our families, sons and grandsons, our chosen wishes, dharma, artha, kama and moksha.
I asked the staff if they were going to do this on a regular basis, and they said they thought perhaps every other year. They'd had a lot of positive feedback, and I'm not surprised. There were several tables of books, and quite a variety of subjects, ranging from classical Greek art, through the Renaissance, to contemporary art, from paintings to glass to architecture, monographs and catalogues -- something for everyone!
grated Parmesan, for garnish
I am hoping to let you guys (I am imagining that there will be some of you at some point) get to know me a little. I am hoping that my personal trials and journeys can offer some inspiration to help others overcome their own obstacles. I think this will be a cathartic process for me too, sharing my thoughts and daily updates online is daunting and exciting.
Lesson #2: If your sample could be the beginning of any story ever, it's not The Best Thing.
To be fair - to myself, and to everyone else out there trying to conceive - we have only been trying for 7 weeks, or two cycles ( the first of which, having come off the pill, i dont think i ovulated anyway ). So its not like we've been trying forever, or are even anywhere near thinking about fertility tests in the like.... its just that i so badly want a baby like RIGHT THIS VERY MINUTE and had my fingers crossed that it would all happen in an instant . ( You know, like it did last time, when i missed two days worth of the Pill and miraculously fell pregnant.) But it hasnt and i know, in my head, that it very rarely does happen like that.
I intend to get a little more motivated once we start selling the house, but for now I am enjoying this parcel of time I have left in this house to smell the roses. Actually I don't have any roses, but I do have hundreds of plants coming up in my garden that I thought had died. Yes, they chose this year to come up! They must be bidding me farewell. Or just sticking their tongues out at me for not taking care of them when I was here. I will have to do a little pruning because it has got out of hand with all their rage.
*We got a job in Brigham City, which led to the selling of our townhouse in Omaha, and moving back "home".
523900 Other financial investment activities (including investment advice)
Bag of Surprises
And then I heard the father talk.
Suppose some guy you like starts messaging you.
P.S. I listened to my professors lecture on my recorder hooked up the stereo in the car all the way to the movie theater to make up for the time spent watching the movie. My daughter and her boyfriend got to learn about asthma medications. LOL.
A bird at hand is certainly worth two in the bush.
Chief of Defence Staff General Sir David Richards said he was "deeply saddened" by the news.
1) The two Seals are Egyptian and Luciferian
Once upon a time there were two little boys, Matteo and Nico. Oh, how they loved to pretend to be warriors, vikings and knights! Using sticks, they'd duel each other...swinging and poking, slashing and screaming, their poor mother was at her wits end! What power these little boys had! What energy! Then something magical and wondrous happened... she met Master Alejandro.
Who were the Hebrews descended from?
Drawings for commissioned poster design must be submitted tomorrow and I am so tired. I have finally fallen totally to an unrecoverable depth of tango addiction and I have force myself to get enough rest in order to be as involved in the work as I am in the tango. I ignore people who want to visit the studio, I sleep very little. Twice this week I was still up when the light came and the birds started singing. You know it is really nice then, and who wants to go to bed on a summer day?
Look! The Sun has lost its glow. The planets war with one another in the sky. Ghosts possess people, who howl as if they were on fire!
4. I eat merely to put food out of my mind. (N.F. Simpson)
Another Simplicity 2591! I do think this is my last one of Me Made May, though. I made this one from a vintage curtain I bought at a fair, and I blogged about it here when I made it last year. I haven't worn it for a while and I was really pleased with it when I put it on this morning - it's really well made! I'm standing a bit weirdly here because my friend SJ was taking these photos in the stairwell at work and I felt a bit awkward, but it's a really good fit. I love the fabric. It's SO LOUD. It seems like pretty much everything handmade in my wardrobe is made in some sort of novelty print, but I can live with that. The only thing for it was to wear it with equally loud Irregular Choice shoes, of course.
Runner up
The ride home was full of tears and prayers. The kids in the back seat of the Suburban holding hands and praying. God, please bring Molly back, please protect her, please keep her safe. Dear God, I miss Molly!
The boats are comfortable enough for everyone in the family-up to fiver people-to hang
His critics describe him as arrogant.
Satin Safe, six minutes of noise that would be associated with Loop rather than Chapterhouse, saturated in feedback. Rain is a Beatles cover, if you think of the fab four on a delay and reverb overload, that is about the size of it. Feel the Same completes the EP and it brings the listener back to what are good at soft vocals and dynamic guitars. Towards the end of the track there is a bit too much of a wig out, the Marychain would of been proud of this one.
As we near the end of this week, both kids and mom are sick with fevers, sore throats, cough and just all around feeling yucky. Hoping next week is a little smoother.
Everyone can wear navy, powder blue, and charcoal. Fun colors include silver.
3. Dried red chilies, 1-2.
looking for the right meal at the right time...
Thank goodness my mom is coming to help for a few days. Sometimes, you just need your mom. Since she, too, had a hysterectomy, she'll know what I'm going through.
Written by: Joseph Ray / Daniel Stephens / Alana Watson
we celebrate three of the girls birthdays
Things I freakin' loved:
As a gorilla of independent means, I have not found it too hard to get humans to treat me with the same consideration they would show a member of their own species. And if any human is difficult to convince on this matter, I can always force the issue by hoisting him upside down by his ankles and farting in front of his face. But I abhor unnecessary violence and would much rather solve these problems through dialogue and education. So I say to humans who want to treat their animal companions with respect: Learn from Shaggy!
I missed posting so much,I was having alot of problems
In a limited sense, I am a conservative: I am quite willing to conserve what is good and I am against changing things without justification. This is, of course, a reasonable position: to infer that past idea, morals and values are incorrect simply because they are old is just as fallacious as assuming that they are correct just because they are old. The age of such things, at least by itself, has no bearing on their goodness or badness. As might be imagined, being a conservative in this sense is not what people usually think of when they think of what it is to be a conservative. After all, someone who thinks that something should be conserved on the basis of rational arguments for its goodness just seems to be, well, rational. As such, a mere willingness to conserve what is both old and good does not seem to be enough to count as a social conservative. The question is, of course, what more is needed.
Our policy has always been that entry to shows is first come first served. Reviewers queue with the rest and there is no special treatment. There are no tickets and there never will be. In situations of particularly high demand we have issued tokens to the queue, thus allowing it to wait in more comfort and not stand for an hour; this is still first come first served.
green chilly - 5(chopped)(+ or - accordingly).
Now for the details....the cases are made from 88% Post-Consumer Recycled Materials and feel similar to a hardback book. The inside iPad holder is made from leather. We like them because they protect the screen and flip open to read like a book. And lets face it, we like them just because they are colorful and fun!
I own your nation's media,
It's wondrous what a hug can do--a hug can cheer you when you're blue.
We launch into the new opening credits after a hearty breakfast and some delicious pancakes and only a few minutes in Katie says she thinks the whole thing looks and indeed sounds a lot like James Bond, with it's covert, spy style music; like Doctor Who does Bond. She throws doubt on to whether radar technology actually works, ponders why there isn't a crater when the meteorite/sphere crash lands to earth and laughs at the model shot of the TARDIS arriving. She also points out to me that when this originally aired no one would have known what the Doctor was going to look like when he fell from the TARDIS doors. I'm sure it would have been out there in the press but younger viewers in particular would have been unaware. How exciting that must have been!
To be honest, at this time in my life my paycheck barely covered my bills, let alone extras. But I reasoned that what I'd spend over one or two nights out at some lame bar with a bunch of predatory losers could cover a whole month's subscription to eHarmony. And if, in that month, I found no one of interest, then I would chalk it up to experience and move on.
But, I still don't think I'm going to be writing all that much in the coming days. Please be patient as I sort out my life.
I received a console stereo for my 13th birthday. I thought I would pee my pants when I saw it. My best friend, Allison, was there when we walked in the house and there it was with a bow on top. It was the coolest-EVER gift from my parents. I still dream about that crazy stereo, sometimes.
On NFL game days this season, Rock Bottom Brewery will offer a delicious dining deal. The new special appetizer menu offers a variety of appetizers priced at $5, $7 and $11. The menu is available on Sundays during any and all games.
1. Please post something YOU made. It doesn't matter if it is crochet, quilt, clothing, anything would be fine. I want to see it! If you use someone's idea or patterns please give them the rightful credit.
"Not only did the racially charged statement offend Plaintiff (Jackson-Burch), the manner in which it was stated reveals a level of comfort and bigotry that is usually reserved for private embrace," the lawsuit states.
the church clock chimes 10
A delightful painting of an English Garden, tucked behind glass in a Victorian frame....
I've made this Vintage Spring card for Petaloo, using Mulberry paper flowers in this gorgeous light blue shade, a color that went perfect with the music paper, I think. The doily is from Dusty Attic and I have painted it with white gesso and then stamped on it. The same stamp I then used on the music paper, here and there.
Every Thursday, 2:00pm SLT in the St. Vitus Abbey Guesthouse Kitchen
peeling off her top
Jen Worden Dirt encrusted darkness with a side of wry humour.
There are so many problems in the world right now and this is a very small blog but I have to point out the old saying that ignorance of the law is no excuse under the law. It's quite obvious that the same rule should apply equally to environmental crimes. The fact is that there are no islands left where we can start again. As Bill McKibben said:
The miracle of adoption...
He has memorized most if not all of the Bible and has a PhD in counseling and theology. He's very humble and I just enjoy hearing his view on things. Well, last night he was getting questions such as, "What if you feel like you have made a wrong decision, what should you do?" He answered that, "Pull the plug, if something is not working, try another avenue." Then later when someone was asking about feeling they can't go on with things, he was talking about never giving up. Life is such a constant decision of what to do and what not to do. I know this isn't very profound or anything, but lately I have been thinking about my posts not being very interesting at all. I love blogging, but I read some of the most clever posts on my friend's blogs and I can't help but think, "Trish, you have what sounds like a very mundane life."
So, I've decided I want a fresh start! I'm thinking about starting a new blog sometime in the summer, my life is starting to change more and I want my blog to fit it too. So I hope when I return with a new blog, all of my followers will continue to follow me! I won't be gone completely, I will still update my tumblr and youtube, so please don't forget me! I will be back with an even better blog, that I think everyone will enjoy much more! If anyone still reads this blog I want to thank you, and hope I will see you on my new blog!!
run away on
Bloody years would follow the blitz's career, anthems for the youth. Science and rhythm left estranged, relax when it's all over. So much dead and gone.
and posed with our sign, "In memory of Ma-Ma. We love you."
The hit that Torres laid on Marian Hossa, ten years ago, would have been deemed a good clean hockey hit. Poor Hossa, shoulda kept his head up. Scott Stevens is often referenced as a player who received much acclamation for delivering this type of hit. Those days are simply past.
while I sucked my thumb and mewled
With the rapid advancement of technology, modern society has inadvertantly created likely causes of the end of mankind. Nuclear energy and weapons are a prime example. There is also a possibility that genetic researchers might accidentally release a modified organism that in one way or another spells our demise.
Oh My Old San Juan (thurs)
What makes the novel keep going nay, surging ahead amidst stormy waves and emotion is the distinct style of writing adopted by the author Ismita. With each chapter being a narrative of a different character, the reader not only gets to understand what a character is thinking, he/she is also aided in pursuing the mystery of Love on the Rocks from different interesting angles.
Merrell: Did you just say shit balls ass?
There were those at the beginning who protested the effects of this newfound power. The Luddites regarded the new deskilled world of industrial labor as a radical step away from the craft economy they had known. And, even today craft objects are often prized far beyond those made in factories and tend to last longer and work better than their manufactured counterparts. (Certainly, there are exceptions to this, but they only point out the extra cost of producing something of quality and durability meant to last not just a few years, but one or more lifetimes.)
I am happy to receive this award from Laura of Kindergarten Kraziness. Thanks Laura! It also has my FAVORITE flower on it!! ;-) And yes, it brought some sunshine to my day!
Bittersweet Chocolate Ganache
"So, she doesn't have to get off the train at Swindon?"
A while back I did some small tweaking to our TV stand and I've finally remembered to share it. The living room has had many small changes along the way, I can't seem to get it the way I want, but we're getting there.
As it relates to today's ad, I especially like second 22.
Well, we finally got out. My former neighbor could not make it, he had a tooth come out and needs to see the dentist. We drove up the Logan Canyon a bit, pulled into a camping area with fire rings, gathered wood, talked quite a bit, cooked brots and such, and then ate. My newer friend is a bit uptight, I think. He needs to learn how to relax, I mean really relax. He is always on edge. I wondered if it was his program, he is working on his doctorate. But I am beginning to think it is just him. If we get together, I think I might be able to show him how to take life as it comes. I stress on some things, but no longer allow myself to twitch at everything, or even most things. He sometimes thinks a snapping branch is somehow aimed at him. No, I am not laughing, mostly. I have been there, done that, and quit it over time.
According to Haaretz, there only three Molotov cocktails. As of now, it appears there were no casualties.
All this might, just might, have been avoided if DeSean Jackon had gone to a special teams practice on Saturday. That was the reason he was declared inactive. However, if anything Philadelphia fans have learned over the years, it is this: Practice? It's no big deal. After all, it's not a game.
DW: 400 billion is all it takes to completely stop environmental destruction? How is that possible?
Yet we do it anyway. We love it that much.
Propagandhi (awesome Canadian punk rock band) started a new podcast that to date lasted all of two episodes!
My Story Recommendation of the Week is for "'Run,' Bakri Says" by Ferrett Steinmetz, from the December 2011 issue of Asimov's. This is Steinmetz's second SROTW.
The people of Luton are calling for all the scum that turned out that day to dishonour our armed forces to be given an ASBO that bans them from our town centre 24 hours a day and 7 days a week!
a couple squeezes of lemon* (represented in the picture below by the toy orange as I didn't have a lemon today so I left it out-- it IS still yummy!!!)
But somehow this does not curb the increbdible joy in the air. Birds twittering away from early morning, the nightlark singing his song when you put on a light in the middle of the night, ants scurrying around, deer grunting and galloping in the fields.
Your challenge is to show us a project drenched in fall colors - orange, russet, burgundy, gold, yellow, nad charteuse, your pick! Enter by Friday, November 25 (the day after Thanksgiving); our randomly drawn winner and the honorable mentions will be announced on the last Sunday, November 27. Multiple entries are encouraged, but each must be on a separate post. As always, entries that feature Wonderland in some way will get two chances in the drawing instead of one.
My mom and sister were outside while this was taking place. Dad regained his composure, but was still walking that choked up, misty-eyed edge. Mom and sister sat at the kitchen table, glanced at brother-in-law and could immediately tell that he, too, was on the verge of tears. Fortunately, it was a little bit of hilarity.
It brought me to tears.
Today I ran the longest distance I ever have in my life - I completed a 5K as a runner rather than a walker. Like a dork I sprinted at the finish line, and came in at a steller 36 min. and 40 sec. I have beat my 15 minute mile (which I was famous for in High School).
The high street needs to embrace everyone. I would like to see older people moving back into the centre. You could pop out and meet your friend, sit on a bench and watch skateboarders. We would be surprised by the sense of community that would develop between the different age groups: you saw it in the riots around London, when people were out cleaning up and putting things right.
Before examining this particular school further, a word about education in general at the time. Whilst the hygienists had ensured a revolution in social housing at the end of the 19th century, reformers had also succeeded in making major changes in the world of education. The most important advance was the Ferry law of 1882 which made schools secular, free and obligatory for all children between the ages of 6 and 13. It also insisted on military exercises for boys and needlework for girls, but this aspect has largely been forgotten today!
Though I was happy sleeping
The huge number of applications for the 7,978 Build-to-Order (BTO) and balance flats released a week ago has exceeded supply by over three times. Applications reached about 26,350 a few hours before closing yesterday.
"It is pretty tacky for girls to go around pushing other girls to try to turn guys on,'' she said.
Thanks for not being work.
I made this simple garland out of old book pages, twine and sand dollars.
Chlorella*
2 Lovely Bloodflow 3:35
He has gone off to secondary school today - this boy is growing up far to quickly for my liking. How can I have a child who is at college when I am so young myself (I am 25 in my head :-)). He seemed very happy going off, not too nervous at all which is wonderful, I hope he loves his new school. I managed to sneak a little kiss on him before he ran off for the bus, he is nearly too old for kisses :-( Little Sweetpea and Middle Sweetpea are under strict instructions not to grow any more :-)
Missions: A commitment to spend 18 months to 2 years full-time preaching the gospel, developing welfare projects, serving as tour guides at church historical sites, or operating game-hunting reserves for wealthy clients.
is often centered around propriety and convention, rigid social
Refreshed by a good night's sleep and chocolate truffles delivered to my room on a pretty plate at bedtime, our next school was Stanwell School just around the corner in Penarth, where I spoke to two groups of Year 7 and a group of Year 12 creative writing students in their very impressive new lecture theatre.
"Will." The doll chuckled. "Call me Will. I can't bring her to you, but I can take you to her. You've been trained as well as possible here in Salem, but you're not world class. There's still so much to do! You can bring honor to your people and to your country with your talents. Dr. Nine will be most pleased with how far you've come and most interested in where you need to go." He clapped his hands, the sound sharp in the small, dusty room. "We're wasting time here. Tell them the deal."
Take a blue marker.
Currently, unless you have exceptional influence with your Bank, you are likely to find it quite difficult to secure mortgage finance.
I have a great hope- I will be spending eternity with Christ. He looked at me in my hopelessness and with my sinful mind and actions and loved me so much He became a man and died in my place. Love like that is so beyond what I can fathom, but I trust that my sin has been forgiven. I am wiped clean!!
Chloe is having a very busy week at the Traaseths in Gainesville, Georgia. The weather is not as nice as we had hoped, but she doesn't seem to care. The Gavins (including my Live and Learn drumming buddy Austin) came over for a couple days, so it was a festive crowd. Steph picks her up tomorrow for a couple of days of exploring the river and shopping and sightseeing in Athens, and then Chloe flies home Thursday.
The song seemed to be very popular with people in the know about reggae in the 80's but did it get airplay beyond college radio reggae shows?
Diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorders
Sally had found a hairbrush and was running it through her hair. Jen was munching on a Triscuit.
Mel recently bought herself a 'big-girl' / typical father's day(?) purchase of her own...an outdoor grill, which I think is hysterical yet amazing. This has inevitably lead to many a BBQ already. ~Bless you spring and all the outdoor joy you bring~
Bendin back I tipped my hat so I could look Him in the eye.
And the black beast of the beetles' pews
"Your arms make me think of my grandma" (said while child was rubbing one of my ham hock arms)
with a huge candy bar in her hands. Ah ha, I was able to
He named her Elsie, and barely had time to hand her over to me before I took off down the road. I grew up on bikes, and my Grandpa is an avid biker....still at 87 years old. He has never driven a car, and his bikes are everything to him.
Each little snail here
Solid, bitter punch to it. The body is a little lighter than I expected, but it's still fairly big. It's an IPA, after all, not a barleywine. A little twangy to go with the bitterness, and fairly sweet malt. The hops are somewhere between grassy and piney. Bitterness lasts, and gets less sweet quickly.
Next up on eBay - each starting at just one penny - my new #01 Hand Embellished Limited Edition Canvases! Each is the #01/25 first print of the edition, hand embellished by me in acrylic paints, signed & numbered. And yes - upon request - absolutely no charge - we are now able to offer to stretch/wrap the canvases on stretcher boards and add hangers on the back so you can hang them immediately with no framing or mounting needed. In fact, with our new printing system we can now offer stretched canvases at the exact same size as the loose canvases - so whether you decide on a flat/rolled canvas or a stretched/wrapped and ready-to-hang canvas - they'll be the same size! The new Canvases are: Darling Dragonling IV, Sun Child and Moon Child, Owlyn in the Nest, and Call of the Night. - each is up for a 10 day auction ending the evening of Thursday, October 6th at 6:00 PM - 6:09 PM Central Time. Click below to see them all!
There are so many fun trends and though I don't use them all, there are three that I'm loving right now.
I'm not sure if you are sealed to us. I'm not sure if I'll be able to grow you a new, perfect body for you to live in or if I'll get to raise you to become a woman. Those things aren't known to me. But I have faith in God and His perfect plan, and I know that all the injustices in this world will be made right through Jesus Christ's atonement.
This also affects me. Mom's balance is poor, it is hard for her to get her wheelchair started and she has many other problems. As everyone knows, I am a shelter dog and it is apparent that I was bred by a very irresponsible breeder, because my hips and knees aren't great...they are good enough for my regular service work and carrying a lightly loaded backpack though. But now Mom needs more than that. I could learn the new tasks she need, but Mom will never ever do anything that could possibly hurt me. So Mom is going to apply for a mobility service dog and I will retire and go back to being Mom's pet dog with Lola. We will still keep up the blog (after all, we have a lot of adventures here at the house) and we will let the new dog add some entries too.
COMPLETED:
But then, people kind of noticed something funny. They noticed that Bert Blyleven's statistics -- those stubborn numbers -- were a lot better than Morris'. His ERA was more than a half-run lower. He had 1,200 more strikeouts. He had fewer walks, even though he pitched many more innings. He had more than twice as many shutouts. He even had 37 more wins.
Dr Helen E Lees, Research fellow, School of Education, Stirling University.
* rootdev:/sbus@1,f8000000/esp@0,800000/sd@3,0:a
The only means of communication around then was the one telephone in the neighborhood that belonged to Dave Campbell. He was fairly well off and owned the neighborhood grocery store. Their house phone was used by everyone around. Very few people owned cars either, so it was an overall situation of doing what was necessary to carry on with one's life. "God helps those who help themselves" was a maxim everyone lived by.
Make safe all your goodies,
My special needs daughter had a number of medical issues. I had other personal concerns, too. In all, it was a difficult, exhausting time.
The 1st place winner of the jewelry contest competition. She had never made a single piece of jewelry and Margot and I really liked how she put all components together. The competition was about creating a look that would capture our design vision, and she did it!
Now this, my friends, is something worth researching!
(2) Six (or more, c'mon, we're among friends) of the following symptoms have persisted for the duration of your time on Blogger, to a degree that is maladaptive and inconsistent with the level present in your other hobby activities, including, but not limited to scrapbooking, fantasy football, online poker, gardening, and masturbation.
I think it's only appropriate that my first open heart letter is to Kim. I was fortunate that I could actually send her a similar letter before she died--selfishly, I needed her to know how much I cared. I share this letter with you now, with love and gratitude for having known her:
From the freezer - A recipe using up an ingredient that is in our freezer
My Lord Scandal was a delight to read with the sensual characters and interwoven plot that pulls you into the world of forbidden love and the consequences that go along.
-Hairstyles-
Plans Are Meaningless Guidelines
i always tell the truth to everyone
The property is fortified by a wooden palisade and a rampart. Armed guards patrol its perimeter.
have laid their claim
My main goal for this summer is to, finally, get my drivers license. I have had my permit since October. Me and cars do not mix very well though, so I am hoping to put aside a large chunk of time dedicated to nothing but driving each day. So, look out world, I'm going to be mobile!
It is Monday another start to what should be a great week! Although I AM exhausted! After receiving a text a couple weeks ago from one of my favorite cousins ever saying,
Converting just the book-words to the most basic digital format is extremely easy. Look, I can do it now. Take that first sentence: 'Let's start from the very beginning'. I won't do all of it, but here's how it goes:
Alla prossima!
You never do, do you?
Gerald L. Posner, Mengele: The Complete Story, McGraw-Hill, 1986
The Jackson 5 moved on to working an opening act for such R&B artists as Gladys Knight and the Pips, James Brown, and Sam and Dave. Many of these performers were signed to the legendary Motown record label, and it has been reported that Gladys Knight may have been the one to tell Motown founder Berry Gordy about the Jackson 5. Impressed by the group, Gordy signed them to his label in 1968.
The High Court dismissed the appeal with costs. Legal costs of the case to date are approximately $9 million and have already been expensed.
so I am here to welcome you to another round with the Calendar Girls!
Obama: What's the password?
I don't have them all figured out yet...but through this exercise I have discovered what my resolution for next year will be...12 trips over the 12 months of 2011. Like a road trip every month. Could be anything - a big trip, a little weekend jaunt, even a day away.
I have the traditional Birdcage in the shop of $28.70
What are you planning on growing this summer?
What was that boat? The Greek word is SKAPHE from which we get our English SKIFF. It has the meaning of being dug or scooped out, a trough or tub. It could be likened to the old American Indian canoe, which was a tree trunk, fashioned into a small boat by chopping out the insides of the trunk and sculpturing the ends for ease of sailing.
Also, please feel free to forward this information to your family and friends who you think might be interested in our products.
SMS: Can you tell us what to expect from you in 2012? Any big projects or life-changing goals?
While working as a community organizer for a group of churches in Chicago, Obama was repeatedly asked to join Christian congregations, but begged off.
He stressed that in order for these groups to be formed, society first needs to understand what practical benefits modernization brings.
I just could not resist Joanna Sheen's latest CD (if flowers could talk).
Bachmann: no but I will keep looking
It assumes that all pain and hardship, wherever possible should be avoided.
The station wagon.
This island is not a man, yet
She was not originally from the immediate area, but her husband had been and so she had lived in the district in the past. In the years of violence with the Soviet invasion and the later civil wars, she and her family had fled to Pakistan as refugees, as did millions of other people. Her husband died, leaving her a widow with two sons to raise. She got a job working as a midwife, but as she got into her 50s, her eyesight started to go, so she could no longer do that.
Unemployment: A Guide to Benefits and Moving Forward
Or crap it out on the floor.
Philosophy of Mind: Is the mind like a computer program?
I place it against my shoulder and smile to myself. I look in the mirror and see the silver touch my pale skin. This time, there's no hesitation. This time, I push it in and draw it down, ever so slowly, wincing as I form a thin red line to go with the three pink scars already there. I smile to myself as the pain which is becoming increasingly familiar takes over my thoughts. For a few moments, I know that I'll forget about being Bingirl, Princess Pizza Face, or any of the other names people call me. The pain will be all I can focus on, and I will be happier than I've been all day.
How did you do?
If all of this wasn't enough, my cat Autumn was in the bathroom and at some point decided she was very interested in the ice cubes in the tub. She hopped up on the ledge and hung over like a ragdoll. She stretched her paws as far as they could go and tried desperately to bat at the ice cubes. She was maybe a half inch from the water's surface and could not manage to get any closer. I knew there was a good chance that if she inched forward any further she could fall in--making herself miserable, but even worse, splashing me with the cold water. I could have scooted toward her and given her a nudge off of the edge and back onto the floor, but that would mean moving and I was quite frozen to my spot. I just held my breath and watched her, every now and again I would look away to continue negotiating with the ice. "Really you don't want to come too close to me, I might melt you." My eyes darted back and forth ice cubes, cat, ice cubes, cat, either one could possibly send me screaming at any given moment.
3/10/12 I am thankful for
93% of new housing benefit claims since the election are from people who work and have a low income. Working isn't going to help those people deal with the cuts.
With my balls in my boots and my mouth full of shit,
Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them. Hebrews 7:25 (KJV)
And rewind to the first time
This guy then turns around and says that he did these things to defend Norway against Marxists and Muslims. Wow! When are people going to let these two groups off the hook? Muslims have been persecuted (along with other groups) since the dark ages, and continue to be the target of stereotyping and discrimination because of a relatively small radicalized few who carry out terrorist attacks in name of Allah (the compassionate, the merciful). Marxists have been the target of right-wing vitriol worldwide, and very specifically in the United States, since the Communist Revolution in 1919, and throughout the 20th century as countries throughout the world tried their hands at communism or socialism (they get lumped in as the same ideology, despite their differences). Although, I must say that all countries that have been described as "communist", have not actually followed through with Marx's vision to the endpoint, and have instead all stagnated in the "dictatorship of the proletariat" stage, with the Communist Party becoming a de facto dictator, with the head of the party as the head of the state (e.g. Chairman Mao, Premier Stalin, President Castro). But I digress...
02 An Older Lover
A new read from Juliette Sobanet, Kissed in Paris.... and with a title like that... Who doesn't want to be kissed in Paris... Light, easy and French bubbly...... the ultimate chic lit... I loved Sleeping with Paris, so I am loading up my Kindle as we speak...
Tentation is a berry fuchsia that is not the same as Rouge Carat. Rouge Carat is red whereas this is more fuchsia. It is opaque with 2 coats.
President of the Hair Club for Men
Total cost of that outfit
"So?"
Still other Zionists indulge in unrestrained self-victimhood. "Israel is slammed for the attack because the world is biased against Israel" (as proven by the recent, unanimous approval of the country's entry into the OECD). A Yediot Ahronot (Israel's leading newspaper) article is titled A brutal ambush at sea! You know -- if you break into my house and I hit you with a bat I'm ambushing you. I don't recall meanings being twisted so amusingly since "present absentee." Come on, why stop at "ambush"? What those people on the boat did was a downright pogrom! Or, better still, a Holocaust! Don't dare deny it or you'll be a Holocaust denier.
In the end we decide we want Bertie shot with bullets of his own shite, then left on a hospital trolley to rot.
no fair! there should be pie! you are so mean! ::insert eeeeevile laugh:: and that, my children, is why MY door-to-door pastry and pie domination will dominate.
The sun broke through the clouds just as the couple was exchanging rings. I couldn't believe it. I don't think anyone else could either, after the rainy day. But the couple had faith. It will serve them well long after that walk down the aisle.
You know, it's one thing about intellectuals,
Sean Carey ... Mike Larson
~Claire
Ever since I have been a mother, I have LOATHED winter.
Because it's time.
All these qualities together and way of life transmitted through generations for the welfare of people, expressed through language and actions are included in culture.
Mime and spiritual storyteller (JonGStoryz@aol.com
But the fact my very bestest friend in the whole of creation said I wasn't spiritual was probably one of the reasons I found myself inserting the prefix of heretical into my theological descriptions...
We went down on Friday and arrived in the afternoon. The sun came out and we had blue sky with a few clouds. At our hotel we were fortunate to have a room with a view of the Thames and Tower Bridge. So we set out and explored our surroundings, taking lots of photo's as we went along. Unfortunately, Saturday and Sunday were a bit of a wash out, as the rain came down, but we made the best of it by visiting the V&A and the British Museum. We noticed quite a change in the temperature as London was 14 degrees and when we got but home it was 5 degrees or though it felt like 0 degrees as it was so cold. Winter has returned!! It makes me wonder if we will ever get some nice hot sunny weather this year!!
In the same way that I cannot imagine anyone of my parents' early boomer generation being 45 and facing the prospect of never again having a full-time, permanent staff type of job with benefits and a company pension, I am equally certain they cannot fathom how this is, unfortunately, pretty much the norm for my generation.
Israel is a false Israel? Oh? Then Jacob was a false heir who stole the birthright.
You should end up with something that looks like this! Now make sure you leave a GOOD half an hour for this to dry before moving on - or use your heat gun to speed up the process - the white ink takes FOREVER to dry!!! The original tutorial I used for Faux Wood stopped here - but I felt the white needed toning down a little and popped some more streaks across it.
I need to make a few points regarding the political landscape facing us in 2012. But first, a proviso: it is a new year and we just finished its first week. By this I mean that much can, and much will change. But these are a few things that I have gathered from the past several months and believe apply at this point in the game, from my view on the sidelines:
Brown Rice Flour
While it's good that another bad guy is now headed to meet his 72 Virgins who look like Joy Behar, the downside is that's a batch of intelligence on possible terror attacks that has been silenced.
Critics say allowing more riders to go helmetless will add to motorcycle injury and death tolls in Michigan. They also say it will raise insurance costs for all motorists to help cover the increased risks to motorcyclists.
Can this REALLY be the face of a grandmother??????????????
It may seem odd that there were two different types of mashing machine. Internal rakes had been the first type of mashing machine, inventd in 1807, it mechanised the mixing of grain and malt which until then had been performed by men with paddles. Must have been great fun in a tun containing hundreds of barrels.
I think she turned out kind of cute - but what do you think? I hope you all have a great end to the weekend and a chance to play with us in this week's challenge. - Jen
19. Jetsons
So here is my lesson and how we solve word problems:
65g plain flour
So, are you guys pumped about this orange colour or do you find it too in your face? Also, I know many people who are totally against painting wood, especially a vintage chair - please don't hate me! I promise to share my process with you, and maybe once it's all finished and in our home I will change your mind forever!
Another technique i looked into was matte painting i like the idea of being able to create a scene using other composites such as buildings, vehicles, rivers, roads etc. Here are a few examples plus my own version.
Of course along with my new found love of bands with names that scared the shit out of my mother came a sense of rebellion, typical teenager that i was it was time to push the boundaries all while remaining faithful to the game i loved, Kurt Cobain would've hated me, i was the hotshit basketball player who hung out in the counter-culture, though i'd say i was a bit more Jim Carroll, i played my game and did what i wanted in my spare time, hung out with guys who weren't playing sports, guys who were my friends cuz we were friends, guys who liked to chase girls and drive to fast... and did i mention that my new found love of hardcore, my surplus army jacket with writing all over it, my Chuck Taylor's with the anarchy symbol drawn over the label (original wasn't i) began to attract a whole new set of girls? Girls my mother would say were of questionable moral standing which was the exact sort of moral standing i was looking for at the time...
It briefly crossed his mind that if he'd followed the teacher's advice to sit on trees he would have been nearly invisible. He blinked and looked around.
Who are your favorite bloggers and why?
onto a brush or denim jacket, or Sun-
Just the 3 stamp sets so far - this one I've put up before but I'm trying again. Would love someone to have it and give it a home.
* 1 cup pecans or walnuts, chopped
Gastrointestinal disorders
They also took the family's Mazda 6 vehicle - registration VVS239GP, he said.
Sam: Do they smell like pee?
But a great little homewares shop in town (The Flying Fish, Nanaimo) had some wonderful cushions using recycled saris to embroider designs on a neutral background -- you can see one, with the zigzag patterns above, and another below, with the three large stylized flowers at the right below. By my standards, they were expensive ($90 each!!), so I hesitated a day or two, but I suspected they would be the key to pulling together a collection of less expensive pillows.
The wolf has held an honored place in many mythologies, folklore and religions throughout human history and across many cultures. Wolves were and are creatures to be respected, feared, and admired. For these animals, the extended family unit or pack is the center of their lives. Wolves show great nurturing and gentle care for one another, while also displaying vicious ferocity and cunning on their hunts, in competition with one another, and in the defense of territory and their pack. They are animals of great intelligence and physical prowess.
We sat down with our food and saw the girl asking someone who appeared to be on the cooking staff. He shrugged his shoulders and turned to ask someone else, who apparently ALSO didn't know. Soon there were five people standing around discussing the shiny, and attractive button.
There is no shadow in Your presence
2. Sierra Nevada Stout (5.8%)- a highly underrated stout that has the malty sweetness, but also the bitterness that is expected from Sierra Nevada.
Nose: Pears, green apples, lemon, honeydew melon.
The Children Are Watching Us
I get out of the car taking the keys with me.... although don't think anyone would be moving it in a hurry.
...stars that were dancing across the beam of light, gleefully shining, disrupting the flatly placid, still and peaceful surface of the lake.
It would simple be... nowhere
W2: Oh, we discussed that at PTO, and we started a fund to bring real people into the classrooms. Last month, we had a policeman and a doctor come in to talk to every class. And next month, we're having a woman from Japan and a man from Kenya come to speak.
Statesville and Mooresville are combined into a single Micropolitan area for statistical purposes by Site Selection magazine (Micropolitans are cities with populations between 10,000 and 50,000). Iredell County is unique in that it has two economic development organizations working to grow private investment and jobs for one of the fastest growing counties in North Carolina.
Did you know that Friday, February 3 was Wear Red Day to fight heart disease in women?
"No headscarves, no vote," shouted sixty-odd women who gathered outside the parliament building in Ankara on April 8. "As it stands, our democracy is half-baked", said the group's spokeswoman, Nesrin Semiz. "Two-thirds of Turkish women cover their heads. Not one of them has a seat in parliament."
The meeting included experts from the Forestry Research and Development Agency (FORDA) of the Ministry of Forestry (including the newly formed agroforestry research centre at Ciamis), Bogor Agricultural Institute, University of Lampung, Gadjah Mada University and the World Agroforestry Centre Indonesia office. Several key resource persons with expertise in policy analysis, natural resource management and agroforestry were also present.
Here she is on the sand bar (camera zoomed in)
In the case before us, it was not shown that there was willful violation of the law, neither was it indicated that the respondents have been found guilty of negligence.
3WW: Demolish, Resolution, Transform.
I'm not sure we needed to hear this. It only made me more nervous. But I recognized that this was Joe, here, revealing to himself the incredible position he'd been invited into. He only wanted to impart what an important project this was. As it was Steve's assignment, I felt I was somewhat out of the loop. I was, and still am not, a filmmaker, and was primarily just a fan. I had to remind myself, in that moment, how lucky I was. My mind was being blown, in other words.
1 Some people who were there at that time told Jesus about certain Galileans. Pilate had mixed their blood with their sacrifices.
We had a fun morning with Lucky Charms cereal and green milk. Kiddo was pretty sure it would taste awful, but was delighted to learn the flavor did not change. I haven't yet told her that um..something else will change color in about 4 hours..we will cross the bridge later..
Both of our boys love doing puzzles. For some reason we have stored our puzzles in our TV cabinet and not in the IKEA Expedit, with the rest of the toys. I think it is probably because it's something they like doing sitting on the carpet. As you can imagine though keeping 20 or so puzzles organised and tidy is a challenge AND has been done very poorly in our household to date.
Disc 2B (October 2nd 1995) Yoyogi Olympic Pool, Tokyo, Japan
The ransoms the large shipping companies are willing to pay to secure the release of their vessels and crews totals tens of millions of dollars, money that most certainly is used to further perpetuate piracy, secure weapons and ammunition, fast boats, GPS, satellite radios and so on. This in itself merely encourages the pirates. Besides, how much of this money is passed on to radical terrorist groups?
Thanks STARS for sending out this important, truthful message.
With a year of exploits behind him, Big Giant Robot is ready to take whatever comes his way in 2011...not that he'll be able to comprehend the seriousness of it at all, but at least he'll be in the same vicinity,
(fresh lime juice, optional)
Let us send out a clear message today that you and I will not tolerate the social degradation of women and children, nor will we stand idly by while our airwaves are turned into sewers of filth.
why can't i be like her?
*please remember that all of these photographs are the property of Caroline and Nowordz Photography. Not to be copied or used without permission. Also, photographs are available for purchase if you are interested through Caroline.
Operating with almost impunity, these pirates, joined by local criminal elements and fishermen who see the possibilities of making a quick million dollars, have been encouraged to continue with their criminal activities by the shipping companies who are only too keen to pay the large ransoms the pirates demand in order to secure the release of their vessels, crews and cargo. Whereas it is hoped that the shipping companies will do everything in their power to effect the release of their crews who man their ships - and the cargo they have been entrusted with - what about the ships? Do some shipping companies really want their ships back?
I spilled some ink on Mommy's rug;
Amygdala
As every line falls so effuse
Then I ride and we are making great progress in some areas and encountering blocks in other areas. The trot work, which needed the most improvement, is going well. He's becoming more forward and supple. We do a circle at each end and when we've warmed up with that for a bit we do three loop serpentines. The serpentines really help with getting the 'flow' of switching bend and keeping rhythm through turns. I'm pleased with our progress here. Rogo is really improving use of his hindquarters and at times booms down the long sides. I look forward to the day when this power is there most of the time and carries through the corners rhythmically.
Will there be any other work involved:
If you have elementary school-aged children, you have been presented with the following scenario:
So I happened onto the bud vases and thought one would make a nice gift for my co-worker, who doesn't suffer from allergies like me and plans for gardens and flowers and vegetables thrill her to no end.
NBC Sports network has two games scheduled Sunday night, if necessary.
dark salad greens: mesclun mix, spinach, or arugula are good choices
The snow they send to meet me won't defeat me
kamal asked, sir it had been 7 months in my first company and my salary is very less should i ask my boss for increment please suggest???
Leather and wool are my downfall when it comes to shopping for clothes, and those are the only things I am willing to pay premium price for. I don't particularly like silk and linen, which I find really difficult to care for and while I try to buy organic cotton whenever possible, but I don't really get frustrated if I don't. I am however a little embarrass to admit that I'm rather fond of quick-drying polyester and the whole cotton/poly/tencel blend is a life-saver when traveling.
"I-70 west toward the mountains."
I will be in touch shortly!
- In Rome, 2,000 years ago, Julius Caesar banned chariots from the centre of Rome to ease congestion.
There is little in life that surpasses the sensation of encountering something---a human, an object, an idea--that instantaneously bestows a certainty that you are in the presence of your ideal, your superlative, the Great Inner "Yes!". Not inclined to suffer fools and being particular to a fault, I live to be seduced by whatever is excellent. In such fortunate moments, I gush, I rhapsodize.
How to Marry a Millionaire
Admittedly, her reference points are American, as you would expect, but I have some thoughts - indeed experience - to share on this. For a start, that word "dystopian", which Ms Cox Gurdon doesn't actually use but which is lurking behind her article. It was coined by those who mistakenly believed it was the opposite of "utopian." They thought that Thomas More's "Utopia" was a mistransliteration of the Greek for "good place", with the prefix "eu" (as in "euphony" or "euphemism"), whereas the first letter actually represented "ou" or "not."
We bestow our respect and honor their memory, flesh of our flesh, bone of our bone.
Oh well. Won't be long and with daily mowing we hopefully will kill it off.
on Broadway above the tunnel
charging time frame
Bake for 25-30 minutes or until puffy and golden brown.
I hope you have enjoyed my 62nd installment of My Crafty Picks and have found some inspiration and/or joy!! This is something I do each Sunday so make sure you check back often!! And don't forget to visit these lovely artists blog and let them know that they were featured here on My Crafty Picks!!
Lisa: Our Lake Tahoe vacation was when I knew he was the one. We stayed up late while everybody slept, just talking in front of a fire pit. We have had long talks before, but this one was different. I really got to see the sweet hearted person I was so eager to get to know. What really touched my heart was how he was such a gentleman, a great listener and cultured. Great qualities in a man! J
Q: Are there any ATMs (cash machines) in Australia? Can you send me a list of them in Brisbane, Cairns, Townsville and Hervey Bay ? ( UK )
Meanwhile, in a large fry pan over medium heat, warm 1 Tbs. of the olive oil. Add the almonds and toast, stirring, until crisp and golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate.
The Southern Cross drawing these eyes, I sort of melt into it.
* The girls have played outside for a large part of the day. One seasonal change
When it comes to spending time with her I don't hesitate to clear my schedule.
- Whah thah than? - Asks Party Time.
After the war he moved to Palo Alto with a friend that he had met at the Tule Lake internment camp. When I photographed James, he was 85 years old and still operating his own landscaping business. James and Taka were the first people I photographed who had been incarcerated at Topaz.
Chloe x
In the aroma, the crystal malts of the Pale overshadow the roasted malts of the Porter, but only barley ... barely. The slightly piney hops in the pale do make a difference in breaking through the thick malt. It's a bit too sharp in the spiky malts.
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 1:42 PM 0 comments
Pure, unadulterated joy is such a great feeling.
Well we finally have the time to close out our blog. The internet wasn't working the last two nights in Almaty so we never got to update anything. Then getting home with two boys that didn't speak English gave us no time for anything. We finally have a moment for a breather and want to close out our blog. Here's a recap of the final days and an update on how we are doing.
I can't recall where this one was recorded. There are only two songs on the actual studio part of the demo, but one is 6 mins, and the other is a fucking 8 minute long epic. I have no idea what we were thinking in writing songs that long, but here they are. The other three songs on the tape are live at the Shaker high school battle of the bands. The sound quality is pretty good. I think we won.. I forget, I got kicked out of the school before we were done playing.
to wait until I come back from the mall.' Then he
I suppose I first met Naomi Lewis at a publishing party about thirty-five years ago. Over the next three decades, she was always there, always the same, a tiny figure dressed in black (invariably) and always at the centre of a group of fascinated listeners.
Well, we have had a fun last few days.
but was down around my ankles the majority of the time.)
Another key area is research and development. Companies that embrace R&D have a better chance of developing products and processes that set them apart and give them an edge in the competitive global and domestic marketplace. The dollar can help here as well, by enabling cheaper purchases of some of the sophisticated equipment and technology necessary for world-class R&D.
The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) maintains the entire site, which includes the Pataleshwar Caves and the garden. However, for reasons best known to them, the ASI has not provided any information on the Caves apart from putting up signs at regular intervals to warn people from defacing or destroying the property.
People used to speak quite differently,and we must grow aware of how different it was,for we have to speak like that again,only on a different level of consciousness.
Second stage feels panicky, unreal. Yesterday you were working. Today, you are on the phone making sure everything you put in place is working fine. You will spend hours on the phone or by email double-checking that your bills, your mail, your doctors, your insurances, your investments are all accounted for. Then, even if you try to relax, you can't. You feel as though you committed a crime-of-sorts. You should't be home playing hooky from work. You feel useless, purposeless, empty.This stage can last a couple of months or more.
Sorry the photo is a bit Skewed. I was having the hardest time photographing this layout for some reason.
4) Standing in the direct sunlight with a 100 billion percent humidity is not conducive to watching a boat race.
(So there, Mother Nature!)
Language: Japanese audio, English subtitles
Until then, big hugs and take care,
The bigger problem though, is that corporate culture is not really anyone's responsibility at senior levels in large companies.
And there it was.
Nov, 20th: Schokoladen / Berlin (DE)
A Chelsea victory could have made the final day of the EPL very interesting with two teams battling for the title and Arsenal, Chelsea, Tottenham Hotspur and Newcastle having a good shout for Champions League presence next season. But the race now seems to be between Arsenal, Tottenham and Newcastle United,out of which only two would make it for the premier football club competition, if Chelsea lose the Champions league finals against Bayern Munich.
34And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad gave to that altar the name of Ed. For, they said, It is a witness between us that the Lord is God.
22 June
I was asked today if I was still doing my blog, and have to admit that I have been sadly lacking in writing anything. I have not even got a decent excuse except pure laziness !
But here's why floor vents really suck: they aren't screwed in. They can be easily lifted out by any pair of curious, trouble making hands. Which means anything that will fit in the hole in the floor- 4"x12" -usually ends up down in the duct work.
COMMERCIAL BREAK
From the screwtop bottle it pours a wan yellow-gold, the meagre head subsiding quickly to an uneven skim. It tastes slightly cidery, and not in a good way. Light on fizz, but that just adds to the wateriness.
This next one is made from the same blend, but dyed a multi-color purple, rust, even a bit of yellow. Each of these skirts take about 3 yards of fabric, and it's not cheap! But it's really amazing how these feel when you put them on. Half-circle style, with an attached waistband/ties with carriers around for multiple sizing. I also put pockets on the side of each one.
Mr. Clifton Winchester - Member
This is not the actual Murrumbidgee proper but a billabong. The whole area in and around North Wagga was under water in January. You can see how high the water had to get to come up and around the levies.
My plan did not include my now 14 yr old twins, but thankfully my Maker's plan did.
I've been a bit busy trying to sort out a job (which may be coming to fruition, with people I've worked with in the past!! and they still want to work with me again!!) and as the header says I was in Suffolk for the weekend so the poor old patch has been a bit neglected!! I do have a couple of bits of news from other sources, a MERLIN was seen yesterday at the castle and the LESSER SPOTTED WOODPECKERS were seen well. On the moth front a RED CHESTNUT was the highlight of three more nights trapping recently, it was found this morning.
Whee! We're on the home stretch now. Now to make a backing. I used the tangerine left overs in mine, between two pieces of IKEA flat sheet. If you're getting jack of it all (or have run out of chocolate) and just want to finish, go with a single large piece of fabric.
I have been hot on the birthday card trail. We have a serious bday problem around this time of year. My girls will be 7 and 14! Their bday makes me feel older than my own bday! Where does the time go?
What is it about the presence of external genitalia that turns people into anti-social misfits? Sure, your underwear is a little less comfortable. But that hardly seems like a good reason to launch a Nazi reign of terror across Europe.
I can still hear my mom. How mad she'd get when she'd find out that I had changed the positions of forks, knives, and spoons inside the kitchen drawer!
I grew up and moved far away, fell in love, got married and had kids of my own and missed them always and couldn't go home to visit as much as I wanted or even as much as I needed. I called often. It wasn't enough but it was the best I could do.
Linda's Bakery opened yesterday on Snowden River Parkway, and you should make an excuse to go try another spot for sweets in Howard County.
I don't know. I don't even remember your name.
And no, I did not start my house on fire the last time I burned stuff. I just almost burned down the deck.
She had never known
I'm debating purchasing a professional sprayer. I've been looking at a HVLP paint sprayer. It's going to cost $400-500 but will allow me to transform my 6 dining room chairs (and the test chair!) and as many as other pieces of furniture as I can get my hands on! Stay tuned!
people come, people go, I could die tomorrow
what roads we'll take, whose heart we'll break
Ouch.
(if you want something lighter, why not try a new "reality" show on itv - "the only way is essex". the definition of a guilty pleasure, but sometimes after a day of working, studying and lectures I'm so brain dead I can't digest anything else ;) anyone else watching this?...)
Spring is in the air folks and all around us there are signs of new life and colour. Just head on down to your local garden centre and you will see pots of daffs,tulips and hyacinths. One of my favourite spring blooms is the pansy and you may have noticed that these featured this week on my Spring Fold card. Today I thought I would share with you how I made them.
Let's start with the worst. And I mean the WORST EVER. Like, so bad I'm truly embarrassed to show this (but I am because it's funny how horrible it is).
2-8 The Idea Of Decline 4:24
Original Air Date: June 3, 2010
This is my parents with my sis and I. I think we all scrubbed up rather well - especially as after all the looking for clothes for the kiddies I just grabbed stuff out of my wardrobe for the day. At the beginning is a blog of the Sweetpeas.
Wearing the same shabby dress,
Lynne Hoppe For the most part I don't feel like I'm in charge of getting in the groove... its the groove that's in charge and it lets *me* know when we're ready to roll! Oh I can try and encourage it by looking through art books or walking in the woods, but if the groove isn't there, that isn't going to do much. I've always felt like the groove, or muse, is in charge, not me. And without it I can't even decide what colors to use, much less where to start.
1. Attaching them directly from your computer. For your photos to show in the message they must be less than 1mb (1,024kb) in size. If they are larger than 1mb they will show up as an attachment and anyone wanting to see the photo will have to click on the attachment to open it. For information on resizing your photos see this post: http://myfaqcricutds.blogspot.com/2010/12/resizing-pictures-to-upload-to-message.html
I. Have a member Read John 19:30.
The searing London August heat and a tube journey so painfully humid that it's final destination could have been Hades itself had left me extremely parched and in need of some liquid refreshment as I headed up from the bowels of the Underground oven and into the city centre sunshine.
yesterday. I've finally started working on painting that desk that was in there, so the nook
Baaaaa (like the sheep says)
Now go have fun writing your kind of story.
7) Alinea (Chicago, Illinois)
Mikkeller Centennial Single Hop IPA
When I write as Entrepreneur Chick, I ask myself: is that true?
Getting the Ron Paul is a lunatic on foreign policy point out of the way, I'd rather focus on Santorum and why I prefer him not only on foreign policy but on Constitutional and founding principles. For me, it comes down not only to the role of government but to the role of citizens in our Constitutional Republic. As such, I'm always uncomfortable with the libertarian (the near-anarchist version) view of a government so limited that heroine, prostitution, gay marriage, and who knows what else is legalized (as Paul states repeatedly, and with a nonchalant shrug, they should be).
It is warm and steamy today and as J is fishing I am trying to get some housework done, but my toe is now sore so the vacuuming will have to wait until tomorrow.
The native levy system was one which helped us conquer the Empire, the regiments so formed then going on to form the core of the post-colonial forces. And the best examples currently are the Pakistani and Indian Armies, living testament to our past military skills.
3) Defensemen
I'm still standing in one place, but looking around and wondering...
Elle on the other hand decided that the allergy bug would bite her today. She woke up sneezing and it just never quit. She was a trooper though! It did not stop her from demanding attention, and playing like a maniac.
NYX Eyeshadow Base White
decided to burn say a bible no let's make it a truck load would those
When NABC decided to take all the chips left on our table and bet the entire stash on the future prospects of Bank Street Brewhouse and its larger brewing system, with capacity four times the size of the original house brewery on Plaza Drive, it was an investment in our company, one that naturally we hoped would make the company stronger in terms of commerce. In short, we hoped to turn a profit by becoming more of a brewery.
The ANC has reacted to this denouement by trying to rein in the press and by frantic attempts to plug the damaging leaks which emanate regularly from its own ranks due to the exigencies of factional warfare. Gwede Matashe, the party's Secretary-General, frantically berates the "agents" and "fifth columnists" in the party's ranks who are "selling secrets". He even waxes indignant that press reports quickly appear with accounts of meetings of the party's "top six" officials - without, apparently, realising that this means that some within the top six are themselves leaking information. Naturally, Mantashe regards all this with the usual ANC paranoia, apparently oblivious of the fact that this is how all parties in democratic societies behave.
3. Volunteer
Here is the complete lineup in case you get lost along the way.
2 figures
Associations are sophisticated at the best of periods. Possibly you have feelings or perhaps definitely obsessed about somebody now, the day after tomorrow this all could change. now you get broke up with by your girlfriend, the day after tomorrow you choose your girlfriend back, but how would you win back your ex girlfriend? Absolutely nothing is in everyday life which could get you ready for a break up the only thing you can do is consider advice from those who have experienced this.
I said I agreed that they were touchingly portrayed: blind Homer, who narrates the story with nicely wry economy, has a touching affection for the increasingly mad brother who - in turn touchingly - cares for him, with his all-too sane insights into American society. Mark particularly liked Homer's account of Langley's assessment of the moon landings:
I have had this idea since I was student teaching a few years ago but for some reason never used it until this week.
So I'm out for a drink, just me and my dog beneath the evening stars,
Him: "But it was a goal"
He goes on to write about his "wonderful wife" who suffered judgment from women such as Dr Ford because they chose to be homemakers.
Speaking of being hurried out of this world: today is Soren Kierkegaard's birthday (1813-1855). On a bookshelf behind my chair sits a framed quote (I like to think of it as my prayer) by this Danish philosopher and theologian. I've included it in a previous post, probably two years ago now, but I'm re-posting it today not only as a way to honor him, but also to remind myself to pray for this daily and to live it more effectively:
Sure, most folks go on and on about the 1987 minis in the latest base offering, and sure they're pretty nice - especially the Reds, Tigers and Cubs in that insert set - but I was out of the hobby long before 1987 and have no personal connection to it or the reincarnation.
My excuse? Good, old-fashioned rest. I'm not trying to please the blogger world. I'm not going to come up with some masterpiece of words to distract you from the fact that I'm human. Because that bugs me terribly when I hear it from other bloggers sometimes.
There are those who love eggnog, and those who don't. My husband doesn't. My son said he's never had it. I'm right in the middle--I can take it or leave it. Years ago, I made it from scratch. It's a bit of work, takes a lot of eggs, but the bourbon spiked eggnog disappeared from the punch bowl. Then it hit me-- eggnog in pancake batter, instead of buttermilk!
Other - Black Pearls, Gelly Roll Glitter Pen
Today marks my last day of blogging everyday for a month as part of the National Blogging for A Month contest. I decided to do this from a place of inspiration and was so inspired that I decided to blog on two of my blogs everyday for the month of November! I'm happy to report that I did just that. Granted, the "requirements" were that we post something--anything--everyday for a month, so each post didn't have to be a work of art.
THEN, there are a host of other programs that are content-specific that I will summarize next week.
Well I have been on the road for business lately which means less crafty time :(
Another moment of "preparation" that has a lot of dramatic weight. Because it's a moment of "pause", there's a stillness that lets you look at his face and read emotions into it. Again, in moments of action, the faces of the characters tend to be contorted with effort and strain...which means you can't play deeper, more thoughtful types of emotions on their faces. When you're dodging a punch or firing a gun you can't be reflective or thoughtful, so the "Pulp Cover" kind of painting can never be that deep or subtle in the emotions they portray.
2. LONDON SCENE.
Inspiration Words: horizon, innocence, time--Use these words as jumping-off points for your journaling.
One final photo.....I love doing easel cards but I do find them difficult to photo!
Join us with your take on the current Sketch and you could win 3 of the newest digi release below.
Pain pills make me ill sometimes. Today was one of those times, and so I went back to bed.
"Already asked him. He told me to bleep my bleep with a bleeping bleep. Jerk."
May 10 - Mia Amber Davis, model/actress (Road Trip), 36
DRAIN THE CAN OF SALMON. SEASON SALMON WITH SALT AND PEPPER. ADD IN ONIONS AND CELERY AND TOSS. LIGHTLY BEAT AN EGG AND ADD TO THE MIXTURE. MIX WITH PANKO BREADCRUMBS, ADD MORE IF NEEDED. MOLD INTO 4 SMALL CAKES AND PLACE ON A PLATE. REFRIGERATE FOR 30MINS TO AN HOUR. THIS HELPS BIND THE CAKES SO THEY DON'T FALL APART WHEN YOU COOK THEM. IN A SKILLET HEAT A FEW TABLESPOONS OF CANOLA OR OLIVE OIL ON MEDIUM HEAT. ONCE HOT ADD THE SALMON CAKES. COOK ABOUT 4 MINUTES PER SIDE OR UNTIL NICELY BROWNED.
I must admit, if the older boys did this at nearly 2 I would more than likely crack it, sigh and tell them not to do that. Now, many years and babies later, I am more patient, but more than anything I see the funny side, and don't sweat the small stuff. I know how fast time goes by, how fast children grow. I choose to laugh. Life is much happier this way, for all of us.
In church last Sunday we continued with our sermon series on the Essential Jesus based on the Sermon on the Mount. The scripture reading for the day was Matthew 6:1-18.
Magnolia was made famous by the Sex and the City series. But back then I had no idea what cupcakes were, so I found out about Magnolia later, while looking for cookbooks about cupcakes and baking in general.
But, like i said, I wouldn't buy new. I like the old. It suits me.
We're free to watch films made in Iran, Spain, Chile and New Zealand. We can read award-winning novels written by writers from Columbia, Sweden, India and Nigeria. We're free to enjoy and admire the best of everything planet Earth has to offer. These countless and ever-increasing gifts are worth more than any nation's treasury, regardless of the original donor's colour or location.
Very rarely do I have the chance to do art demonstrations during signings. It was fun to share some of my newest paintings in the early stages of sketching and base paint. My hands like to stay busy so I was in my element!
Ohmygosh, I have missed blogging like anything! I've still been reading guys, so don't worry! And please don't kill me, I have a good reason for why I was gone. I've just survived the first few weeks of high school.
When announced casually in a June 2006 Guardian article, the Icelandic media had a field day. Had we only read headlines, or only read the papers, we would be sure Iceland was happy.
They just gave me blank stares. (Their Nana, on the other hand, thought this was hilarious!)
What's the difference between a critique partner and a beta reader?
Neither is this one.
I chose to write about the first moment I saw my husband. It is what began a love story that has lasted for twenty years. He is the love of my life and I am blessed every day.
As D&P have asked for a full house for future games, there is clearly a danger of some groups performing the songs which the club has made clear are not acceptable.
There are two Adhans for Friday Prayer. The first Athan is recited when the sun begins to decline and the second is recited just before the Imam stands up before the congregation to deliver his sermon.
93
I've had this freebie chart in my stash for a while, and immediately went to my Valentine themed pieces when deciding what to stitch for Elaine. The chart is about 70x70, which would have fit into the 6"x6" guidelines, but wouldn't have left much room. And since I rather enjoy stitching over 1, I stitched this piece over 1. Lany received it very quickly, so I am happy to share it with you now.
Boogie Wipes are a natural saline wipe that come in three varieties: fresh scent, grape, and menthol. As a mom of three young children, I really dislike fighting my kids to wipe their noses because other facial tissues are dry. The fact that these are moist wipes was a definite selling point for me. If you don't prefer the fresh scent, the grape and menthol are good choices too because the scent isn't too strong. The package has a snap lid, which helps the wipes stay moist and it is small enough to throw in your purse or diaper bag for on the go. I highly recommend this product to moms, parents, and caregivers of children all ages!
It was wonderful working with 25 singers again on this Christmas album.
The ocean means different things to different people. What does the ocean mean to you?
If you ever have a bone to pick with someone, make sure it's a marrow bone. It was this sight of marrow bone towers that excited me most when I arrived at the home of Mr and Mrs Pig Flyin' for our latest Stomachs Eleven adventure.
1. How Not To Be Seen. (Ode to Python) The Art of Camouflage.
In Brazil, free education is offered by the Ministry of Education. The Ministry offers scholarships for graduate degrees, masters, doctoral and post-doctoral for Brazilians and immigrants who have Brazilian citizenship. The best universities and research centers are public institutions, financed by either the local state or the federal government.
echoing down the avenue, arriving
Other - Border punch (Martha Stewart), Cricut Art Philosophy, Spellbinders Small Ovals, Spellbinders Labels 10, 3D foam tape
Waving goodbye with an absent-minded smile
computer up and running
People who beat themselves up are just the same as people who beat others up!
3. Add the wine to the saucepan, bring to a boil ad then reduce the heat to medium low. Add the heavy cream, shrimp, anise seeds, anise extract and cook in sauce for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the chopped parsley. Add salt and pepper, if necessary.
I would also like to run a block of the month/quilt-a-long type project but I'm not going to set that as a specific goal because it's waiting for creativity to strike first and you can't always rush that.
Thank you to everyone who entered! If you didn't win and still want something from Finditgames.com click HERE to order. Use code FIGBLOG to get $5 off your order good till July 31,2010 so hurry!!!
My whole trip to town was spent pondering how I would cope if the traffic lights perched on the first hill into town were red. Of course it was red, and I performed a particularly nasty version of a handbrake hill-start. I'm hopeful the driver of the small Festiva behind me has since recovered.
It has been a while since I posted how to crochet a project, so here it goes. Because it is the end of the school year, teachers and professors are grading everything in sight trying to get ready to submit grades. To show your appreciation, here is a simple amigurumi apple and worm. (Amigurumi World Seriously Cute Crochet By: Ana Paula Rimoli)
And closer to home:
I went to his wedding a few years ago, back when I first started dating Ross. I didn't really know anyone there. It was at Barr Mansion, and there was a seated stringed trio, and salad with pink dressing, and smiled anecdotes in the air about the couple and their courtship.
I realize my list is a little more focused on the female population of the world, but if you are a male and want to dive into this challenge, there are lots of possibilities for you, too! Some of these things like photography, technology, self-publishing are for either gender, and you could add things like preaching, construction...whatever your little heart desires! Hey, you could research knitting if you wanted, I won't tell. :)
It's a pen.
At the Book Fair, there had been useful seminars on how to put one's books on Kindle which makes me think maybe I should put all my old Ritz stuff on a Kindle book before Litchfield helps himself to my material. If I do decide to do this, I would have to use footnotes explaining who the Cafe Society figures in my old columns were, as most of them are long dead and forgotten.
There is no need to be afraid from your guardian angel because he is in this world to protect you not harm you in any way. They are sent to this world to shield you, guide you through rough paths, and make things easier for you. They will answer your prayers and protection will be provided to you in a most proficient ways. You can even talk to them and they will answer you back in human voice. However, you cannot see them, because they are angels. Just a desire to make contact with your Guardian Angels in meditation will be enough for you to succeed in it.
Such discussions over school lunches and healthy eating echo a larger national debate about the role government should play in individual food choices.
........and I'm so grateful that my country doesn't have nationalized healthcare or socialized medicine so I could get a hold of the drug off label and my government couldn't restrict me. I'm willing to bet getting a hold of Kaly in Australia, England and Canada for non-G551D patients will be nearly impossible. I already know of more than a dozen here in the States, and I'm sure there are more.
I love my eyes!
As I think about the stories I tell my students, I realize that many of them involve gender issues. So often my students, especially the 18-20 year olds, come to my classes believing that inequality between the sexes is a thing of the past, something their mothers and grandmothers had to contend with once upon a time. So I tell them my stories, and see if they think that's still true.
Speaking of camel toes...Anyone remember this song?
I am from the the big farm o'er the hill where cattle graze, and horses race a summer wind. From the brilliant color'd change of seasons where sweetness flows in sun-drenched mighty maple groves the cool night wind has kissed.
Rand: How many times could we go to RedBox for the same amount?
Somewhere in the heat of all the frustration and media stoked rage, the President weighed in. He informed us if he had a son he would look like Trayvon. He passed on the opportunity to call for cooler heads, or to denounce the hype and hyperbole of race baiters like King Louie Farrakhan who tweeted a not so veiled threat about retribution and some good old fashioned eye for an eye payback.
The line wraps around the entire block, with job hopefuls wrapped in blankets and sleeping in tents. Many people in line aren't working, or want the benefits of a union position.
Yesterday afternoon, a bus from that same school was hit head-on by a car containing a family of four. The two children attended the same school. The family perished in the wreck, 31, 30, 9 and 6 gone in an instant. The car crossed the center line and speed was determined to be a factor in the wreck. I process that as a preventable death. Why was he speeding, what could have been so important to rush and why didn't they just leave 5 or 10 minutes earlier to avoid being so rushed? How come the parents weren't wearing their seat belts but their children were? The grieving team has been deployed to this school, again, fifteen days later.
little Art at the end of the hallway in a smoke-filled alcove. A
Though the ironic truth is, in Knoxville blacks and whites together will be standing behind the Christian and Newsom families, loathing the atrocities done to these two young people, and praying for stern justice to be served.
Another issue that I am dealing with is when I tell them that I am not interested (nicely, of course), they get all butt-hurt and start insulting me. Mehh..
Machine washable and dryer safe
aesthetic excess, OK? OK, I
at the clock with no hands that go round
They created these cute bird characters for a pilot TV show, The Tweets! We love how they get into so much mischief!
Also announced is The Elder Scrolls Online. In development at Zenimax Online for the past 'several years', the game will be set a thousand years before the events of Skyrim and see three factions fighting for control of Cyrodiil and the entire continent of Tamriel. Based on the Game Informer article, it sounds like the entire continent of Tamriel will be available for players to traverse and fight over. To be honest, it sounds a little MMORPG-by-the-numbers, but then few settings would suit that as well as the Elder Scrolls world. The game will be released in 2013 on PC and Mac.
does not bounce around.
For the Lord, who is jealous of his honour, will accept the last even as the first. He giveth rest unto him who cometh at the eleventh hour, even as unto him who hath wrought from the first hour.
Warm breath in her ear,
Fred Rogers has been doing the same small good thing for a very long time
Since our first frost last year, I have squandered away several hours studying that tree for any evidence of the neon-bright green needles that only the earliest-sprouting of springtime cypress trees have. I know the old Cajun folks around Arnaudville had their ways to tell if winter was truly over, my grandparents waited for the pecan tree leaves sprouted before they planted any spring vegetables, and I know some folks wait until they saw their first springtime robin.
What about life makes you feel like hiding? Is it consistent pressure, unrelenting demand? Is it fear?
For your paperwork you can use a variety of methods to file and organize these so that you can access all of your information readily. There are, of course, filing cabinets which is one of the best but if this is not suitable for you then get some lever arch type files or cardboard archive boxes. For the information that you need to refer to often, you can use plastic display folders.
Through Kiva, you can loan as little as $25 to an entrepreneur in one of 60 countries. The entrepreneur will pay you back over time, which means that you can re-loan that $25 again and again. Your gifts are literally multiplied! How cool is that?
The casual availability of images now is both a blessing and a curse. It makes me treasure each image a little less, perhaps because I haven't spent so much effort on the hunt. Still, I'm grateful to be able to find so many digital images in cyberspace. But I have faith that there's much more to be discovered. The internet may be a million miles wide, but it's only an inch deep when it comes to some artists who have yet to arrive from obscurity.
The United States was the champion of liberty and freedom throughout the world. Before this time no nation in history ever had a written constitution that guaranteed the liberty and freedom of its people. But the glorious beginning of this country was to be corrupted in later years. The gentle, gracious, freedom-loving character of the United States in its youth was later used as a facade to hide the character that this country subsequently developed. This facade has successfully kept hidden, even from most of its own citizens, the real character the United States developed in these last days as a result of Jesuit infiltration and subversion.
Here's another one of those "difficult" cards to make, but this time it's not a masculine card. It such a struggle to make a sympathy card because of the emotion involved - there's just no way to turn a few pieces of cardstock and some ink into an expression of what I'm feeling. I can only hope the recipients receive a small measure of comfort that I was thinking of them, and keeping them in my prayers.
See, here they come now all in a froth
We are told it cures a hangover but of course we at Nacho Mom's wouldn't know. :-) LOL
They stood hand in hand gazing at their new acquisition. The big lottery win had got them the house they had dreamed of.
Products used: Tim Holtz embossing folder, Brusho watercolours, Colorbox chalk ink, vivid dye ink, Line Art rugby stamp by Inka Stamp, cardstock (stash), Indigoblu stamps, Distress Stains (fired brick, picket fence and faded jeans) and Tim Holtz Alterations ticket strip die.
Well she is getting her 15 minutes sure. She reminds me a bit of the "ugly duckling" who is an anti porn crusader. You know the type. Mean, shrill, and just not real easy on the eyes. They are only in the anti porn business because well...no one much would be interested in seeing them in the nudie movies. Or so they think. This bothers them a little bit. This Fluke is in this "demanding birth control" business for much the same reason I betcha. In order to need birth control, well, there must be someone willing to do the evil deed with her (so to speak). Probably not a whole lot of fellas willing to go that far. At least while sober. Yes Yes I understand she admits to being well sexed; but could that just be a little smidgen of wishful thinking? Something in the realm of fantasy perhaps?
Some jokes just aren't funny, and context is important - but a strong reaction, or rather lack of it, seems to show just what is important to our masters.
Of earthly binds and even false trust.
Life is full of learning. Hopefully we as adults strive to learn something new everyday. I know I do, and that helps to not only fill up my knowledge tank but makes me feel alive. I'm constantly teasing Matthew that he is full of useless knowledge.... but I will say, every time he opens his mouth I learn something new.
Live Oak Wet Hop Oaktoberfest - cask-conditioned firkin - 5.8% ABV
Easter was different this year. And it was the same. Thank you, God, for being the same yesterday, today, and forever. I need to remember the song from the Easter service on this and every Monday -
'My dear chap, not another word, I promise.'
Oh man, I completely digressed. I really hate it when that happens.
Ry Torhan, the youth pastor at The Gate, and his wife, Heather, went to see the Harlem Globetrotters. Ry gets along well with everyone. When he sat down next to a man who was there with his family, they quickly hit it off. At halftime an official for the team invited the man and his family to follow him. A few minutes later they returned, weighed down in complementary Globetrotter gear. Before the team rep left he invited the family to the VIP room after the game to meet the players and to get their autographs.
Sound pretty bad doesn't it? But check out what other climateologists have to say. I suggest you read this
"Maybe it's a perfect storm," he said of the Trayvon Martin tragedy.
B lue-grey skies across the lane
Of my one heart guitar
01. Ghost on the Dance Floor
When Power House Development, Inc. began building on a vacant lot at 1824 Diamond St. the company had no idea the lot was part of the Diamond Street Historic District or that it would have to build the house in accordance withPhiladelphia Historical Commission guidelines.
If you watched it you will see what I mean. But did you also see how it is a piece of theatre, rather than a closely reasoned argument? He presents us with a view of human progress which, to condense Jeremy's argument, equates pretty much with increased energy consumption! Ergo, we must keep up the energy level! And then he pulls a whole lot of techno-speak out of the air, equating distributed information with distributed energy generation (see, one works, so the other must too!) and sketching out a sexy-sounding future with the whole world of little home generators linking together, busy making their contribution to the betterment of the human species! The young people know all about this kind of stuff 'cause they're on Facebook and Twitter! So lets get them all going on it.
Preheat oven to 350. Grind the graham crackers and 1/2 cup oats together. Combine in a mixing bowl with the remaining oats, flax meal and cinnamon. Puree approx 1/2 of the can of pie filling. Mix apple puree with milk and eggs in a separate mixing bowl. Once well combined, beat in the remaining fruit filling. Mix the wet and dry ingredients until all oats are moistened and well distributed. Pour in to an 8x8 baking dish that has been sprayed with pan spray, bake 20-40 minutes or until cooked through.
Stamp the heart with the arrow on one hip like a tattoo! Or stamp it on the sign to give them a Valentine card to hold.
Another breakfast cookie!! This one was divine as well. Made with a mashed banana and then I had an extra pack of mixed nuts my boyfriend saved me from his oatmeal at sheets. LOVE HIM:)
And Queen of Angels.
Curtis Fuller: Bebop trombone great Curtis Fuller had already led dates for Prestige, Blue Note, Savoy and Epic and joined the Jazz Messengers when he waxed his only two leader dates for Impulse in the early 1960s, Soul Trombone (with fellow Messengers) and Cabin in the Sky (arranged by Manny Albam).
I am alive and well, waiting for you. Do not worry, I shall come to your side as soon as you call.
I wrote pages and pages of scenes, dialogue, locations, narratives. The words came to me faster than my hand could write. I hadn't felt this inspired since the night five years ago when I had my first idea - also around 2:00 am.
Next I grabbed my nail gun and began to connect the peices. (There were actually staples loaded so I just used those, they worked the same). I used wood glue for reinforcement.
*Our beloved babysitter got a great job and is off for greener pastures.
Jews May Lie to Non-Jews, Baba Kamma 113a. Jews may use lies ("subterfuges") to circumvent a Gentile.
This is the last post for my Photo a Day series for the month of April. I will have to decide if I want to continue this series for May. If you have an suggestions they would be appreciated. Do you like my series?
Telepathy...I could avoid a person based on their thought process.
letting others upload photos,
I've also been busy squirrelling away jhoozing up author David Gaffney's website copy- and layout/navigation-wise (it needed some streamlining), and you can now feast your eyes upon my hours of toil here. I'm pretty pleased with the end result, and David hasn't yet ex-communicated me, so I guess he's ok with it too. So, if you need a website planning and writing and even building, you know where to find me.
I made card with Kraft card and the backing card is a dark burgundy I think i got from paper mill
You've bettered my life in so many ways, but one big one is you've made me healthier. I haven't had fast food or anything too "fake" since you started eating with me. You are such a great eater; so far you haven't rejected anything I've tried. Pesto tortellini. Crab-stuffed sole. Turkey meatballs. Chimichurri salmon. Brussel sprouts. Peas. And of course, coconut sorbet.
On the other hand, there are beautiful, women friendly mosques that inspire me and expose me to leaders and scholars that help empower women and allow me to become acquainted with others (women AND men). Together we strive for the betterment of our community, which is what Islam is all about. I jump up excitedly when we go.
Or more specifically, a meadow tucked behind the herodium; a rocky outcrop swarming with the late afternoon crowds. I followed a Greek family loaded up with their Easter Sunday picnic to the gap in the fence, and left the garbage-strewn cliff for a sweet piece of solitude.
Zucchini Pancakes
I found that little gem in my readings (A dialogue between collaborators -- composer Kevin Volcans interviews Siobhan Davies) and I love it. I love it, I love it, I love it! It doesn't necessarily have anything to do with my analytical paper, but I don't mind. It's amazing all on it's own and I'm glad I found it. Siobhan Davies seems pretty fantastic and I'm kind of ashamed and surprised that I didn't know of her earlier.
Does that answer your question?
Don't laugh. When the "majority" took over in South Africa, the first targets were our national symbols.
How often, in my strive to be proper and graceful, do I forget to have fun?
Level 4: MP Cost: 10, Attacks up to 4 enemies, Damage: 97%, Attacks the enemies 4 times.
www.teriscraftspot.blogspot.com
Admission is $5 per child. Proceeds benefit Washington City Missions, non-denominational, Christian social services organization, which provides critically needed goods and services to homeless, poor and needy of Western Pennsylvania without regard to race, color, creed, national origin or religion. For more information, call (724) 222-8530.
Rachel Martin has been working for the FBI as a psychic consultant for years now, but psychics get no respect in the police department and Rachel hears the whispers behind her back. At work and at home she tries to play down her psychic abilities, telling everyone that she's a crime scene expert and that she's simply good a puzzles. But she can't get rid of her reputation - the 'loony lady'.
On the day she left, I planted the tree. I brought the poor, feeble twig home from work at the Conservation Department to a barren house.
So to recap, hone in on the architecture and the complimentary landscape style. And "see" your chosen plants in a form that fits in with your scheme. Did this help you? Do you feel better informed when visiting the garden center? Any questions? Yes I used to teach landscape design and am used to asking at the end, "any questions?" But I am serious, ask away!
Under United Express agreements for SkyWest Airlines and ExpressJet Airlines, SkyWest recognizes revenue at a fixed hourly rate for mature engine maintenance on regional jet engines and SkyWest recognizes engine maintenance expense on its CRJ200 regional jet engines on an as-incurred basis as maintenance expense. During the quarter ended March 31, 2012, CRJ200 engine expense under these agreements increased $5.7 million to $21.5 million compared to $15.8 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, as a result of increased engine overhaul expense due to the timing of scheduled engine maintenance events. SkyWest was reimbursed approximately $9.4 million and $8.2 million for engine overhaul expense, under its United Express agreements, in each of the periods ended March 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
Marge and Lola, having won a talent contest in the previous book (recapped in photos on the title page) are off on tour with Elvis Poultry! At their first stop, McDoodle's Barnyard however, Marge and Lola freeze up. They try everything, but nothing works and they flop at barnyard after barnyard. They're about to be sent home when they remember what's most important and know just what they're missing and on their next stop at Dale's Dairy Farm, they moooove the cows - and Elvis Poultry too.
I completed my NaNoWriMo 50,000 words in about 3 hours shy of 7 days. Finishing the novel (which topped out at about 63,500 words, first draft) took another week, but I polished that off on Monday.
Nancy Oakes is a Toronto-based artist and has exhibited at artist-run centres and public and commercial venues including Propeller Centre for the Visual Arts, A.W.O.L. Gallery, Lehman Leskiw Fine Art, Visual Arts Centre of Clarington (Clarington Gallery), Toronto Outdoor Art Exhibition and Gallery 1313. Her drawings were included in the First National Juried Drawing Exhibition at White Water Gallery and Drawing 2012 at the John B. Aird Gallery. Her walking drawing practice was featured on CBC Radio's "Here and Now".
"The big fight tomorrow? You can count me in!"
A) Almost as if their brains work synchronously, the Chinese people decided to start acting out because God clearly doesn't love them as much.
The key to a good relationship is surely A Good Sense of Humour!
#1 - Today I will be taking chocolate cupcakes with chocolate gold coins on top and juice to her class along with the Build A Bear "ducky" that she asked for!
If you're not in the NYC area, don't fret-Warby Parker will ship you 5 frames of our choice for free for you to try on at home. If you're having trouble, you can even post pics of yourself on their Facebook page and the masses can assist in your choices. That in itself is amazing.
The staiths were constructed of, generally, 13 inch x 13 inch pitch pine, jointed with bolts and straps in the usual openwork construction. The structure was in three parts; a substructure of piles driven into the mud on which were superimposed trestles, braced in both directions creating 98 frames at approximately 5.3m. Centres, and above this ran double thickness longitudinal timbers supporting a deck and track beams. The deck sloped at a gradient of 1 in 85 down toward the landward. The staiths were the last working timber staiths on the Tyne. They were severely damaged by fire during the night of 19/20 November 2003.
Granted my view is tainted by years of betrayal and lies, but I feel more married to my new guy than I have ever felt to the WASband. Fred is more of a husband than the WASband ever was. I love him like crazy and am thankful every day that he is in my life.
Serve with chopped corriander or Thai basil leaves and spring onions!
her personality wiped blank,
"A new method for tracking pathways of humans searching for wild, edible fungi" discusses the best way to use GPS to track mushroom foraging behaviour of the Nahua in Mexico. The paper contains a trail of one forager, notice the change in altitude in a 5-hour trek.
Shall vanish one by one;
To be in with a chance of winning the prize this week you will need to upload your card using inlinkz.com by 8pm GMT on Wednesday 15th February 2012.
Again, the "V" started with the same basic cuts. I used some pearls from the $1 section at JoAnn's as an accent, and I added them using Glossy Accents. The bird on the small pennant is from the Tim Holtz collection, and I stamped it with Versamark, then embossed it with super fine black embossing powder. The small pearl accents were cut from a pearl spray I got at Michael's. I used part of it here, and part on the "E" I made the flowers with textured cardstock, and then sprayed them with my Copic Air Brush System. The crown and wing accents are from Making Memories. The heart paper clips was a gift, and the bling is from Kaiser Craft. The silk flowers are from Heidi Swapp.
Amanpour: you used to be the sanest
*If it were possible, would you want to know the day you were going to die? no.
Mekons - Original Sin - 1985
The motivation, while incomprehensible to the ordinary man, is nonetheless urgent and real. The malefactor becomes the creature of his own deeds. Once the transition has been overpassed a new set of standards comes into force. The perceptive malefactor recognizes his evil and knows full well the meaning of his acts. In order to quiet his qualms he retreats into a state of solipsism, and commits flagrant evil from sheer hysteria, and for his victims it appears as if the world has gone mad.
And to finish a picture below of me in some of my new clothes, its not the best shot of me no idea what my hair is going but the clothes look good! It was taken at a launch I went to in London last week for a fabulous kids project I am looking after called The Land of Sometimes.
Last friday I made a pissa ( No '-'s again on this puter! Here it is so you can know what I am talking about! I made the base too, and it turned out quite tasty. The topping had artichokes, peppers we had grown ourselves, fresh herbs from the garden, and plenty of stick on the hips cheese of course! Oooh and tuna, it was delish!
He wrote a script on them for Heraclitus but showed it to Omar Khayyam
And it took me two weeks of intense and exhausting work to suddenly have an epiphany of what my book is about. I had thought about all kinds of different themes - truth, love, validation, hope, etc. But then today it hit me, my book is about FREEDOM! It's about being free from the prison of abuse, the prison of the aftermath of abuse, which can last a lifetime. And only you can make the choice of breaking free of that prison, to release the shame by speaking your truth. I'm beginning to realize that writing this book, may just open up a prison for me too.
in color that will remain till the skin wears away.
There was MP Cheryl Gallant who compared abortion to a beheading. Then MP Randy White said the Conservatives would overrule the courts on same sex marriage.
Not true, of course.
An Illinois band. Most of the members had been playing together in bands for several years; Bakalar and Kerestes since March 1965.
Husband's school won an award! A big one--his building is one of 4 in the nation named a School of Promise by the Milken Foundation. They had no advance warning and no hints this was going to happen, so it was pretty dramatic. I had a feeling this was going to happen, and not just because I am married to an amazing man who happens to be an amazing administrator. I knew it because the work begin done at that school is impressive. When they announced the name of the school (the first one announced--yee haw!), I jumped to my feet along with the rest of the group from our district, screaming and cheering and clapping. But a small part of me wanted to holler, "I told you so!"
And the queen took a trip with the czar.
Rod: 3.47
Over in the vegetable patch there is more honour to be piled upon The Man of the Place. Earlier, using this machine:
Julie saw from the beginning that I was more interested in the creative process than in churning out the news. She was also, I realize, my muse and mentor. When I wrote stories, I wrote for Julie because I knew she was reading and appreciating. She encouraged me when she saw that I was writing against the wind, struggling to make the paper a worthwhile entity. When we did our first focus group many people showed support. But then the reality set in that a newspaper runs on advertising dollars. The uphill battle had begun.
Add warm water to the (rice+lentil+fenugreek seeds) mix so that it is well soaked. I prefer having about an inch of water on top because the grains expand when they absorb water.
* The authors did not include the Staten Island sites because they are vulnerable to looting.
As I write this, it is not so much the elegant ripple of oil and water I imagine we may evolve to. No, today it is more like waves and lurches. They touch, they part, they wobble and roll. They are not in balance because I am not yet in balance.
George Eliot. I'd want to discuss her books with her, mostly Middlemarch, and hear her thoughts on them.
Scenario 2: Johnny and Mark get into a fistfight after school.
OK. Ready? Fasten your seat belts because here we go! :)
1 tbsp amaretto liquer, plus extra for soaking the sponges
Education Requirements:
Hmmm...about that fire. No matches. There are several ways to start a fire without matches. Flint and steel requires two things we didn't have: flint and steel (btw, pocket knives are made of stainless steel, which doesn't work very well for a spark - you need plain old rusty steel for that). And fire by friction (rubbing sticks together) is just way too much work. There are ways to make it easier, but they all require materials we didn't have. Hmmm, how else can we make a fire?
However, this is 30% less than scientists had previously thought. Greenland and Antarctica are melting as much as experts expected, but the rest of the world was a surprise. The biggest discrepancy was in Asia.
Rules of Surrender is a delightful first book to the series Governess Brides.
"Oh" I said. "Oh, bugger."
Here's what you need to slipcover your own purse:
That you were too ashamed to say.
If you don't have the Unity Stamp of the Week why on earth NOT? You totally need it. Yes, it's a stamp a week...delivered right to your door...sometimes it's even a couple of stamps! Ummmm so much Unity goodness I just don't know how you can say no...well yes, I do know the many, many reasons you can say no...but spoil yourself! It's sooo worth it.
However sometimes we do have trouble staying in a fight when we find that our standards-bearers seem more interested in stepping out of the ring to cut deals with our enemies than in, y'know, bearing our standard.
Well HE rolled into town
Fax: (770) 951-0933
GIVE-AWAY coming SOOOOOON! - stay posted!!!!!
9. Drive smart. Choose a fuel-efficient car. Find out what your most fuel-efficient speed is and stick to that on highways. Aggressive driving habits like speeding, rapid acceleration, and hard breaking waste gas. If you can, load things in the trunk and not on the roof rack. A roof rack creates drag and slows you down. Take the time to clean out your car. The junk in your back seat or trunk means extra weight, and extra weight means wasted fuel.
Weekday sessions to choose from:
Yesterday when I came home, the GF was out on the deck grilling and crying. Now, I have yet to see her really cry like this. And my blood boiled. I had just sent the sister an invite to a surprise birthday party for my GF and of course I feel like her sister picking a fight had a little something to do with that. She is jealous of the time we spend together and will use her children as pawns in the relationship. Denying my GF access and visits with her niece and nephew and almost in the same sentence accuse her of not coming to see them enough.
Simply make a card or other project with some sort of bug on your project.
Eliss is his friend. He wrestles for a moment, with himself, with his witch training.
Lets shift our prayers to this:
Fill woodstove
and stews. My favorite supper was turkey meatloaf, but I also liked chicken and broccoli. It was special good with a little brown rice.
6. Malcontents rioting in the streets
Like everyone, I figured I could leave all this to some indefinite point in the future. I assumed that I would be living, if not forever, then very nearly so; at least, indefinitely and for a really long time. So the list languished, and there it might have remained if not for cancer, when suddenly it started to dawn on me that I might never get to do any of it. And if nothing else, there was going to be a long time when none of it was possible. It's one thing to procrastinate; entirely another to live with restrictions and disability.
I suddenly couldn't sleep anymore from sleep apnea. If I fell asleep other than on my side, I would wake up choking. This was from the weight gain (much of it is in my face and the rest all on my arms and stomach- I can't tell you how many times people have asked me when I'm due).
WARNING! THE FOLLOWING MAY BE CHRONOLOGICALLY INACCURATE DUE TO MY TERRIBLE MEMORY!
Just about the only big news from the weekend is that I won $275 in a Super Bowl pool yesterday! That was exciting. I'm sure my winnings will all be spent on the individual pictured above..
archetypes of wild women, Bush connects with that part of
Studios are getting better. We have some very talented engineers. I think we are missing some of the "retro" stuff. But my generation is making up for that and bringing it in.
What if we spin it a different way and say that Old Man Jenkins has always been a vegan, even before being a vegan was cool.. and he has a knack for experimental biology and cross-pollination.. and he is dedicated to creating an edible grass that can be grown in arid locations but that will provide the same nutritional benefit as a steak dinner.. it's so revolutionary that Countries in Africa can feed an entire city with no more space required than the size of a soccer field, something that already exists in Africa in abundance. HOWEVER, his "meat-grass" has been found out by the FDA and the Cattlemen's Beef Association, and they'll stop at nothing to keep him from successfully harvesting his grass, even sending in spies who look like children to stamp out his crop. So here is Old Man Jenkins, with the dietary health of the world on his shoulders, trying to stop an army of evil super spy-kids from stomping out the discovery of the century.
Of course, with the same players, a fairly straight retelling wouldn't be much fun, so go with one of the weirder reboot ideas...
Reheat the wok and pour in 1/2 tbsp of oil. When it is hot add the garlic, green beans and scallions. Stir fry for 2 minutes without letting the garlic burn. Add the noodles and cook for 2 more minutes, stirring constantly. Add the meat to the wok and cook until heated through, 1 or 2 minutes. Pour in the remaining soy sauce, vinegar and oil. Cook until hot, about 3 minutes.
Amber is the creative mind behind the blog. She designs beautiful quilts (just look at the quilts on her blog header!), tutorials and shares her huge talent with her readers. Her patterns are available for purchase, and she has a regular feature called "Sew Inspiring Rooms".
Level 30: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 20%.
Which means we have 2 winners this time! So we popped our numbers into mr Random and for our 1st prize from Dis digis the lucky winner is ........57 Claire
Conserving, I continued on, forcing my way in for some water at the next few aid stations.
Say break and steak, but bleak and streak;
At the end of the day, I consider myself Puerto Rican. Nothing else to it. And I will continue to try to discover what that means to me, and why I feel connected to those roots.
let me tell you one thing that really piss me off so badly.
Yours etc
Women: What about the Parisian women? Quite the bag of 'tude eh? Or are we the ones who require re-wiring?
Heavier now the rain is falling
The warning really chaps Ms. Nunn's hide. Periodically, she emails Writer Beware, or gets others to email us, trying to find out exactly what we know (or possibly to tempt us into making actionable statements). The emails usually purport to be from anxious writers researching the company--but certain key details and questions (such as a request for the case numbers of the police investigations of which ABP has been a target) tip us off to who's really responsible.
This is one of the many conch shell dumping grounds on Grand Bahama Island. There are literally tens of thousands of shells here in this one pile.
Tyson Gibb, a senior studying new media, is an example of whom Sanders was describing.
The schemers of rhymes, of their wordplay I see past
you stop a kiss to bite my chin
Work is busy. Next week we have a probationers' in service training so that will be a bit of a break.
6. Eat salads with vinegar. Forgo fatty dressings, cheese, and croutons.
passage and the opportunity to walk all over my morality.
The other night, Frank was watching that new zombie series on AMC, "The Walking Dead." At one point, a ~10yo boy spots his zombified mother outside the house. He bursts into tears, and his father tries to quiet him because, hey, if the zombies hear them, things are going to get ugly. What was interesting was that the scriptwriters chose to have the father respond compassionately. He snuggled his son close, spoke in loving tones, and offered the boy a pillow so he could cry into that.
The end of the year is right around the corner!
Antony Billington
That is about it for today. Have fun and I will try to be back soon.
from Broadway to the Hudson and the traffic came and returned.
Disney Prep & Landing: Naughty vs. Nice ... ABC Family ... 7:30 PM
(9) Turning it in the hand and viewing it from different angels, as it were, the Hebrew poet could more fully demonstrate its latent significance.
She nodded. "It has been pretty warm out."
I'm learning just how old I really am these days. I have the desire to go out and dress up and have a good time, but I have no desire to get up and actually do it. I mean, it's 9:14 on a Friday night and I'm at home. I'm single! I should be out painting the town red. But I'm perfectly content hanging at home watching a movie or taking a hot bath. I could totally go to bed any time. I know... it's pathetic.
Suck eyeball juice!
...This CD lives up to the high standards that Dr. Tintner and Naxos have set. I heartily recommend the entire series to all those who are unfamiliar with the composer and to comparative "Brucknerheads".
- What is the payout percentage of Bonus/variable pay by competitors?
Archbishop of New York Cardinal Hayes, once dazzled, now condemned the mayor's amoral ways, opening the flood doors for others to lay the city's problems was Walker's feet. Eventually the accusations reached the ear of governor Franklin D. Roosevelt.
So why am I talking about the mundane subject of taking your rubbish to the tip? Thoughts about the link between the process of coaching and rubbish removal were inspired by a tweet today.
The run had a lot of rolling hills through downtown Nashville. The views were pretty stunning and it was nice to run with a friend. We just talked and joked around while I continued to monitor the pace. I have a pretty bad problem of starting too early so I wanted to make sure I started slow so I could finish strong. The race weaved around the Vanderbilt campus, and through neighborhoods with plenty of college students out enjoying their morning. Many people at this stage of the race were enjoying Mimosas and various morning cocktails. It appeared everyone was enjoying themselves and this helped the mood of the runners.
We currently tax American jobs in two ways. Taxing your job only once would actually increase tax revenues over time by increasing the total number of American jobs and increasing wages, and thus income tax revenues.
11.30am / 12:30pm / 1:30pm / 2:30pm / 3:30pm / 4:30pm
When the toilet-paper roll is barren, you resort to Kleenex (-1)
My parents, much to my ambivalence, did not grow squash this year. I was not so much disappointed that I wouldn't be pulling a muscle or two reaching for a 4-inch marrow before it grew to a foot, but that the pilgrimages through the marketplace for the blossoms made me just as sore and stressed. I'd grabbed up a serendipitously found box of them several weeks ago, and decided, like most first timers, to prepare a fritto misto, rather than stuff and fuss and possibly ruin them.
The Police Public Relations
Bodybuilders need to eat such a large amount of food, which will work hand-in-hand with their training, to help their bodies progress and continue to improve whether they are cutting or bulking up.
BELOW: Anti-abolitionist riots kept the city on edge during the 1830s
Well I knew it.
I think my first project from the book will be something easy after all the cray adapting of patterns I have been doing of late. The Eco Shopper seems like a good easy project and who doesn't need a gizillion bags?
2 participation
1/2 cup white wine
Sometimes, hysterical!
In addition, homestay programme participants procured an additional income of RM15.7mil against the RM14mil target set for the year.
and madrassa Islamic schools to preach hate in Australia , New Zealand ,
I rather like all the new action in the stairway... and I can't wait till I get my new junk parcel in the mail and pretty the area up with that. Come on package! :)
I went back and forth about how to celebrate this fun occasion. I've decided that I want to use this week to reflect on the ups and downs of this whole crazy world of crafting. If you're not so interested in the whole "reflecting" thing - I'll also have a couple of giveaways and lots of projects too. I hope you'll hang out with me and celebrate a year of the good, the bad and the ugly - and boy have their been some uglies - which brings me to today's reflection.
Crystal Jade Korean BBQ
* Rain in the evening after a very hot day
I decided to colour a Bugaboo digi image for this one and use the "Dear Santa" stamp again. I had bought some Christmas stamps but didn't get around to using them (my 8yr old got lots of use out of them though ... you can check out her blog here). I like the idea of taking a general stamp and turning it into a Christmas card with the colouring, design of the card and the embellishments ...
I am so happy to be back and visiting Our Craft Lounge as the artist of the month (still pinching myself!). Today I am excited to show a sample using the beautiful stamp set: Fishing with Dad which is perfect for all the men in our lives! This one I made for my dear FIL who loves to fish - whether it be in the summer or in the winter (in a house on a frozen lake!). I love the sentiment: "To the best fisherman" - and the stamps remind me of the stories that my DH tells me of the summer he went up fishing to Canada with his dad.
I'm so excited I was able to do all 15 sketches!! :)
I came up with a solution.
It is pretty cool....it really does look like a piece of art. His little face now stares at us while we watch TV. I am excited because this is the beginning of a photo wall that has been 1,000 years in the making. I am shopping on West Elm today for frames and will, of course, keep you guys updated. I promise!
Combine eggs, sugar, lemon juice and butter in top pan of a double boiler placed over simmering water. Beat mixture constantly until thickened, about 15 minutes. Allow lemon curd to cool slight then stir in lemon extract, cream and mint leaves. Cover and refrigerate until very cold.
I wonder, too, how this group is funded? What is the Constitutional authority for such a group? Asking such questions is undoubtedly considered 'xenophobic' or 'extremist' these days.
I visit Grandma once every 2 weeks or so. I take Emmaline to see her (it's an hour+ drive) in the nursing facility where she lives now. She can only handle a 20 minute visit but it's worth the drive to see her and to allow Emmaline to know her Great Grandmother.
Ted Baker: piano
the moon never actually changes, it is only
2-22-2012
Sliced white bread - 10
I must feed her, me, you: and love
Other random pics from the last 24 hours or so:
To me the music itself conveys alternating moods of joy and sadness. It seems that way and about three quarters through sheer desperation gains prominence until just before the end when the tempo picks up again the mood changes for the last time to a feeling of hope and joy. Well that's how it affects me. Hope you like it.
That is a full and happy bag and worth every ounce of dragging it around the city. It's nice to have a choice in the arsenal and good to know that there are writing options as the needs comes up. I haven't given up my electronic friends though...also in my bag are two laser pointers, a stylus, laptop, iPad 2, wireless mouse, Garmin GPS and about 20 GB's of storage. If the Stationary Apocalypse ever comes, I will be prepared.
Backwards mask, get your autograph and your suicide pact
In this CF awareness month it is important to recognize the countless ways that cf affects a life. Whether it is causing grief to a family, diminishing lung function, or silently festering in the bodies of those who have yet to experience some of its worst effects.... cf awareness must be spread. Why? Because the more people who know what a horrible and unfair disease cf is, the more people we have on our team fighting back through supporting research, donating to the cause, and being by our sides in our battle with this illness. This month, I will be handing in my registration for my 2nd Falmouth Road Race running for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. I'll run for the people who aren't as lucky as me, I'll run for my future and for the future of all CFers, and I'll run as a way of showing cf that we aren't giving up.
TH: So we both make a few more moves but at some point we diverge. We take different roads. Ok?
Blood-shot eyes and soaked through, slipping, then upright, not fully because as he tries to meet the challenge the wind signals its anger at such a show of defiance and pummels his body into bended submission.
Helen Steiner Rice puts it this way:
We met Brady for first-day ice cream. They had a blast and by the time we were leaving, I'm sure everyone in the place was happy!! They are rowdy when they're together.
1 near
Then we have Roberts playing the prerequisite jivey black guy to the chagrin of all the white honky mothers in this vast galactic setting. It's a nice effort to get a Cleavon Little/Blazing Saddles vibe going, but only if you have the writing and talent to pull it off. These guys? Let's just say that Roberts comes off more as an annoyance than a character. This would probably be the most viable reason he's played it under the radar for the rest of his career after the Eighties. Wouldn't you have?
_________________
president, President Obama took office, some level of official
War transforms us snake, into beasts.
When I first found out I did not get into grad school, I felt devastated. Shocked. Stunned. But, now that I look back on it, I realize my Higher Power had something else in mind for me. It is strange how things work out sometimes, and once you learn to look for the right signs to guide you...you realize, that it is always meant to be. EVERYTHING happens for a reason.
From my understanding, a gluten allergy is hereditary. My grandma had cut out gluten years ago due to her allergy. So I did some reading.
Felicon Whisper watched her every move, obsessed and questioning. The men and women that were brought here, to this secret place, were both beautiful in appearance, and ugly in spirit. But this woman out of the forth Corner was so stoic that she gave off zero emotion. The sensors didn't know what to make of her. As far as the equipment was concerned, this GAD investigator was a bust. Whisper had his man bring Tina to him.
Written by: Edgar Reitz and Peter F. Steinbach
Have a great Mothers Day.
We have been counting down the days to the cast removal since Cowpokette had it put on. It really went by fast. We had our moments. Cowpokette would throw total fits about nothing, and I would just walk away. But she got used to that hot pink body cast. She didn't let it bother her that the other kids could run around and play. She would just hang out and be good. We went to a friend's house and played some home run derby. Cowpokette just played with some sidewalk chalk. The other kids all played on a slide, but that didn't stop her from having a ball. She just had a great attitude about it the entire time. She loved to hang out on the floor with the dogs. She would watch Barbie movies all day long and always have a dog next to her. It was sweet. Okay, so she didn't watch Barbie all day...we colored Barbie too. And we had potty breaks, and story time. Cowpokette also loved to go play at her friend's house. Her friend has a cool Barbie house. And lots of Barbies. Cowpokette talks about how many cool Barbies her friend has. It's so cute. But then it was time for the cast to come off..... Cowpokette was very excited. She kept saying, "I get my cast off?!" She was looking forward to taking a bath. That is all she talked about. This is Cowpokette looking a bit worried and her Doctor. He is a nice guy. Then it came time for the Doctor to cut off the cast. That is when her face really changed. That is her look while he was cutting it off. That "I'm not so sure" look. But it didn't take long to have the cast all cut and pryed open. There it is all cut up. She was still kind of worried. The cast came right off. She was really nervous about moving. She was REALLY stiff. She screamed when we did an x-ray of her leg. She stood on her leg just a little bit while we were there. Her leg is a lot shorter than the other. She has to "walk" on her tippy toes. But she doesn't walk at all. I am just now getting her to stand. I try to support her under her arms, but she just doesn't want to even try.
The ride had him dragged out so he found a stool and downed a few cups of Arbuckle's. He bent an elbow for a bit, jabbering away with some bazoo who was in from Seattle. He was selling somebody something that didn't matter all that much to Bart. But it passed the time.
Plot: 5
Now we are going to add them to your template code. Click the Design Tab, then the Edit HTML link. It will open up the box of code for your template.
hot glue and glue gun
Yeah, I could just see him like it was yesterday, his truck parked on Avenue C between East 3rd and East 4th, long tall and lean standing there like a gentle giant. Waiting for us hand him our dimes and quarters after another day at PS 179.
8: aqualung 8:04
Arthur Christmas
4. The boy can climb where he pleases...
We'd walked down a path to the water where an older man with few teeth was sitting on a 55 year old Harley.
p.s. have had my new iphone 4s for less than 24 hours and am already completely obsessed with the siri feature!!! nothing like telling your phone that you are hungry... and instantly getting a list of the closest restaurants to your current location. loads o fun.
Work
Why the world will not end on December 21, 2012.
Venue: Malcolm X Community Centre, St Pauls, Bristol
-$5/1 Olay Pro-X Facial Moisturizer or Pro-X Clear, (P&G 07/31/11)
5. Twenty Boy Summer Sarah Ockler
My first card I made was really just to see if I still can craft lol....or cut a straight line or something....
Chloe and I leave Thursday evening. We have to find some time to write her name on all her clothes, although we hear that there's not much chance she'll come home with the same clothes she takes. Evidently the communal laundry gets distributed to whoever needs something to wear. We're also going to figure out how to dump pictures from Chloe's camera to her computer so she can post to her as-yet-unpublished blog. (I'll share the address of that when she gives the okay.)
#616 ~ Making it through 45 minutes non stop Zumba Gold at the YMCA today.
Bloodforge
OK, I did warn you there might be rather a lot about Dickens this year! This is Pip (Philip Pirrip) in his latest incarnation, Douglas Booth, in the recent BBC adaptation of Great Expectations. Too pretty, do I hear you say? A lot of people thought so, by which I mean people of my acquaintance, both in reality and in those parallel versions of it on Facebook and Twitter.
The proposed agreement was reached in consultation with Upper Chattahoochee Riverkeeper Inc., the environmental organization that brought the lawsuit against the city that led to the consent decree.
this rainy day
beat the competition and meet the
How much do Yankees want?
One brief example is the story of Daniel when he and his friends refused to bow to the golden statue. They were thrown into the fiery furnace a horrible situation redefined by a missional God. When they walked out of the furnace alive they proved to all that their God was much more than a pretty statue but a living God worthy of all worship.
Q: In no more than 100 words could you describe your position on whatever it is that gets you up in the morning. Your philosophy on sex, your position on breakfast cereal; whatever it is, I want you to state plainly your position! Please.
I put both chokos in my fruit basket and let them sit on the bench to sprout at room temperature in their own time. You can see them above almost covered by tomatoes.
3 cups flour
With fulgurant flatulent flap;
Here comes the low-down:
Stop talking to yourself! People are gonna check you into the looney bin.
Ali is not only me.
The plant will be feeding power into the grid by 2013 and a side effect of it will be the production of emission-free desalinated water.
Pop Montreal Festival
The concept of loving kindness is not necessarily a foreign concept to me, Shanti provided a really powerful visualization that illustrated just how important this can be for ADHDers. Many of us spend a lot of time judging ourselves and acting as our own worst critic. We hold ourselves to impossible standards and are more harsh towards ourselves than we would ever be with others.
The food was good there, just um, strange. I'd ordered chicken stew with dumplings. No british person would have described what came as chicken stew with dumplings. Chicken in white goop with semi-solid bits of white goop, perhaps. It tasted okay, but looked like wallpaper paste.
In the last 5 years of living in the sweet town of Des Moines, Iowa, I have especially loved connecting with people. For me, the best part of any day, is when I can connect with someone. I shine just a little brighter when I have had even the briefest of interactions with a person, place, or thing.
Cantor: I believe he will do well in Virginia
4) Starting from the bottom of your flower (what you call the bottom of your paper), tape the end of the ribbon so it does pull through while you lace or sew it in your flower. Lace from each "petal" towards the middle, so not skip any sections, but do not go from petal to petal, even in the back (you can see it from the front). Have fun with your ribbon, if it is two sided like mine, flip it around for fun to see the different colors. As you are sewing, do not pull to tight on the ribbon, it gives it a stretched look. Also be careful when sewing through the holes, it is paper and it can break. An option here is to use eyelets in the holes to give them more strength. I did break one of my holes when making one, and I just used clear tape to patch it up.
So what happened? Why did she lose her temper and be ready to pretty much zap her surroundings?
it's not particularly new, but I'm a cook book junkie and have an urge to acquire as many as possible. and this one has been patiently awaiting its turn on the shelf :) although you might call it a cook book, there's so much more to it... in a nutshell, it's a tale of two englishmen leaving their busy lives in the city to open a guest-house in a tiny french village.
Except you know what?
In contrast, the depiction of London in Jennifer E Smith's The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight kept on jolting me, because I knew more than the author. I kept on wanting to tell her things. For example, British weddings tend not to feature loads of adult bridesmaids all dressed the same, and they don't go down the aisle before the bride. Clinking a glass at a British wedding means a speech, not a kiss. Middle-class families with lots of children don't tend to live in Paddington - just three examples, but I could go on and on. 'Everything in this city seems old, but charmingly so, like something out of a movie.' is not a meaningful description to a Londoner.
from now on I will held a weekly blog candy here on my blog, where you can win one of those many wonderful Sweet Pea Stamps. The candy starts each Saturday and you have time to join till Friday night 24.00 European Time. I will draw a winner each Saturday.
Now, that's souper!!!
And I made the payment soon after and was verified by them.
Yogini: iPhone.
I let my mind wander. Think about the object. Jump from subject to subject. I found myself thinking about the old technology, and time. A quote from T.S. Eliot popped into my head; "In my beginning is my ending." From there, I thought about Janus, the Roman god of beginnings and endings. I know when the idea is starting to come for me, so out comes the sketch book. I start listing elements that fit the theme. I'm not going to post my sketches here. They're incredibly messy--I tend to sketch and then over sketch. I like to leave space for the sculpture to grow organically, so I tend not to plan out every element of a piece beforehand.
Those with any memory at all will recall the near reverence with which the media treated Sir Richard, the great expert of such stature that, when he retired, the Daily Telegraph could not wait to sign him up as their expert on all things military (although we hear very little of him nowadays).
This goes on for fifty pages.
Your Approach
In the Turbine Hall, dark except for the warm, drowsy luxuriance of Dean's video, there is something of the cinema. People sit on the floor in perfect silhouettes. Children totter up to the screen only to be shooed away again. The best manifestations of the Turbine commission are about interaction, have the power to transform the vacuous space into theatre and theme park.
my paypal name is dork2door @yahoo.com
Our Challenge is being Catered by:
"RING!"
The truth hurts.
Hey, everybody! My blogposts are becoming few and far between it seems. We've been busy readying our house to list it for sale and finally did that about a week ago. This week, we've been doing some last minute touch ups on paint and trim. Tomorrow, I'm going to spend the afternoon polishing the wrought iron door and window accents with liquid car wax, a tip I found out about from my super smart friend, Google. Turns out I should have been doing this once every six-months. Why didn't you tell me sooner, Google? Maybe you're not so smart after all. Oh, I didn't ask? Sure, turn it around on me now.
Binamin = Benjamin
We all relutantly give in.
After a few days in the gyre, we head southeast where we will join other tall ships in San Diego for the Festival of Sail September 2-6
Never fear friends, MediaWatch will expose the cover-ups and obvious slanted news published.
I burned the oatmeal, toast, and began to watch t.v with my nephew.
So I bought some blond extensions so I could fake having two-toned hair by dying the top half the same colour as my own hair and the bottom red.
Okay, so apparently "stretch" involves throwing a switchblade at the floor, then making your opponent "stretch" to grab it without falling. Sounds like a Redneck Olympic event. The captain of the ferry watches the "game" for a second or two, then turns his attention to Nikki, who appears to be undressing. Hubba, this chick is pretty attractive. A ferry-mate(that doesn't look or sound right, but I'll be damned if I can think of the correct term for him...) is watching the show, as is Hal, the preppy douchebag.
Everyone went their own way once we got up there to see the view. I sat there alone just watching the cars and the city buzz below us. For a moment there was this peaceful quiet as I sat there and watched the world below. I didn't hear anyone around me and for a moment I wasn't busy running around crazy and not paying good attention to what was going on around me. It made me realize that I don't have to be fast paced. I need to slow down and pay attention to what is going on around me.
i am supposed to have a minimum of 3 interviews but i would rather have more for the package as it is 6-8 minutes and the more audio the better i would think.
sympathize or care about Exner and the voice-over narration is distracting.
each and every cell in my body
Yes I know the paper is backwards and I didn't think about it when I took the photo but you all get the idea. Things are going good we have started the nursery and hope to have it completed by the middle of February if not sooner. Photos will have to come later.
At the moment though, it's all about preparing for my last Drama assessments. I finally finished the skirts for the performance and thought they came out quite nicely in the end. What do you think?
Work for me is the greatest of my battlefields. It is both microcosm and macrocosm of my life. Everything, ultimately, gets fought out there.
REASON FOR DEMANDING RECALL OF TOM DYCHE, CAMMANN ROAD DISTRICT COMMISSIONER, AS PROVIDED ON RECALL PETITION:
Blogger have finally got an App for iPhones! Meaning you lovelies will be getting lots of updates as I can use my phone from now on!
where I post updates about shipment arrivals as well as various ways to incorporate chipboard into your projects. Have fun creating this month with the workout challenges!
And because this is France, the police didn't get involved, the media and public were generally sympathetic towards the workers and the government made rumbling noises about shoring up struggling companies with taxpayer's money to protect jobs.
I hope you get chance to join us in this challenge.
4. Donna Summer - Sunset People
Stamp2Cut system with the Eclipse machine from Sizzix
And dumped them all
The work, curated by Olivier Berggruen, Associate Curator, Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt, is beautifully presented here. The soft grey, not white, gallery walls, cause the stark blackness of the "SAMO" images, as well as the Mediterranean blues and blood reds of other works here, to stand out in beautiful relief.
It felt good to be back riding her.
Berry vs Finchel
We stopped by the photo lab to pick up Joe's b-day invites, and they couldn't find the order. Oh, I was mad. I'd sent it in on Saturday. They should have been there. Sigh. Oh well. At least now I'm not out the $4.00. I just left everyone the picture on their facebook account. Sorry, to all my friends without a facebook account..... Anyway, it was frustrating.
Alcohol Consumption
And wait and wait and wait.
Some info from
Did I mention with all the rushing out to buy tutus, I forgot to tuck a freshly charged battery in my camera? Sara helped out with her Droid and I received some photos from Amy as well.
Gibson
We had a great Christmas. My 5 1/2 year old son received a sleigh load of goodies from Santa. For dinner I broke from tradition and made Steak au Poivre ....that was scrumptuous if I do say so myself! But so was dessert and I won't tempt you with those details! ; )
Thanks for the link, Father Schnippel!
My first attempts were made with active dry yeasts that I teased into bubbly liquids with honey and other sweet things mixed into milk. I eventually figured out which supermarket close to me would sell me fresh yeast, which worked much better. I also switched to water for everyday bread.
But then I followed up with, "But what if I'd said that you weren't?" She looked at me, bewildered. I told her, "Not being skinny isn't a bad thing, honey. You know that, right?" She nodded her head, a bit confused, and returned to brushing her hair while gazing at herself. After a few seconds she asked, "But I AM skinny, right?" I didn't answer.
Tincture: Combine 4 oz of fresh yarrow leaf and stalks cut fine (or 2 oz dry powdered herb) with 1 pint of brandy, gin, or vodka in a glass container. The alcohol should be enough to cover the plant parts and have a 50/50 ratio of alcohol to water.
That's it.......four ingredients. How easy is that?
Piper is an intriguing figure, not least because his work is so varied and, it has to be said, uneven. Looking through 'Piper's Places', the book he put together with Richard Ingrams towards the end of his (Piper's) life, I was struck by this. You'd go from a beautifully detailed, atmospheric drawing of a country church to a scribbled sketch of some piece of coastline that had evidently caught his fancy at a particular moment, in a particular light perhaps, or with clouds looming.
When I decided that I wanted to make this card using the bee from Create A Critter, I thought....4 bee's at 1.5 inches....that's a lot of little pieces. So I tried something in CCR and it worked! I added all the pieces for the bee to my mat and filled them with colors from Lori's Garden. I made a copy of the wings and the head/belly piece and had to hide one wing on one cut and the opposite on the other copy so I could layer them. Otherwise you have the set of wings, but they don't match up. I then layered all the pieces in the order that they go and clicked the Don't Weld button for each piece. This way I ended up with a fully colored bee without having to cut all the layer's separately. I also hid the face so I could stamp those cute PK faces on them. Here is what it looked like after I printed them only, no cutting.
Some of these are in the process of becoming fabric. I'm still all over the place with color but eventually I hope to create things that match up--large, medium and small scale prints. Something smallish to cut and sew that could be stuffed and then embellished with beads and then worn on a kumihimo cord like a pendant
Yes, they are in the wrong. No, they are not the devil. A couple of fags a day doesn't mean they will be bad parents. And I would hazard a guess that they are feeling guilty enough already, without thousands and thousands of strangers judging them and calling into question their parenting skills. In fact I would guess that every time Stacey Solomon has lit up a cigarette since the day she found out she was pregnany she has felt guilty. So she should, you might say. Quite. But she doesn't need half the world telling her that.
And I pledge to be a better blogger...
Aug 24 Tinley Park, IL (Review by Irene_K/LPU)
Leroy Hodges - Bass
Not only that, but both athletes have a history of competing indoors. Liu won World Indoor gold in '04 & 08 and has an indoor best of 7.42 over the 60 meter barriers. To his credit, Robles won Indoor silver in '06 and is #2 all time indoors at 7.33. With both looking to regain form and potentially get a jump on the outdoor season, fans may not have long to wait to see these two super hurdlers in action.
Third week, I can't really tell if I've lost weight, but if I have it wasn't that much.
not sure why that exactly sent me into an internal tizzy, but it did.
4. A Good Year, Peter Mayle
4) my car isn't fixed yet... and it needs to be so I can get to work after my sister transfers (this friday)
"He does yoga," he says with absolute certainty.
Left Hand Milk Stout Longmont, Colorado, Sweet Stout, 5.3%
Then for some unknown reason, I threw it in my bag when we were packing for our recent biking vacation, and one evening, I actually picked it up and started reading it. (Oh come on, don't tell me that you pack books and never read them. Happens to me all the time.) And you know what? I found myself hooked.
Petting a kitten/fuzzy non-rabid animal.
3 large eggs plus 1 large egg yolk, room temp.
I can't help worrying that I might sit there with a fixed grin all day long, then have to cart every single thing back home again, having paid for the privilege. But if you don't try, you'll never know.
Drink 8 ounces of water - 16 ounces would be better. Water is very cleansing in the morning and will help to flush out the toxins since your body has "essentially" been fasting overnight. A hydrating way to start your morning.
Life revolves around two words : (1) Enthusiasm, which makes things happen and determines the level of success, and (2) Perceptions, which determines how people perceive things and how they react to it. With enough enthusiasm combined with the ability to manipulate people's perceptions, you could achieve anything, perhaps even rule the World.
pass on.
the health- not so good.
And, strange as it may seem, Nash was at his most productive when life was at its darkest - in the years following his mother's death, and following his father's, and at moments when his own life hung by a thread. Whatever the debates about modernity and Britishness, about abstraction, surrealism and the rest, Nash was motivated by an awareness of and terror of death. He spent his life coming to terms with mortality, in his strange paintings of tree stumps and ancient stones and heaps of felled wood, using the language of natural forms to explore the processes of which, like it or not, we are part.
This area of questioning could be a cause of difficulty for Mr Bird, depending on what new evidence might be available. However again any perjury case would be based on the material nature of any incorrect testimony given by the witness, and the precise wording of the questions becomes very important. A witness is entitled to tell the court a recollection which turns out to be wrong, as long as the witness is not wrong deliberately.
I am overwhelmed by the comments and messages I have gotten about my hair lately! I didn't know I had that many followers who actually cared. Like I said in the last post, I am flattered.
11 Roggae
It's funny to think that only five years ago there was literally no way for Americans to taste whiskey from LDI. Now it seems that a week doesn't go by without a new release of LDI whiskey.
Also, in the interest of saving a few bucks, I'll not be printing the programs as in the past. However, I wrote it just like before, and you can download the .pdf and print it at home or work here: http://www.newalbanian.com/download-file-25.html
It was getting late, so Emily said goodbye to Mr. Whitcombe and went inside.
Keep Layering and blurring as before until you are happy with the effect. If you make a mistake you can always hit the "un-do" arrow (it curves backwards). This button takes you back one step at a time.
Insouciance Rouge Allure Extrait de Gloss is a brown-beige shade with shimmer. You can see the above picture of the gold and pink shimmers in bright sunlight. It's certainly a nice nude color.
The theme of the exhibition was the last person alive and my photos had no people in them.
4. Consumption of too much salt can be deadly - you need to take about 1 gram of salt per kilogram of weight to die and this was used as a method of ritual suicide in China - especially amongst the nobility as salt was so expensive.
Sales of pickups in general have been further removed from their fiery Evo cousins but the mitsubishi parts nz is that Evos have always been in place but buyers these days to chance across a turbocharged hot hatch and the mitsubishi parts nz. The Colt is definitely a big boot is a surprisingly civilised engine. Its got 113bhp on tap, which isnt a huge amount for a supermini at least, this car a real squat, aggressive, foursquare stance that even the oem mitsubishi parts is turned into an event.
I had taken $20 out to spend. I understand this is a paltry amount to spend at a casino, but then again, I wasn't there to play really. And guess what? I lost it in oh, about five minutes, and thats only because I wandered to a few different slot machines to try them out. I put my money in, pulled the level and oh, there went my money.
chosen by themselves in accordance with their own procedures,
Allison Paige 8.2lbs 21inches
I have been working on plans for the school year. I need to be a little more specific with Bob's plans because the school wants deadlines and resources and such, at least for his science and ELA. We're doing math on our own (not through homeschool registration; we need to keep him as entirely teacher-directed) because the province decided to drop that math course, but he needs that math course to be able to do the best he can 2nd semester in Math 20 Pure, which the province has not yet dropped. Confusing.
My own written words shake the leaves from the trees and rush through the empty spaces. My own words charge behind me and around me, they surround me and they submerge me. They warm me and they chill me, my own sentences become the light and they become the dark.
This info goes under your name.
NAB booth #SU1802
Patrick & Amanda
Now, as I'll be at the Norwich Makers Market on Saturday (St Thomas' Church, Earlham Road 11 - 4 if you're around these here parts) I've been trying to get a few more new pieces made.
Health protection issues are specifically dealt with in Article 2.1 of the IP Chapter. This provision stresses the importance of the Doha Declaration on TRIPS Agreement and Public Health, adopted by the WTO Ministerial Conference in November 2001, which reaffirms flexibility of WTO Member states in relaxing patent protection for better access to essential medicines.
Desmond and Jack share important dialogue before Desmond descends into the light cavern.
"I wouldn't have needed to look right at it." Rel realised he was letting the other man bait him. He clenched his jaw and forced himself to calm down. At least he didn't feel hungry anymore. "What is it down there?"
Source: CNBC.com
After the film, Feuerzeig fielded questions from an initially timid audience and briefly discussed his current projects (two docs about The Monks and Tiny Tim).
dropping from the sky.
Granada looks & feels like a much larger city than it is, with a population of approximately 250,000 & an urban area population of about 475,000. It was founded in the 11th century & was originally a Muslim fortress. Granada is very cosmopolitan & a university city sitting at the base of the Sierra Nevada Mts.
There is not a more powerful means to obtain true contrition than the Sacrifice of Holy Mass. Let sinners who desire their conversion come with confidence to it: Jesus Christ will speak in their favour, and will appease the just anger of his eternal Father, and obtain for them the gift of penance. This the Council of Trent teaches us.
To dabies, you are only a hand that feeds them. PS: they will bite you if you do not feed them. PPS: They will most likely bite you, even if you do feed them. That's just how they roll.
We have little misses room 98% finished. Just waiting on the glider and curtains but aside from that it is all ready for her to come! I can't wait to see her sweet face sleeping in there. You may recognize the crib and changing table as they are the ones LB used and we scored from a friend for completely free! Definitely makes decorating a nursery more fun when you can spend a little more on details.
cross
The judiciary is not immune from a shrinking staff. Since 2008, the Massachusetts Trial Court has had a strict hiring freeze that has not only prevented the expansion in the number of positions, but has also kept positions vacant when staff leave. Today, there are 1,316 fewer court employees than in July 2007.
After the creature in human guise stops Master John from having his carnal way with Luna, it is revealed the creature is a vampire. He spirits Luna away, to keep her safe. As times pass, she falls in love with Avery, the name of the man he was before being turned into a vampire.
"Just like you keep me in check," said Violet with a smile.
(YO HO AND IF YOU BELIEVE HE FELT ASHAMED, YOU'LL BELIEVE ANYTHING)
That first one is the "Classic Cheeseburger with a Twist". $10.50 for 1/3 # natural beef (still not sure what that means though) marinated in Island Spices with Gruyere Cheese, House Pickles, Tomato, Grilled Red Onion, Mayo, and Pub Mustard. A bit different, not bad at all, acceptable price for the nature of the Pearl I would think.
Who needs big pieces of paper...these days, just give me some fun embellishments and interesting strips of patterns and a layout will be born! I wanted a center cluster on this page and wanted to use both photos. A large mat would have been too heavy for me so I went simplier. Piecier. That is not really a word, but it works. I used many goodies from the Nook April Grab Bag. Pam offers these each month for a great price!
He stumbles to the gnarled grey trunk,
However, I don't sense that respect in the New York Times article (not that I'm terribly surprised). Having already made the sly, carefully planted suggestion that the police may have had ulterior motives for pulling the suspect (a black man, Lovelle Mixon, pictured above) over, it continues:
I love that such a tiny little bite sized something is such a powerhouse of healthy nutrients, vitamins, minerals, they taste good, and help fill you up. To me they are the perfect snack.
Die: PTI Just the Ticket, Hearts border
On the way home, I got a call from a long time friend John, who has come to town to play in a reunion benefit concert with his old band. It has become a tradition for a bunch of us old friends to go and hang out and catch up, listen to GREAT music and dance our fool asses off for a few hours... and forget our real age! John and I discussed his getting me and my companion on the guest list (aka broke people's list) as the tickets were 23 clams each! Whoa Nellie, that's a half a tank of gas and almost a week of groceries for me. Since he has a rather large family, he didn't want to make promises since each band member only gets 8 free spots. He had been in town since Tues, and it was now Sat and I had not heard from him, so I figured he couldn't swing it and I was planning to home and collapse... So he calls to tell me he is leaving our names at the door and he hopes we can come... sigh... While I was really excited, it was also kind of a real mind bender to think I was going to be up till the wee hours that evening... especially since I had been awake since the wee hours that day! I haven't done this since my 20s, but ok, why the hell not?
FAILURE! yells my inner nagger! FAILURE!!! Look at you! You didn't do a thing. You lose! You disqualified yourself.
2 Big Cloves of Garlic (Do not peel!)
Readers, I wonder if I can do it. I don't usually suffer from a tendency to procrastinate when it comes to my work, but in other parts of my life? Oh yeah. (You should see the attic. Maybe on another snowy day...no, it would take a snowy week!)
xx Jan
She can be very persuasive.
Without the grand gestures by the federal government to pour funds into high-level federal operations, better scrutiny of the sex trade at a mere local level, would reveal many of the victims of "advertising" that Mr Akasaka is campaigning for.
If you haven't forgotten all about us here at That Village House (due to our utter lack of attention to the blog) you may remember a few months ago I shared with you the beginnings of my dining room makeover. I first told you how I envision things with blue painters tape. Then I shared my plan of action with you.
The Kingdom Guild is working on a fantastic wall hanging project! I know many of you have already volunteered to help with the Princess' gown, but I hope there are still some embroiderers left to help with the wallhangin! it is already halfway done, but some of our Principality's groups still need volunteers! Please look at the list and contact either myself or Racaire if you wish to volunteer!
- Keep beating until light and fluffy.
Parts of Missouri, northern Arkansas, the southern two-thirds of Illinois, all of Indiana except the northern quarter, extreme SW Ohio, W. and N. Kentucky and extreme NW Tennessee.
* She is such a happy baby
I chose from among the many quotes and typed them into my word processor. Then I printed the quotes, cut them out and glued them to inexpensive paper plates. Fruit and veggie stickers dress up the plates just a bit. I thought about using pictures of food cut from magazines, but the stickers were easier. I have made a plate for each child, and some will have the same quote. I have ten quotes altogether with ten songs. I did not list the title on the plate. This may be too many songs to get through in twenty minutes. So, if time is short, I can use fewer quotes by removing those plates.
Better one coming next month!
So when we were planning our wedding invitations, we wanted them to reflect our love of vintage childrens books and pen and ink illustrations and my Alice in Wonderland was the first book I turned to. And there it was, the opening line to the prefacing poem,
Finally, I might be absent from my blog for a few of weeks. Got 2 exams coming up, and a grant proposal to write for one of my classes, so I should really be focusing on that. But I am a huge procrastinator so I might end up posting anyway. I'm having so much fun with my blog, and zero fun with my classes haha!
They may not be very good at creating ads, but they are brilliant at writing presentations that get MBAs to nod their heads.
Are you aware that the ESV continues to evolve? When will it grow up? I was sent the link below by a friend today and it troubles me. The document lists nearly 300 changes and this group is only one in a series of revisions that have appeared (quietly) since its publication over a decade ago.
Now onto our challenge for May.
Rodenbach Vintage '08
Mike is also husband to the lovely and talented Paulette and Dad to my pals, Eva and Ella.
I surrender
We need co-workers!
Still in search of a new spot for posing, but today I had so much fun in this dusty field. Although I couldn't actually pose in it, my heels kept sinking into the mud. Which is not a good thing for suede shoes. I found this little square object on the floor that kind of looked like a picture frame so I thought it was photo worthy. The pattern of multicolored squares on this kimono reminds me of kente cloth. I wish that I could found some actual Kente cloth mmm..sounds like a new project is on the way.
In the Tuesday 1 February 2011 print issue of The South African newspaper, distributed in London, we incorrectly printed that Lara Johnstone had flown to London to lodge the appeal herself, which is not the case. Ms Johnstone filed the Amicus Curiae application from South Africa. We apologise for the confusion caused.
Every person must come to that point of conviction because of the bad news. The wages of sin is death. That is the bad news. Paul was using his own experience to impress upon this great Jewish crowd in Jerusalem that they, too, were headed for that lake of fire. What effect would it have upon them? What effect did it have upon you in knowing that your sin condemned you?
will we ever move back to Indiana?
As a child on the first day of school my mother ALWAYS made us take a siblings picture...
We started with a special mass. Somehow I didn't cry, probably because I was so focused on keeping elodie quiet but it was so adorable when Keira's grade got up to sing the special mothers song 'Mum I want to tell you, just how much you mean to me........'
Let me now if you try it out.
.....he understand TWO languages fluently!
The archive does not authenticate individual cars, although it is certainly helpful in locating original photographs of cars that have significant provenance.
Them Here comes the night UK
I have no idea what I was thinking. Probably the same thing my kids think when they wear underwear on their heads, or the same T-shirt for a month straight, or a Cinderella dress to the doctor's office. And yes, believe it or not, that dress was quite stylish back in the early 90s.
14. O Holy Night - The Brady Bunch
Anyone is welcome to join this insane scavenger hunt. As for the time of day the photos are to be posted, you'll have to figure out that one on your own - I'm still confused, but then I'm so easily confused. No worries, I be on Bahamian Time: When it reach.
Things around here are getting better. Let's say....about a three out of ten.
In the not-too-distant past when things were good and they talked, John had told her stories, probably myths she now realised, of failed early space missions during which space capsules had failed to achieve orbit, instead carrying on into deep space -potentially for ever- with a payload of frozen, suffocated human remains. These stories apparently originated from radio enthusiasts who claimed to have listened in to the last words of these asphyxiating cosmonauts on the frequencies used by Roscosmos. Ever since, whenever she thought about them, she found it difficult to get the images out of her head: frozen, space-suited corpses, each strapped to seat, drifting through the darkness, slowly diverging. She could see them now.
Now snip off one corner of the CS at an angle to the edge of the handle. Take the scrap piece, flip, and lay it on the other side. Cut around this scrap to make the other side of the bag symmetrical.
Although I feel a bit rusty it seems I can still produce a blog post...I will be back to write about our ongoing home renos...hope I haven't bored you to death.It will be nice to have an online diary of the blood sweat and tears we are putting into home. I leave you with a parting shot of a deer who has taken a liking our gooseberry bush.
his position: they are going to take this all the way.
Thomas Carlyle (Scottish historian and essayist):
What does living a life of gratitude mean to me?
The other family was everywhere in there, so I shut the door and went down again and said I wanted to go to bed. Actually I didn't want to go to bed at all, but I thought it would be best. Then I wouldn't have to say anything. The bed was as wide and desolate as the landscape outside. The eiderdown was like a hand, too. You sank and sank right to the bottom of the earth under a big soft hand. Nothing was like it was at home, or like anywhere else.
Welcome to another Twisted Challenge.
Now, think about the last time you went out of your way,
I've used Flocked pp & acetate, Prima, Green Tara, Bella, Bizzy Bec's & Unknown flowers, brads, Kaiser pearls, Bella paper Butterflies, lace & chipboard for the flourish, sml Butterflies and the BG alpha.
'The African snails, which are able to live for up to seven years, will also help to test the influence of possible accumulating substances over a long period,' said Sergei Kholodkevich, an ecological researcher who dreamt up the idea of using the creatures.
In order to mount the 4' long piece of wood, I had my maintenance man cut the bracket that the IKEA shelf was mounted onto in half and then my awesome boyfriend drilled two holes into the wood and VOILA! it was mounted.
As I have pointed out in previous posts, I seem to have a good way of coming across all wrong. I recently had yet another experience in which my intentions were completely misinterpreted. I must preface this story by telling another story that sets the tone for this one.
Paris: Oh. You mean like how you feel after having sex?
Just wonderful
Probably not that, if I had to guess.
sipping red rose tea
Even though the following examples are of people with disabilities who have broken the prejudice barrier to succeed, thrive, and even become famous, people with disabilities who are not famous can also hold competitive jobs, make friends, get married, live great lives, and have the love and respect of others.
The story I'm about to tell did not happen today but a few days ago so it's pretty fresh. Not all my stories are of the "it could only happen to me variety" but this one most certainly is. For whatever reason I know no other person this would happen to!
But I think Ehrman moves a bit too fast here. Michael Brown responds to this very objection in his book Answering Jewish Objections to Jesus (Vol. 3). He writes,
Rousing the land with breath of flame, while you beat and beat the
SUMMER BREEZE
There was a short intake of breath from Brulee. Something had happened. Creme cracked open her eyes to see a faint glow in the orb. It dimmed and flickered when she opened her eyes to look at it, but she steeled her mind and focused on keeping it steady.
So, in keeping with my christmas theme...I have my PPA112 challenge entry!! It is an elements of style challenge today and the element is Lace! well...I think I can do that...pair lace with some vintage christmas colours and you've got yourself a beautiful christmas card!
you are sweet like an African mango.
This is Etude House Dear Darling Tint in 03 Orange Red as a lipstain, with NYX Orange Lipliner and a random brownish orange lipstick on top. I applied NARS Laguna Illuminator on my cheeks under my foundation, then I later applied MAC Equilibrium Blush and Cream Colour Base in Seaside. Doesn't look like much here but it was a nice bronzey cheek in real life. :)
The band made its film debut in the Bob Hope - Jackie Gleason comedy vehicle movie How to Commit Marriage (1969) and really shines in the film as a psychedelic-hippie rock band associated with the young people in the plot of the story. This fantastic group did a wonderful music video-style presentation in the film, performing their charming hippie anthem, A Child's Garden.
If you are interested there is a programme about the exhibition on Sky Arts 2 on Thursday February 9 at 6pm, but if like me you do not have that channel, amongst the 101 channels that you do have, this clip may be of interest to you.
Jack catching woolly worms and naming them
I got to go home this weekend. Just to enjoy being home and getting my thoughts together as I start planning for the upcoming weeks with the UCI students.
Hosted by Coopers Brewery Technical Manager Simon Fahey
It can be with scenario this way that payday advances could be the respond to that might just remedy your critical economic problem. This is if you need to keep away from seen and pressuring individuals be the greatest replace and many offered method of obtaining finance that may be readily available at any hour, 1 week each week. And the thing which could do this for you personally is definitely the pay day Loan.
They were struck with fear when they heard that the king had given him authority to gather an army.
I took my hair out of its rat nest of a bun and ...
Incredibly talented women of all types are dressing up as their favorite geeky characters for the Women of Geekdom calendar. Podcasters, writers, gamers, cosplayers and artists, the calendar has a pretty diverse set of ladies.
We cannot go back to the way things were. Just as the new ideas of community were formed after the upheaval of the Industrial Revolution, communities in our Post-Industrial age will have new shapes defined by the circumstances of their own time. The ever-expanding rise of the online community alone means that things will never be the same again and, in time, this too may become as normal as the previous ideas of community it replaced.
Collins and the Sixers will look to continuing their forward momentum and their quest to regain NBA relevance when they open the season the day after Christmas against the Portland Trailblazers.
A few days later my whole world went colorless. I couldn't figure out what the hell happened. I was walking along my merry way and then all of the sudden, I couldn't see colors anymore. I was sad, missed my mom, and was a permanent fixture on the couch. Once Dirty said this all started because Hanks and I couldn't be friends anymore, I got defensive. There was NO way I'm THIS sad because a friend of mine who isn't THAT important in my life said we can't hang anymore! "What kind of person does that make me?" I seriously questioned EVERYTHING! I questioned my marriage, my feelings for Dirty, my feelings for Hanks, my mom's death, myself, everything! I wondered if I had some serious feelings for Hanks that I didn't know about. It wasn't easy but I told all of this to Dirty. I felt if something was going on with me, he had to know. This is our future! He took it well, probably because I was so pathetic and crying and knew exactly what was going on. He let me spill my guts and then told me, that and Hanks "breaking up" was just a trigger. "You two are friends, you guys text and hang out, it's a loss, even if it's a small one. But this is triggering the feelings of your mom's death." Well hell! I didn't even think about it that way and why would I? My mind was just blank and I felt so dead inside.
Sometimes the toast does not land butter side down.
STREET FOOD
Bond laughed. "When I'm . . . er . . . concentrating," he explained, "I never have more than one drink before dinner. But I do like that one to be large and very strong and very cold and very well-made. I hate small portions of anything, particularly when they taste bad. This drink's my own invention. I'm going to patent it when I can think of a good name."
And it's not your business anyway
And the red cloaks of market girls
The link for any more donations, as you probably know by now, is:
1pm; I got my shopping done and I am set for the weekend. Food a-plenty! I am having a thin cut steak now mmm mmmm good!
And because I can't help meddlin' a little, allow me to ask you one question. Do you need to evaluate where God has you in life--in family, in ministry, in recreation? Has something He originally called you to become something you need to ask, "Lord, no, slow, grow or go? What do you want me to do?" If so, don't hesitate to wait on Him to lead you right where you need to be. Let's agree together not to go even a half step ahead of him or lag even a tiny bit behind Him. Let's shoot for walking all the way in the Spirit.
i will NOT throw this plant away, a dry carcass dumped unlovingly and embarrassingly into my trash.
Late recovery begins when people are unable to build a comfortable and balanced lifestyle because of unfinished business from childhood. It ends when recovering people resolve their family of origin problems and are able to approach adult living without being affected by irrational childhood beliefs. Some people move through late recovery quickly and with little pain. For others the process is longer and more difficult because they were emotionally, physically, or sexually abused as children, or never developed adequate social skills. Late recovery begins with the recognition that childhood issues are affecting the quality of recovery. They can see that they are blindly repeating self-defeating habits that they learned as children. They began to see that the only way out is to learn about family of origin issues by getting accurate information about how childhood experiences can affect their quality of adult sobriety. The next step is the conscious examination of childhood by writing a detailed childhood history and reviewing it with a therapist, sponsor, or recovery group. This history identifies repeating self-destructive patterns of irrational thinking, emotional mismanagement, and self-defeating behaviors that were learned as children. Knowledge of these patterns gives the power to choose to continue in self-destructive patterns or to change. This knowledge must be applied to adult living in order to consciously connect what they learned as children to how they are mismanaging their lives as sober adults. This leads to lifestyle change. These deeply ingrained self-defeating habits will not disappear simply because we understand how they were developed. We must decide to change our lifestyles, set goals, develop action plans, and enlist the help of others.
About 18 months. I had the story idea in the early autumn of 2004 and began work on it in December that year. I was offered a two-book deal by Oxford University Press in February 2006. It was the publishing that took a long time: almost two years from acquisition to publication.
What do I want?
I cut up one dozen new men
Zest and juice of 1 Meyer lemon*
Love is the single language that will change our world.
Bake in a preheated 350' oven on ungreased cookie sheet for 15 minutes.
10 Backwards Fragment 1
"Don't worry, Bluebelle. I get a coupon each week from the Lil' Kinz society and I've been saving them just for this reason," Harriet replied as she placed a few coupons on the counter, "What's the total now?"
Rating 8.6/10
This photo shows how I spent the same Saturday night!!
We found our tea shop and a loo, then ventured off toward Doolin. We drove around Limerick, but had no time to stop. The days are much shorter in the winter and we had our destination in mind. This required that we boogie on down the road. Again, we traversed the narrow fence and shrub-lined roadways. Jim managed the roads well, but as the afternoon began to wane and light disappeared, the tension mounted. By the time we hit Doolin, the light was gone from the sky as we made our way in the dark. No lighted poles lined the roads as at home, making the drive a bit more harrowing. A light mist floated on the air and covered the dark ground with a moist reflection. Doolin is a teeny, yet famous town. The home of traditional Irish music had but three pubs to its name. Our little car found its way to the middle one---McGann's Pub---and so, an unexpected adventure began. Ever found yourself unexpectedly in the middle of a stag (bachelor) party? Neither had we.
I feel that one of the hardest part of losing a child later in the pregnancy is that fact that I have gain at least an extra 20 pounds but no baby to show for it. Does that make sense?
NERSA 21 February 2012.
He put his face into his hands, covering his mouth as if he had to block words.
Dear Fair Oaks Street Group and Other Generous Donors:
Most of my friends agree that Biffy lost their way after Infinity Land but they still say some of the Puzzle b-sides are good. I'm not denying that but to make things easy I prefer to draw a nice, neat line between the two time periods. Everything before and including Infinity Land falls into the category of Biffy Clyro. One of the finest bands of the time. Puzzle and onwards are The Biff. A shitty, money grubbing band who pump out songs like Mountains for maximum profit.
I've never really been one to make a lot of New Years resolutions, but this year I've been kind of inspired to make some changes in my life to be a better person. If you're the same way, then this kit is perfect for helping you document those decisions. With a beautifully soft color palette, it won't distract from any photos you choose to include, and there's also plenty of word art to keep you motivated. And speaking of word art... It's also available separately in case that's all you need to help create your "resolutionary" pages...
In the past, a writer was at war with indifference: the indifference of agents and of editors who were inundated with submissions and queries. Those days are gone for those who choose to indie publish. It's no longer about them. It's about getting noticed by readers. And readers, my friends, are not indifferent. On the contrary, they are excited and hopeful. 'Tell me a story,' they say. 'Tell me a good story. A story that will make me forget for a while my jerk boss or the bill for my kid's braces or the fact that I've got an exam coming up that I am woefully unprepared for.' God bless the readers; they're you and me, and they want you to be good. They are looking for you, for what you create, and if they find you and like what you have to say, they'll come back for more. You disappoint them at your own peril.
Ringenberg
I was recently sent a Christmas Cupcake Set by Meri Meri and some cupcake wrappers from Cake & Cupboard to review. Cake & Cupboard is a specialty cake decorating supply store. They have everything for your baking needs from mixing bowls to spatulas, to cookie cutters and cake stands and much, much more. Everything you could possibly need for whatever you are baking, they have it. I was so impressed by their store...I was actually awestruck as I looked at all their products.
A Bubble Tea pack to include everything you need to make and enjoy your own bubble tea. (tea mix, colored tapioca pearls, fat straws and a drinking cup)
I love this old postcard but I wish the back had given a bit more information than the obvious. Wouldn't it be fascinating to know in what hallway lined with coats hung on hooks the lads sat on a bench for this shot? I looked through a listing of videos on youtube to see if I could identify their attire. It doesn't appear that they wore those particular suits on the Ed Sullivan Show (I hope Ed Sullivan provided them with a bit cushier waiting area!) -- but it is a given that the image is well before 1968, when they recorded Revolution.
12. Blue And Gold
Kaplan, R., & Kaplan, S. (1989). The experience of nature: A psychological perspective. New York: Cambridge University Press.
What is the Mighty Coala?
Logan wore his crown and carried his scepter to the interview - I had made the crown by sewing triangle bits of felt to the bit I had cut off my jeans when I hemmed them. It took me less than an hour to make the crown, and that includes having to search through a gazillion totes to find the felt!
Know that the progress we have made and the increases in achievement we have realized are, ultimately, the result of the work you do each and every day in the classroom. What goes on in our schools is the most important factor influencing student success.
After the movie they showed me this thing that I wrote when I was about nine or so, at my dads office. It was all about being against capitalism and giving power to the people. I probably had no idea what I was writing about and why.. But damn was I a smart kid. Then they lent me some of their old cd's. yayy
Not only is the mask hindering me but it is very possibly hindering another lady from experience the grace and mercy of God.
I'd like to enter this in:
White South Africans have been thrown to the wolves and left to be eaten by hyenas.
We have already secured the funds for another iPad thanks to the support of a couple of HEAVY-HITTING donors, and we are inches away from another, both of which we should be announcing officially next week, at which time I will also go over the Random Drawing we did and a few other dangling issues I want to cover.
Put that bag of fries behind you
4 TB of sucanat or coconut palm sugar
Theres a wonderful sketch for ya to play with made by our talanted Kylie. OOOh she makes the most amazing cards, every single time they are jaw dropping gorgeous. Shes my idol! I so wanna do it like she does it!;)
I found him in the grocery store with a funny look on his face. Apparently while walking to the grocery store, he realized that there was one other shop in the complex that we hadn't talked to so he stopped by. He didn't know what the shop was just based on the name so he stood outside for a moment to look for any identifying marks on the outside of the building that would help him figure out what kind of establishment was inside.
Impulsive
1 double
Provincial departments throughout the country face a collective 1,640 investigations as a result of irregular activity, particularly in supply-chain management - a division through which contracts and tenders are awarded to national and provincial departments.
The girls showed them in 4H for many, many years.
I happen to do at least one or two workshops every year teaching balloon sculpture. I've written about one of these workshops here. It occurred to me that the lessons I've learned from teaching balloon sculpture might be applied to homeschooling, so I'm using them as part of my carnival. After all, what's a carnival without balloon animals?
While the notice singles out agents, it is apparent that attorneys can be caught up in this as well(i.e., an attorney from CA filing an assignment for a NY client).
The hurricane of 1919 practically wiped out Port Aransas except for a very few fortunate buildings. The docks, wharf and warehouses were now on the mainland, and the whole of the island was flooded and infested with rattlesnakes seeking some kind of high ground. The rebuilding would be hard and long, as most towns in the region were bestowed the same fate, materials would become increasing hard to find and transport as well, so many would not return.
by Jesse Scully
With haughty distain.
flashes of lightning!
For the last several years we have tried a variety of activities for Mother's Day and the following activity is probably the easiest in some regards. It did take us a long time to finish and one of us had to be back at the tables the entire time but we also did this with 35 1st graders.
- In Lebanon any man may legally have sex with any animal just as long as it is a female.
After a while the finish goes really weird, even though it feels really drying it starts to look 'slimy'. It also begins to settle into every tiny line and crack in my lips, it's not very flattering. It makes my lips look very old and wrinkly and sometimes forms little 'balls' of pigment in the lines. It's weird because they all just seem to make my lips look worse instead of better. It's most obvious when i stretch my lips in a smile. If you have any dry or flaky skin on your lips this will show it up and Cosmopop and D'lilac look very chalky.
In all of our efforts
If you could have dinner with any author, who would it be and what would you ask him/her? Julie Lessman because when I read her work I just feel like we could be kindred spirits.
For hanging out with friends:
I checked my caller ID, and did a reverse look-up online, and it did go to Niemann Foods in Quincy, IL. Meant nothing to a supergeek like me: There's an app out there that will call your phone with anyone's phone number in the caller ID. Someone is yanking. my. chain.
Now, Dona Estrella has heard from her distant cousin again.....the monks will not be coming after all.
Yesterday Mom, (or 'Mama' as she likes to be called) made the mistake of not locking me up properly in "THE KENNEL." I managed to squeeze myself out of there while 'Daddy' said I should have been named 'Houdini,' whoever that is.
The Bible speaks clearly about demons being fallen angels and Satan being the leader. It talks about humans being overtaken by these demons and their every action controlled by them. It speaks of those who do not believe in God and Jesus being possessed to the point of their very souls being owned by them. It tells of people who are freed from this control but never totally surrendering to God and therefore being overtaken again. It tells us that Christians can yield their well-being to evil spirits and live in an oppressed state of being.
Truth is I'm barely hanging on
Our challenges will run 2 weeks, so every other Wednesday night/Thursday morning, depending on what area of the globe you live, there will be a NEW Challenge. You can use any images, stamps, etc. that you like as long as your challenge creation is NEW (no backlinking to previously made work) and follows our theme. You do not have to use images from
1/2 cup of toasted sesame seeds
All the employees were given these blankets that depicted the old Samaritan hospital and the new updated version. A nice keepsake.
So I'd tell Mainers to sign the anti-tax petition, then go home and write their legislators. Tell them that if they want Dirigo funded, man up and put it on the backs of all of Maine. Not just the people who like a drink.
1 lb pork belly (choose a piece with the skin still on if possible)
Outkast - Rosa Parks
#17 1976 Bruce Frazier Fabens 440 Yards 47.8
Being fashionable and stylish is not difficult. No, in fact it is rather simple when you focus on three parts to your wardrobe.
5) I would make sure that I spend enough time with him, we talk and talk
4. We display great endurance, patience and joyful thanksgiving to God
It was a scary thought.
conduct and should have reported it to the Corrupt Practices
The anger I feel ebbs and flows, fluctuating depending on my situation and surroundings. It is certainly not all I feel--I am constantly countering it with forgiveness, but I know the importance of really feeling anger to help heal and move on.
It all began with a series of articles of a well-known science magazine, or which Aloysius is an ardent reader. Dropping into his library one day, I found him sitting cross-legged upon the floor, with several copies of the magazine strewn around him. As I entered, he glanced up, made a dive for one of the magazines, and thrust it at me.
10. Do any foods bring back good memories?
The underlying premise of Sanctus is enticing - an ancient citadel in Turkish city that is possibly one of the old permanently and consistently inhabited places on earth. The citadel is home to a very reclusive order of monks who are rarely if ever seen out of the place. Rumours abound that they hold a very very dark secret inside the mountain that they have built on. One day a monk is seen standing on the very top of the mountain and suddenly he plunges to his death.
Which leads me to this post.
as a member of the Design Team @ Bird is the Word.
I've tried to use a variety of different paint effects on each of the mini canvases as well as use a few different products to make a texture sampler.
Lady Gaga confirmed via Twitter she'll be at the Thierry Mugler Paris fashion show.
There is a new on-line scrapbook store for you to shop!
Just heard today that Tim's books are on their way YAY !!!..... along with all the new colours of Distress Inks YAY !!!!..... just a couple more days to wait so keep checking the new products section of the site.
The title is a line from "Homesick" by the Kings of Convenience (a lovely Norwegian band if you've never listened to them).
Plaid Cymru
The last thing we would suggest is that you put on your altar a small branch of an evergreen, we prefer cedar as cedar was and is the sacred tree of the Cherokees, the indigenous peoples of your area. To those in other locations, feel free to choose an evergreen of your liking. If there are any other things that you would like to put on your altar, and you are absolutely clear about their relevance to the season, then by all means do so. You may wish, on the days that it snows, to sprinkle a little bit of artificial snow on the altar.
This article gets bonus points by referencing the war nerd.
8. Whopper - Kwalo Klobinsky's Lullaby
* Those who have read my poem Trading in the Vespa will know that riding one of these has been a dream. But don't worry, Sreylin is very responsible, she drove slowly, and I held on tight.
As luck would have it the library was full of research material. Who would have known that the Oregonians were in touch with their native roots? Oregon acknowledged their history of how it was before colonization. Local history was a requirement for graduation from high school. Not only did I find a wealth of reading material but I also found many people to engage in well-informed conversation on the topic. And then there were the local tribes as well. Being much less than 200 years since the first explorer came to Oregon, the previous civilizations were well represented in the present day.
and before you cast-on again,
Pork Tacos ~ Dry rubbed braised pork shoulder in corn tortillas with chipotle aioli and fresh cilantro. With rice & chips and salsa.
Never one to sit around knowing she could help her community, Georgia formed a non-profit food pantry and future youth development program on the Cheyenne River Reservation last year, Okiciyap (we help) the Isabel Community. Again, with the help of bloggers, who were inspired by her fierce dedication to her community, we raised enough money to get a trailer that the Tribe had donated into place, skirt it, build a wheelchair ramp, and get a couple of deliveries of food to distribute. Over 100 families were helped within the past couple of months. That is Georgia's legacy to her community.
He has 11 more than Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo, who has 43 in La Liga, 10 in the Champions League, three in the Copa del Rey and one in the Spanish Super Cup.
"When I was asked to come here today and talk to you, your pastor asked me to tell you what was the greatest lesson ever learned in my 50-odd years of preaching. I thought about it for a few days and boiled it down to just
Even though it was a busy day it was definitely one of my favorite days ever! We started back at school for the homeschoolers and I must say they were all eager about it. On top of that when B came home from work he had a present for all of us!!!! Starter plants of all variations for our raised garden beds as well as a few seeds. If all goes well we will have a nice assortment of fruit and veggies.
We had no idea.
Necklace - design by Sarah Balmer
(1) A levy of 5% of the monies received from all admission charges to the match shall be paid to the Scottish FA within three days of the date on which the match is played.
And I can taste that
I don't want to get my hopes up too much to have the dashed if it doesn't last. BUT, I am enjoying and rejoicing in every moment He gives me of days without horrible pain. I feel like the crushing of satan has been lifted and my soul can breathe again. I know that may sound weird. But, feeling like you are suffocating, can barely move, can hardly think, etc and then feeling mostly pain free, clear thinking, and being able to take deep breaths when you couldn't before, it feels like a grip has been let loosed.
Image coloured by Promarkers.
The tentative date for this shut down has been set at November 11, 2011 (2011/11/11) but as with many dates that have come and gone, the financial cabal will do everything in its power to prevent that from happening.
take it home in a paper bag
I have been trying to keep up with you all as time allowed, but I'm afraid I've been a bit light on commenting.
For only one time,
higher
At the age of four, Bryn watched a rabid werewolf brutally murder her parents. Alone in the world, she was rescued and taken in by Callum, the alpha of his pack. Now fifteen, Bryn's been raised as a human among werewolves, adhering to pack rule (mostly). Little fazes her.
Further discussion, however, lead to the disclosure that there is a group of coaches, the Elite Athletes Coaches Association, that is in the process of obtaining non profit status for their group.
This is me:
By all accounts London has really got it going on at the moment. But I wasn't there in 2011 so can't comment. My award goes to Prague for its ale revolution sitting atop a well-deserved reputation for kick-ass lagers. Well worth a weekend if you're anywhere in the vicinity.
On the morning of the third day an angel came and rolled away the stone at the entrance to the tomb. The guards were very frightened, and they fell down as if they were dead.
We discussed whether she should sew it up and make it into a lamp shade or just pull it out and start over. She chose the latter and I showed her how to frog. I then showed her how to avoid making trapezoids and she thanked me for being such a fun, positive teacher.
A very important race is tomorrow...
why in the hell would he be doing that you might ask? he's been carrying around this footlocker of anger/frustration over them most of the summer because of their lack of involvement in our kids' lives and the fact that they are shitty parents/grandparents. we spent hours rehashing his conversation that night, but basically he feels better, got a lot of his chest and they (once again) say that they want to be better, blah blah blah. i get the feeling that this might have been a repeat of a conversation my brother had with them about a year ago about communication and how they don't do it. whatever.
Light
younger boys day out with eldest today alhumdulilla -
Are fixin' to show you now
"Of course Andrea, there are many slang references to being sick, the Australians in particular have many funny ways of describing the act of throwing up." "Really?" he asked innocently. "Well, one that was very popular was 'calling God on the big white telephone'. I looked at Andrea, his brow creasing with thought. "Why call God.." he asked, thinking out loud, "...to ask to make you better?" "Not really, it's more when you have had too much too drink and you have to be sick..." and here I got down on my knees and made a circle with my arms around an imaginary lavatory bowl at which his quizzical look deepened, "..ohhhhhhh God", fake retch, "ohhhhhh God", fake retch.
I bit the bullet and ordered a few meters to try it out. All in all, I'm happy with my order. For $1 you can order a sample of their fabric weights, which I recommend doing first. Shipping cost were reasonable but it took a few weeks. However, they were upfront about that in their shipping information. I'd order from them again!
* Again, in June, the North West congress of the ANC Women's League was adjourned because of spiralling turf battles in the ruling party's structures countrywide. Police had to be called in and used rubber bullets to try and bring the situation under control.
We also have a birthday to celebrate (Hi Heather!) and some work to do. That T word. Maybe we will finish our secret yellow project.
I turned the wall to the right of the closet and opposite the window into a little library. I like that it's a mix of low shelves that he can access as he gets bigger and some slightly higher shelves.
Let me look into your eyes and see
( ) launch your own investigation to gather more information and to avoid wasting the Company's time.
DON't forget our Challenge ends on April 9....get those entries in!
So here is what I did to make this amazing cake. First you will need to bake two 9" cakes and 4 cupcakes. While the cakes were baking and cooling, I went ahead and started prepping for the decorating fun.
Remember when "Joe" the "plumber" said he had friends who were gay? And he said, and I'm paraphrasing here, but he said something like "They know where I stand, they know I'd never allow them anywhere near my kids." Why didn't the reporter say "give me the contact information for one of these gay friends?" Because you know damn well that he wouldn't be able to produce one.
11 Darkness on the Edge of Town
Salt- a pinch
fuck you
109 things you never wanted to know about me!
(All of Nancy's books are great, I have almost all of them!)
Lord, have your way. I give up everything I am today to follow you. I want to be your disciple more than I want to get my checklist done, more than I want to see my hope's come to pass, more than I want to have a perfectly clean house, more than I want quiet, mild-mannered children :) Lord, today I want you more than I want life itself today!!!
03. Exhuming McCarthy
-Everything that grows holds in perfection but a moment.
Official Closing of Registration: May 15, 2012
Preferably both at the same time: chocolate covered pretzels, kettle corn, peanut butter cups...You get the picture!
The point is, I have less time to myself than Big Ben. It takes me about a month to read a paperback at the moment, and I have to pencil in visits to the toilet on the calendar.
With Mercury having a high coefficient of thermal expansion, the patent suggests using a relief valve emptying into another chamber is used to ensure the system has a constant volume of fluid.
was a harbinger for further
I recently had my first trip to Las Vegas and it was definitely interesting! I've been wanting to go for so long and never had the opportunity. My husband has to go there frequently for business, so he doesn't see it as a vacation spot. Since it was an elusive destination for me, it obviously becomes more enticing. My husband once read a quiz to me: "What is your dream vacation? A. an island retreat B. European tour C. weekend in Las Vegas". He was surprised when I said Las Vegas. Of course I would've said Europe, but I pointed out Las Vegas because I hadn't been there yet!
Craft- What were the disciples doing when Jesus called out to them? (Fishing from their boat.)
2 shots espresso (I use decaf, you can also use strongly brewed coffee)
It's uncanny. They look exactly like Rosie! So now I have to read up on harriers. The only thing I know about harriers is that they look a lot like beagles, only bigger. Wikipedia says: "The harrier is cheerful, sweet-tempered, tolerant of people, and excellent with children. This pack dog is good with other dogs. ... It prefers life in a pack with people or dogs or both."
So just save yourself the hassle, and go to the Casa de Cambio to exchange your Euros, US or most anyother foreign currency. Unless of course you just really need to have the above experience for yourself.
"In order to act in the quickest manner, a voluntary action was needed and that is why I called for it at this morning's Board of Public Works meeting," Franchot said in a statement. "In this case, legislative action would simply have taken too long and put too many more lives at risk."The comments to these blogs state the obvious, of course.
I just looped the fabric through the handles and glued the bottom part of the fabric securely to each side of the inside of the book cover - making sure that the handles were even with each other vertically and horizontally.
I am not going to blast Roddenberry much more in this review, save to say he was not a very good writer. Like George Lucas, he can create wonderful universes, but he has to hand them over to others for them to shine. Roddenberry also made a mistake by using a script from the scrapped Star Trek: Phase II series as the script for TMP. One of the biggest problems with TMP is a slow paced, padded story that does not merit being a major motion picture. It is just not big enough.
One day, perhaps there will be a human one.
1. Make sure that on the Friday before they are met with some unexpected surprises. I started by taking him to lunch on Friday. (And even though my Granny and my mom showed up at the exact same restaurant at the exact same time and even though they waved at us and had the waiter seat them at our table, I was not undeterred. It just meant I had to come up with extra bonuses later in the day.)
Hosted Thanksgiving for 40
This card was extremely simple to put together.... one I made while at the retreat in Ontario last month....
Jaleel White left the pervy eyes at home and that is the secret to his success as he is dancing really, really well. He performs beautifully and the judges give him some great scores.
After dodging bullets on a first date, Savvy must sneak, deceive and spy to save her family and friends and figure out if Malcolm is one of the bad guys before she completely falls for him.
2 call
If you can imagine all of these things, then you can imagine what it feels like to have just a few of the symptoms of MS. What I described are only some of the symptoms that I have experienced, and I have not experienced the worst that MS has to offer a victim. Can you imagine even worse symptoms?
all his eyes on you --
They surround the great boat,
window that lets in
I saw this floral dress on Forever 21's website about a month ago and immediately knew I wanted it! Apart from the beautiful floral print, I really like its asymmetric shape. Even though I really liked it, I decided not to buy it because I had already spent too much money online (compulsive buyer here!).
her first concert.
I hope you are all well and I am trying to get back on a regular posting schedule...but when I get home at 7 or 7:30 and still need to eat dinner it's tough..
He said that at least he and his brother, President Thabo Mbeki, had worked in the family's spaza shop as children.
Good morning, everyone. I hope you have a wonderful and blessed day!
don't say i didn't warn you.
Casey: Chuck, I never did like you. Oh, but God, hold me tight.
Q: I notice that lots of women who are into fashion have these stacks of bracelets, sometimes with watches. They go way up their arms sometimes. This is a new trend that I want to start trying. How can I get the right mix of bracelets, and can I wear them on both arms at the same ... (To continue reading, subscribe.)
Do I want every animal I come in contact with to have the best chance what-so-ever? Absolutely -
9. Constantines - Shower of Stones
( I am curious to know what is the feeling that passes through me. I wonder what I can do to express my boundaries to her and feel different ).
One of the possible conclusions from this experience could be:
Now the two of them have been thrown together once again, reluctant chaperones of a group of orphan children in a post-apocalyptic world where the dead still walk...and feed. As they begin their pilgrimage to the last human outpost on Earth, can they find a way to let go of old hurts and find the love they lost--all the while attempting to save what's left of the human race?
Another place that people seem to have a unique ability to ignore the rest of humanity is the self-checkout line at the grocery store. Granted grocery stores do a terrible job of clarifying where people should line up, but most people figure it out. Inevitably, when the store is busy and people are lined up, someone will cluelessly, or so they pretend, stroll up right behind the registers and jump the line.
Which is better? Why does it seem there is always that decision? Is it possible to have both? Is it possible to be happy even if you know that you have not done the things you originally set out to do?
Lee and Hasegama created a list of 210 key vocabulary words -- body parts, basic verbs, numbers and pronouns -- and duplicated that list across 59 different dialects.
I colored the image with the SU markers, stamped onto Whisper White and then used the Designer Frame to emboss the image. I have a silver of Riding Hood Red under that and finally layered with Whisper White that I cut out with one of my Scalloped border dies.
As of 9/22/11, the following books are still available:
the delicious reawakening. We can finally taste again.
The greater preference for energy production over environmental protection in recent years likely results from the economic downturn, given that Americans have made economic matters their highest priority. There was a brief exception in the spring of 2010, however, after the Gulf of Mexico oil spill brought environmental issues back to the forefront.
Wednesday, March 30 - Somerville Theater - Boston, MA
It's too late for mushy "we need to have a conversation" talk. You and many of your fellow British know perfectly well who shouldn't be there. Your oppressors believe they don't need to bother having a conversation with you.
It has been found that at least half of the world population believes in the existence of angels, guardian angels and other spiritual beings, but what are angels? Are they real? Do they really exist or are they a figment of our imagination? All of these questions and more will be answered in this chapter.
I was thinking about why this blog means so much to me. I have many hobbies, all of which are rather social. I ride my horses and do my dance and theater and singing with other people. I cook in isolation. I can share the finished product with others and love doing so, but I'm always in the kitchen alone. My husband doesn't cook. My local friends don't cook - even most of my non-local friends don't cook. I dont' have people I can share tips and recipes with and talk about food with.
And breath by breath and death by death
Oh, I see I've said 2012 in one of those dates at the end, which timewarps us to Christmas this year. That's clever. I'm not redoing the graphic though. I'll be a Timelord instead. Dr Me, that's Who.
2. Crisp up bacon, cut into small pieces and set aside. Drain bacon grease from pan and reserve 1 Tbsp. for later.
Does it help having celebrities involved to increase awareness?
Even if you're not a fan of either the band or the browser I'd say download the latter and interact with the music video from the former.
coke mixed in the piss and puke.
Patient: "Because it's free."
Cleaning like a mad woman week.
It feels good to be back...I have really missed you guys.....
Parents, she said, would like to stay at home with their kids, but when they can't because they have to work, they don't want to see their best efforts "thwarted" by those they entrust their children to. That includes the mothers of babies: The breastfeeding component of LMCC will include educating mothers about the benefits of breastfeeding, and making it possible for working mothers to bring their pre-pumped milk to facilities, so it can be given to their babies. Mothers should also be welcomed to visit the childcare facilities to breastfeed during the child care day, according to the East Wing.
About that fall-apart, nay, come-from-behind. However you want to label the ability to bring back the glory, or inversely, leave behind the gold, this game can strike down the staring and make active the weak.
Umm, this is a little embarrassing, but that description is spot on! I'm sure my family is all laughing now. Up until a year ago, my family room was navy and burgundy, my living room is burgundy and forest green, my bedroom was navy and burgundy. Now I've really updated and my family room is brown and barn red (see here), and my bedroom is beige. lol Yes, my house is predictable and boring which was exactly why I was looking at all these sites. :)
Except at Halloween, of course! Halloween is the one time of the year when whiteys can dress up as offensively as they like without fear of being sent to the dog house.
I've shifted my personal @newalbanian Twitter feed from Potable Curmudgeon to NA Confidential, and replaced it here at the beer blog with @nabcnews. This makes more sense, because I'm tending to tweet about local affairs and politics. Beer will continue to be in the mix, but now that I'm once again a member of the principled opposition to Hoosier fascism ... well, let's keep matters separate.
field peas with snap beans, and smothered potatoes.
Halton police Detective Steve Skerrett said the group was part of a larger number of protesters who moved onto the property after a peaceful demonstration to seek a meeting with Wescam officials. Skerrett did not have names of those arrested.
Dave Thibodeau, Ska's president and co-founder, leads a brewery that has rode a wave of mushrooming sales of craft cans. "There are very trace amounts of BPA in the liner of the can," he said in an email. "The levels are far less than that of steel cans and also way below what the FDA says is safe."
The Jamaican Black Strap is not a scary drink. You may or may not believe me depending on your view of the two primary ingredients: molasses and Jamaican rum. I happen to love Jamaican rum. This fact alone would have floored Mr. Baker, who many times asserts that most ladies have a strong dislike for the stronger, more pungent Jamaican rums. I do not particularly disagree with his assertion--indeed, some women probably would find the funkier rums a bit too, um, well, funky for their liking. I would add, however, that, as with most things, this fact does not apply to women alone. Leaving bold statements about gender stereotyping aside, why is Jamaican rum so challenging? The easy answer: it comes down to production.
I loved the fun die cut elements and how the sentiment was centered over them. I moved things around a little, to get the look I want, but still have a very cute little card. You can view the sketch here.
Same thing happened with computer games.
Recent research into ancient southern African history, carried out by people like Dr. Cyril Hromnik, Richard Wade, Johan Heine, and a few others, has revealed that Africa was once home to a vast community of intelligent humans. Amazing evidence of ancient temples, and the remains of a huge ancient metropolis that once formed part of a larger community that is estimated to be in the region of 10,000 square miles, are just some of the incredible discoveries that are now being researched.
I grant I never saw a goddess go, -
And once you've painted them they're waterproof!
And the young men who move in your circles
But as we proceeded to our interview, what I discovered from this intimidating presence was a somewhat shy but open-minded gentle individual.
So, do you think I can pull off another 12,500 through the month of December?
But what about Faribault area residents, museum curators, and local and state historians?
The M stands for severe muscle pain, severe musclefatigue, and most of all an abnormally delayed muscle recovery after doing trivial things.
hey
And, I'm totally annoyed with all the greeting card choices for VD. I was LOOKING for a card that read "I can tolerate you", but alas - I could not find THAT card in the sea of d*mn mushy cards. ALL the cards were too d*mn mushy! Does anybody REALLY like mushy? REALLY?!
Here is my card. I choose to do a tone on tone card to match the Pattern paper inside.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch "Fishface" McConnell said "We're going to make sure that America still is number one in the world in defense, and we're not sure that with these cuts we're going to be able to do that, to stay number one." So they want to be number one in defense. Number one in anything else? Not so much. Being number one in clean air and clean water? Not important. Being number one in access to health care? Not important. Being number one in the lowest rates of poverty or hunger? Not important. Being number one in the ability to kill people? That's what's important.
"How can he act this way, how can he talk normally to me? I look at him curiously, like a science experiment, at his blue eyes-slate blue, it turns out- and his strangely shaped nose, and I feel as if I'm floating above him, as if I'm a hospital patient flatlining."
Somehow because the woman chose to stay home, it also became her JOB to take care of the entire house.
- a glass each of sake
For younger students you can do this together on the board.
Remove from the water bath and cool to room temperature. This will take longer than one hour. Remember earlier when I mentioned that it was a good thing that I tested this recipe? If you turn the cake out too soon, the flan layer will slide right off of the cake layer. Still delicious, just not very pretty. At all.
This Word, this God, this Heaven
I really should pack my hospital bag just in case anything happens soon. I've had a couple mild contractions while typing up this blog post actually. Usually I just get the tightness in my belly from the Braxton Hicks but these were a little painful. It's kind of scary knowing I'll be going into labor within the next month. I know this is what my body was made to do, but it's still intimidating and nerve-racking. I just have to think of the positive and that is that we will all have a beautiful blessing added to our lives at the end of it all. I can't express enough how lucky Jake, Jaxon and I are that we have such supportive family and friends. We love you all so much and wish we lived closer so we could physically be there with you guys.
Crush the Oreos in a food processor reserving a few of the crumbs to garnish
It sounded great, and I wanted to know how much.
Easy monday's in where I review romantic comedies.
I've been learning a lot about amendments to the soil, mulching, feeding, and watering, too. But that's for another day and another blog post.
I have the most striking beautiful flowers.
Sir William Muir (Scottish orientalist):
Corruption of morals in the mass of cultivators is a phenomenon of which no age nor nation has
I watched a fish jump out of the water in front of the pier and released a long exhale. Day in and day out it had been fish, shark, crabs and shrimp. Sure it was a variety, but still seafood.
We each express ourselves in our own unique ways with our own unique gifts and talents
And the voice. Surprisingly soft. Mellifluous. In almost three decades that was all he had ever seen or heard of Bartleby himself.
1. Good choice?
-1/4 Teaspoon apple cider vinegar
*2 tablespoons flour
We have our Celestial Molecule, our human molecule and the charge of energized molecule that is creating one full molecule. Instead of being and acting separately, they are fusing into one. I am so sorry, that is about the best way I can describe it.
I know that ultimately, I will not be working there forever, it is just a matter of when the job ends, not if. People tell me I should quit but this is where I have my health insurance and frankly, I don't know if I am up to starting a new job right now.
12. Help Me Make It Through the Night
Scott is sick and the girls had fevers, that quickly went away. Just lots of crankiness! I do NOT like crankiness! Probably because I have so much of it!
SCHNEIDER - Weisse
We're excited.
her dark skin smooth
La Creme Cow can be found in the dairy section of your local Loblaws or Metro grocery stores (including No Frills and Real Canadian Superstore) nationwide and in the following formats:
But right now my little girl needs me to be more for her. And that is enough.
I found some nice fresh scallops in the wet market recently. Initially I wanted to use them for steamboat but did not do so when I found that their shell break easily. I don't want the shell broken pieces in my steamboat!
'If your heart stutters with pain and hope
Anyway, I find this method to be more helpful to me than any other. Your mileage may vary, but it works for me!
*What if your library is not willing to order the sorts of books you would like your own kids to read? Check around town and see if there are any larger churches with libraries who are willing to allow checkouts to homeschooling families. Also, you can see if your local or state homeschool group has any sort of lending library that they maintain. This might be the best place to get those books about homeschooling that you have wanted to read for a long time.
The lucky winner is Martha Ellen! Please email me your address and I will get this most happy butterfly apron off to you.
The column looks curiously out of place today, even if the Bourse de Commerce that blankets it was designed in a similar classical style. It looks like an extravagant chimney, or a rather absurd decorative feature, but given this, it is still easy to overlook it in the congested landscape of Les Halles.
Hear them jingling as She dances in the night sky?
Good morning all. I hope you had a great weekend, they always seem to fly by so fast in a blink of an eye.
of paper on
Draft 5: Holy crap, there's a typo on page 1. I must do another 10 read-throughs.
kaye gave an invite to every kid in t's headstart class and several friends were also invited. kaye, bilbo and i put a lot of time and effort into making it a great day for t.willie. we put up construction caution tape everywhere and made "road work" signs for along the driveway.
That's what surprised me most about this book - the underage drinking, getting into clubs on false ids, spiked drinks, knife crime, alcoholism. Yes, all this goes on in real life. Yes, I guess all kids of the target audience range will be aware, to a greater or lesser extent, of all this. But I was surprised these things make it into books aimed at teens. (That's why I said I realise now I didn't know what YA fiction really was. When I was that age, there was no such genre. When you grew out of Enid Blyton and Arthur Ransome, you read your mum's Catherine Cooksons and Shirley Conrans, or your dad's Arthur C Clarks. Well, that's what I did anyway. It was that or my brother's Commando comics.)
I created the template for the ice cream pint from the easy sounding process of "trial and error". It should be called "trial and nightmare" - round shapes (especially lids and bottoms) can be real pain to do from scratch.
I have always imagined Alaska to be a land of scenic beauty and wonder, one of the last great nature refuge's on earth. And I'm sure it is, but you might not notice that from this series. Here, Alaska seems like a lonely, cold, and desolate place.
before you were born I set you apart;
That's right! Driving as well as shooting! With two guns! It might be a common thing these days but back in the late 80's/early 90's, only Chase HQ had the police chase, shooting and driving angle really nailed. Lucky & Wild allowed you and a buddy to be cops chasing down and shooting the shit out of everything on screen.
Thankfully, once I put my time into these projects (especially 1 and 5), the percentages will change.
From my blog you will hop on over to see what fabulous new stamps GEZ uses. Can't wait to hear what your favorite ones are!
In this, the first part, I'll be covering the first step and sometimes the hardest: figuring out what to do to the item of clothing.
He guides me in the paths of righteousness
Have a lovely day y'all!
In August 2000, Veronique was attending an Indian classical dance workshop in the south of France, in Rodez, when she felt the inexplicable need to rush to a nearby cathedral and light a candle for Collins.
Yesterday, when I was young......
My initial idea was to make a ticket reward system to encourage my 12 year old to clean her room, pick up her toys and read a little extra each day. She is way too into playing on the computer and watching TV. Anyhow, that will still happen, but it didn't for this challenge. I was trying to get my fabric organized, when I found myself frustrated with all of my fabric scraps. I honestly didn't know what to do with them. AND then I had a "That's The Ticket" moment. I started to think hard and heavy about hexagons. And English paper piecing. Something I NEVER thought I would do. (Never say never, it'll turn around and bit you in the butt one day.) And now I have started using my scraps to make these:
* What advice do you have for anyone interested in working with Smart Quill Editorial?
Geoffrey Chaucer put the matter pithily and beyond answer in The General Prologue:
This crazy feeling
He walks along-side his doe-eyed donkey
However, there must not be kneejerk amendments.
More journal pages:
Kids going in five directions - end of school year hoopla
* I am also thankful for the beauty of autumn and the fun of carving pumpkins.
This ends the first edition of Royals monthly, thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy even if your not a fan of the team.
Last week was United Nations week in NYC. President Clinton hosted the Clinton Global Initiative at the mid town Sheraton Hotel. There were 9 black SUVs with Maryland and DC license plates - a large van with no windows manned by armor vested men - a swarm of men in black suits, ear phones and lapel pins - an emergency medical van - 7 NYC police cars - 2 large NYC police vans with flashing lights at each end of the block - and a swarm of NYC police officers - all there to protect one man!!!
Plus, her style is so cute, vintage and romantic. Not only her outfits are amazing, she usually sports a perfect vintage inspired hairstyle and make-up.
In sessions past we have worked our way through beers in a particular style, beers for a particular season or beers from a particular brewery.
Snuggled in a wooded setting among farmlands along the River Maigue is the quaint village of Adare. On your journey to Dromoland Castle we will stop in this charming town for lunch and a brief visit before heading to Newmarket-on-Fergus.
So to my friend, Tracey Barrow, have an extra special 40th Birthday all the way from Afghanistan, be seeing you soon and as always, love ME. xxx
Up until a couple of weeks ago, I didn't even know that Google Page Ranks even existed.
as eternity unfolds.
More later!
1 fl oz orange juice
Onion dip mix use to be one of the prepackaged guilty pleasures that my family indulged in once a year. Add a pint of sour cream and you have heaven on a potato chip. Having one dipped chip is not an option.
Hope you enjoyed the card. Do drop by and visit my fellow DT members for more inspiration! And if you have time, we hope you will play along with the challenge!
Some folks say that their solar origin grants these special cats magical properties, they are said to bring good luck and attract positive energy. Also, these cats are very loved and appreciated in Oriental countries; it's common knowledge that whoever possesses one should cherish and treasure her.
Here at my new firm these were some of the first people I got to know (after my boss and fellow trainees). It has helped already, and I am sure I will continue to benefit from their knowledge and assistance during my time here.
I even said it.
Nice try, Red Runner, you asshat
We knew at that point we were putting away the potty for a few more months, most likely until after our move in June.
TIME: 6:01 PM
Date: Monday 7th May 2012
These are the women who have lost their own thoughts, their own voices, their own independence, after years of unending verbal and or physical abuse. These women become the doormats of overpowering male bastards who want nothing more than to dominate and control.
even the sturdy might quake and quail
There's an oppressive competence to the Eagles' first album of new material in - yes, folks - 28 years. The close harmonies still hold. The sweet melodies continue to flow. And the words uphold a vintage mix of sentimentality and indignation. No true Eagles fan will walk away from these 20 tracks feeling wholly ripped off or misled.
Don't forget to hop over to the challenge blog and see what the rest of the DT have created.
The health ministry said more than 150 people were injured on Wednesday and that many were receiving treatment at a nearby field clinic.
The buttons on the shoes are colored in with silver metallic pen as are the toes of the shoes...You can't see it well in this picture but the saying has a silver metallic scalloped oval behind it..I used the deconstructed sketch for this card which I really liked...Be sure to stop by Sassy Studio Designs to check out this awesome challenge..
see you on November 14 and 15 at the Global Pinoy Bazaar. Suportahan natin ang likhang Pilipino. :)
I am a crisis junkie.
David Levithan
We all are a work in progress. I did something recently that was a mistake and I had to ask for forgiveness. It is especially bad when you do it to someone who you really care about. As I said, we ALL are a work in progress.
Yes, and...?
Although Jesus used this figure of speech, they did not realize what he was trying to tell them.
Me #2: No, not really. I can TOTALLY see why people buy these babies. You can get that lamination done in your PJs.
Dries said he and his sister Zeldi van Straten, 43, were deeply concerned about their mother because she has heart problems and high blood pressure.
Sometimes (and by 'sometimes', I mean every single day), there is so much amazingness on the internet that I'm overwhelmed with the task of keeping up. Here are some awesome things I've found recently.
She tells the story of how she came to the conclusion that ignoring her children is a good idea:
Empire is a gorgeous color addition to the family but sadly it is limited edition. Dragon is permanent. If you're looking for a pigmented pink with subtle gold shimmers, look no further. Below is a shot with Empire in the bright sunlight so you can see the shimmers better.
I'm looking forward to make pizza on the grill again.
Watching the slow procession through,
Basically, as I like to tell her almost everyday, I saved her life. I was like a superhero, mask and all.
My gorgeous girl has been incredibly brave, so much more than I ever would have been. She took it all in her stride, let nurses, doctors, consultants, surgeons and plaster technicians assess the damage and ask her questions. I'm very proud of her. It feels like we've done a lot of messing about but the most important thing is that she's absolutely fine, albeit in a plaster-cast. And I'm knackered!
I look upon me not as the under,
If someone owns a building, why is it not up to them who can stay in there? They own it, not the state. The state really should fuck off.
Assume the best possible intentions. I assume the giver of advice is trying to help me, instead of trying to make me feel bad. Probably offering what worked for her or someone she knew. Even if it seems obvious or it's advice I don't agree with, thinking about this changes my thoughts from annoyed to grateful. I can see that most people mean well.
Right, if there are no questions, let's make a start.
As a Catholic, I believe in the inherent dignity of the human person. Furthermore, I take seriously Gareth Moore's insight that, "Christian life is a preparation for the restoration of all things when Christ comes as king." We are called to live our lives here and now as we will live them in God's Kingdom. To my mind, this starts with recognizing our mutual human dignity, treating one another as persons rather than as objects.
We the strong have realized that our lives go by each day and that we can still have our fun while maintaining the character we have grown into. The experiences we share from here on out will be some of the most gratifying we could have possibly imagined. Children, marriage, family. Success in school, in business and in life. It is amazing when remembering the trenches we have laid in together to see so many of us leading lives of fulfillment, and at the same time it is not surprising to see some of us have fallen off. All I can say is that I hope we are each strong enough to cut loose the parasitic drains on us that some family and friends have become. I will not single anyone out because you know who you are and which side of the fence you know reside on. Keep growing my friends who are, and remember to hedge the weeds that try to impede you or drag you down. They are not worth your anger, or your time, as you have done all you can for them and probably more than you should have.
I found these jeans while unpacking a box of stuff a few weeks ago- a weird mix of hangers, vintage men's clothing, and Chris's stuff- and decided to try them out. Since then, they've officially become my new hang-around pants, about 1,000 times better than sweats.
My final dinner in Charlottesville was at Orzo Kitchen, which I had visited during the Rioja Crawl, and which seemed like it might be an interesting restaurant. Though a casual place, it also has a certain sense of elegance about it. The food menu is a Mediterranean blend of Italian, Greek, Spanish and French cuisine, and the wine list is mostly from those same regions. The menu has Appetizers ($7-$10), Salads ($7), Pasta ($16-$18), Meats & Seafood ($16-$22), and Sides ($3-$5).
Awwwww, ain't I cute?
But what I take issue with most is Hanoch Daum's assertion that "the other" side is capable of horrific actions that, presumably, his side would never engage in. Yes, the old, tired argument "They hate, we don't; the Jews don't do these things."
Trace the template on to the paper side of the Heat & Bond. Remember that the machine will be reversed when you cut it out so make sure you flip the template before tracing it on the paper. See picture above.
Proxy Detailing:
"He sustained some injuries and he was taken to hospital, leaving behind the truck with the load."
Oct 10 - Sticky Fingers - Little Rock, AR
And now I will show you a picture of my little offspring, Emalia. She's a bit upset at the moment because mommy won't let her attack the computer keys, so we'll take a photo instead!
As the last in depth technical F1 book was the heavy weight title from Peter Wright showcasing Ferraris F1 technology from 2000, this remains a useful source of recent F1 technology.
"Dr. Savour, our Chief of Psychiatry, thinks it's fear."
I sometimes think it would be a good idea to write in silence. Like, it would be more pure or something. But with two small kids, the idea of actually achieving silence is pretty much impossible. It's either write to music or write to the sound of epic action figure battles in the next room. Which sometimes I do.
05. Old Time rock and Roll
"From the Christian standpoint, marriage is a relationship of love in which a man and a woman model for each other the self-sacrificial nature of Christ's love for His church."
Wow, why do I feel like an awkward 4th grader passing a note.
I guess it's become popular these past few years to say that people won't attend conferences because they can meet in the Gopher Chat Rooms and on MySpace, or whatever the kids are into now. You can twitter away all day chatting with people. You don't have to wait in line at a signing table to meet authors. You can shoot them a message online. Email them. MyFace chat. You can connect for free, without having to battle the "Bring Out Your Dead" piles of flesh at the Atlanta airport or $12 hotel bar bourbon.
responsible for what I say and do,
Towards the end of my Junior year of high school my family started going to a new church. We knew the pastor and his family and were very excited to join their church. Right after we started, they had a function for Memorial Day weekend and we decided to go. It was out at the property of a family that went to the church. This family had a large pond in their backyard surrounded by a beach of white sand (sound familiar? If you have been watching my vlogs, it should).
Remade a few years later, with sound, as Kongo, it's hard not to draw comparisons between Tod Browning's version and the later film, so closely do they hew to the same template. There are a few substantial differences -- the remake cuts out the extended stage-magic prologue that no doubt fascinated Browning, always a fan of unusual theatre folk, and also adds in a significant character -- but for the most part the narrative is almost jarringly similar, entire scenes playing out with near-identical results. The sound version is, if anything, rather more thoroughgoing in its seediness, layering further outrages on the manifold moral excesses already onscreen in 1928.
For the second year in a row, Simon Says Stamp and Show & The Simon Says Stamp Challenge teams are joining forces to bring you a SUPER blog hop and treasure hunt to celebrate STAMPtember!
havn't got back the momentum for baking after CNY... but made some agar agar coz we are having a CNY cum gambling session at J's place tonight!!
If I knew you and you knew me.
1 cup whipping cream
Edward F. Beyea, 42, New York, N.Y.
I remember when you came to see me
Pappa made sure of that. It was a tradition he wanted continued.
News10/KXTV
Thing to Think About Today:
Thanks Moda for the fun hop and for supplying me with wonderful giveaways! Lucky winners, please shoot us an e-mail with your address at notions@frenchgeneral.com with Blog Hop Giveaway in the subject line and we will ship out a French General surprise box. Thanks for playing and sorry about the tardiness of the post last week - but I think I caught it just in time!
It's been "one of those days". You know, the kind where you run around nonstop but don't actually get to anything on your to do list? Yep, "one of those days..."
This beer is another in my line of Dumas inspired beers. I had been tinkering with the idea of a Mazarin inspired beer for awhile, and I wanted something with hints of Italy (wine yeast), a bit of nuttiness and a deep red color. Luckily I had a bunch of sour cherry juice that I needed to use up, and not a single lambic/etc ready for fruit. Generally I'm not a big proponent of fruit in non-sour beers, but I think that I might be slowly drifting away from that. It's really interesting to look at what Ive brewed over the years, you can really identify different influences and interests that send me in one direction only to move away from it several months later.
"People high on the neurotic scale essentially have the exact opposite view of the past and are less happy as a result.
Thanks for looking. I'm entering this card into two challenges.
(c) the corporation shall conduct a public hearing pursuant to such notice, provided that such public hearing shall not take place before the adoption or the filing of such plan by the corporation;
Information in hand, I marched back to my house to retrieve my friend (who hadn't been informed of the situation) chuck some handy supplies in a bag (torch, candles, water, mozzie repellant, first aid kit) and then retreated to higher ground. Soon everyone had gathered. As a very small place, more of a retreat than a resort, there were only about 20 guests and we hunkered down with the staff on a rustic bare-board platform perched on top of the jungle clad hill. This was where, the cooks told us, villagers spent days after the 2004 tsunami that had wiped out their homes, tying themselves to trees to prevent their families being washed away.
1/2 cup canola oil (reduced from 2/3 cup on the original recipe)
524 Rt. 9/I-84
Stop number 1: Thailand.
For the past few days I had been sinking into the longest and deepest writing slump of my life. At the start of October, I had decided to do NaNo. It would have been my first NaNo and I was tremendously excited. I decided to plan a rough outline of the MG novel I would be re-writing as well as outlining books 2 and 3.
Anyway, at the end of last week and this weekend we've had Stevie's parents staying with us. At this point I should mention that in actual fact I am far more tolerant of his parents than he himself is. I sometimes get the impression that he could quite happily wave them back on the plane an hour and half after their arrival. Much as I'd love to outline where my tolerance breaks down, I will resist, because you just never know who's reading. And it's not that I have written down all the hundreds of little funny anecdotes I have, more because they are super defensive and wouldn't appreciate the little tales I tell about their son.
EDITOR: Mideast?
Who flaps too hard
The story is about a very pregnant Vidya Bagchi looking for her very missing husband Arnab Bagchi in Kolkatta. Arnab who has left Vidya at London for a 2 week assignment in Kolkotta goes missing, missing and how. There is no trace of the man anywhere, but the very trusting wife believes that he is in trouble and searches for him earnestly. Has Arnab cheated and impregnated Vidya and left her? Does he even exist? Will Vidya be able to find her husband? Watch the movie to experience it all along with Bidya oops Vidya.
and it would fit nicely in a corner or
Thanks you guys for stopping by. Make sure you stop back by tomorrow for a very special treat. You won't want to miss.
How can this be?
and other delights that you WILL be smitten with! "
Blair's limited moves in the direction of privatizing both schools (the city academies) and health-care (the increasing "farming-out" of NHS patients to other providers) are however at least in the right direction as far as conservatives are concerned. And to move a party that was once the party of unilateral nuclear disarmament to being the party of Iraq intervention and a pro-U.S. foreign policy generally was a quite astounding Rightwards shunt to that party. But that is what Blair did to the British Labour Party (not without opposition, of course). Contemporary British Conservatives are ineffectual largely because Blair has stolen their clothes.
She passed today! Her eyes are fully developed! Baby N had his appointment today too. We had fun in the waiting room:) I m glad I don't have to watch her eyes being probed with metal instruments anymore. Baby Kevin was a big boy in the waiting room...thanks to Ashley and a sticker book.
Lord Falconer, of course, is perfectly free to set up an ad hoc committee to take evidence and make recommendations to Parliament. It is a free country and he has every right to try and influence public policy.
The slutwalk campaigners (according to Yasmeen) state that men target women because of the way they dress. It all starts with a whistle, then inappropriate comments, in most cases they become aggressive. This behavior makes women feel imprisoned as it stop them from wearing what they want to wear. It make women think twice about their choice of clothing. I agree with the that fact that no woman should be blamed for provoking rape or sexual violence based on what she wears. I believe that an unsound and sick mind will do what it wants to do, irrespective of dress code. If you recall there was a story reported last year of an 80 year old woman who got raped in her home. What could she have possibly been wearing for the guy to do this? This is sick behavior and unacceptable and for no minute should excuses be made for any rapist or sexual abuser including blaming the dress code.
I do have tile to lay at the farmhouse:
And we were riding float #116 out of about 130 floats, with horses, football teams, marching bands, and the like interspersed throughout.
SCC: Those were marvellous and enlightening answers, Celia. Thank you for being so honest, and for giving us all a peek inside your head. Honestly, Lovely Readers - go and buy this book now - today. It's an absolute must-read winner, and I predict it'll be on every 2012 prize list!
Democrats and bitter, small-minded blacks insist on forcing blacks into their "black box." They say authentic blacks must have had a "ghetto experience."
Thank God!
He also participated for 5 months in a DARPA internship, holds one patent, and is a graduate of the 2011 Singularity University Graduate Studies Program.
2.Donate
You can pound the slices yourselves with back of you knife.
Brimming with respect and gratitude Tara turned to get another coffee and saw Ron watching her.
Really dig the work of North Carolina based photographer Jeff Holt. The shots he's chosen to feature on his site are grainy, moody and downright epic. All his work seems to be imbued with a love for life on a grand scale and his selected works view like a road-trip full of troubles and triumphs. Under the info section of his site he put his love for what he does like this.
Beauty: AKA the Purr Factor
Love Gun
#217 & #218 Roger Clemens / Derek Jeter (Yankees)
Pam put her heart and soul into this event and I am proud to be affiliated with it. For anyone interested in attending (whether you are in the real or virtual world) please find the event on Facebook or through the link in this post.
Why is the Word coming a second time? To make God known to a people who refuse to repent and believe. The first time, Jesus made God known as Savior. The second time, Jesus will make God known as Judge.
Roasted Pepper Sorrel Coulis
Counterfeiters are always one step ahead because they continuously adapt to technological and legislative change. To make up the leeway, there is an ever-increasing number of ongoing policy and legislative initiatives.
Change is certainly needed; in particular, the state effectively grants monopolies to a few lucky private, for-profit beer and wine wholesalers. These regulatory privileges should be struck from state law in the name of fairness and competition.
happy birthday :: on the upside, grey goes with everything.
Through it all, he maintained a quiet dignity and grace that was inspirational to me, and through it all his wife kept her faith, her sense of humor and her compassion -- and never once became bitter despite this terrible curveball that life threw at their family.
Secondly, we have the "Download PR Material" section. Here you can download some promotional posters.
Reading this book has made me curious about Scottish history. I was thinking about looking online to see if this war is a true story and what the outcome was, but I didn't want to ruin the ending for myself. But trust me, I will be checking into the history when I'm done reading.
Lastly, has anyone seen the new Harry Potter movie? If you're planning to go, a word of advice. Take Kleenex. Especially if you've read the books, because you'll be able to appreciate what's happening on a deeper level. Yes, there are changes and differences, but it's still a wonderful ending to the series. I want to go back.
My blog was discovered during a google search for a dead relative.
I am so sentimental aren't I?! So if you think you have have something you know where I am!!
People, I think it's important you learn from my mistakes.
It carries a lot of reasons to celebrate and be joyful!
Rivonia Unmasked: The True Story of Nelson Mandela
And in the Holy Ghost.
I know. It's crazy how long I've been MIA, but it's only because August has been filled with a crap ton of life. The good kind. That translates to consumption, people, if I'm honest: food, drink, adventure, work, love, and a little bit of heartache. Some things I captured in pictures, some I didn't dare. Here's the quick recap:
Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling. I've heard J.K. Rowling disparaged before because she hasn't written anything since, but I would say she's not just a one-trick pony. Her world-building is spectacular. You can see her growth from book to book as she becomes more experienced and takes creative license as she gains her audience's trust.
Written by: Terrance Dicks and Malcolm Hulke
Back to the subject I guess...
He thanked me for telling him these things and wandered away. I saw him later sitting on one of the back seats, watching the leaders in the room. Which made me feel better about what I did. I would like to think that I may have helped someone perhaps stay in the scene, as opposed to never understanding why everyone is "snobby" and leaves to go salsa or grow bonsai or something else other than tango.
Guess you are wondering where my other 2 images are....
We have the Squisha and Koscielny till the end of the season so we should all hope and pray that they combine their French heads together and start putting commanding performances as a new unit.
Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot. Saute 3 cups of chopped leeks (white and light green parts only) and 4 tablespoons fresh chopped thyme in the oil. Make sure leeks are soft but still slightly crisp. Remove half of leek mixture and set aside. Add 1.25 pounds broccoli crowns and 3 cups of vegetable broth. Boil covered for 8-10 minutes. Cool slightly and puree in batches in a blender, returning pureed mixture to the pot each time. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve in large bowls, sprinkling reserved leeks and thyme on top.
Know that everyone who reads this will be praying for you, just like the saints.
We have just returned from a family holiday in a campervan, so you will just have to excuse me while this turns into a bit of a travel blog, boring you with details of this little family's road trip. In the meantime, here's a snapshot!
Sharon, take a look, my friend.
We'd never been into Cardiff Castle, though we'd heard about the wonderful Victorian decor of the place, and I'd picked up a very old guide book.
The Story-- Anastasia is about to graduate from college, and she does a big favor for her roommate and best friend. She interviews the elusive Christian Grey, 27 year old entrepreneur and millionaire. She is struck by the cold and stark feeling of his office and staff, but she's also drawn to Christian and is nervous in his presence.
and colorful little peppers, oh and plums. it was awesome!
When quinoa has absorbed all the liquid, fold in cream cheese and herbs.
With a timeless classic, Jaz sang the late Etta James beautifully. However, it has all been done before and sparked no new style or exclaimation point as to whom or what Jaz stands for.
Loki, was thinking too high for himself and his stick is awesome (I mean his weapon). He can mind control by "poking" people hearts and split himself like Naruto. He is kind of sneaky person, love to backstab and frontstab people, and he got genius intellect. And his genius intellect might be one of his weakness.
So lucky to spend time together.
Clean Green Sask taking donations to pay for venue.
"But what about your mother?" she asked. Uh-oh.
6pm-12am
To give so much time to improving yourself that you have no time to criticize others.
san francisco waterfront,
I was feeling proud of myself for having semi-green grass and having just pruned some bushes.
Papou turned it back on again, at a lower volume and half the diners got up and danced.
Hello fellowette bloggers! I decided to actually blog about my latest creation today. Splitcoast stampers had a challenge, "technique lovers challenge" I never do these, but I thought I would peek to see what it was. It was a challenge to make your own designer paper. So, I decided to use a technique I made up maybe 2 yrs ago or so. It is a combination of elements from like three different techniques.
Be it documents or through stories handed down from each generation.
Register for Pennwriters Silver Anniversary Celebration, May 17-20 at the Eden Resort and Suites, Lancaster, PA
And the actors at least do a good-enough job. Our drifting anti-hero Derr (whose name unfortunately sounds like it should be followed by derp but anyway) was actually an honest-to-goodness actor who found his way into a couple of Charlie Chan films, then graduated to such works as the George Stevens film Something To Live For, headlined that end-of-the-world epic When Worlds Collide, not to mention starring as Lamont Cranston (yes, The Shadow) in The Invisible Avenger, and also featured in such classics as Paul Newman thriller The Drowning Pool, Richard Gere sex-em-up American Gigolo and Clint Eastwood Commie shoot-em-up Firefox. He at least shows himself as able to emote well under the circumstances, smoking, sweating, sexing and slugging as called upon.
There are three grades of devotees, namely the
missed the association with his family,
To call out your name with nothing but silence
There are two main reasons for choosing annuities:
Apparent Attenuation: 77%
Next punch a hole in the back of each cone to thread your twine through. Then punch or cut out your numbers and affix one to each cone. (I mentioned I printed my numbers on label paper. Trying to peel the backs off of those 1" circles was the most tedious part of the entire project. Next time I'll print on regular paper and affix to the cones with glue.)
Who was the ONE to set evolution on motion? Who is the force behind it? GOD is!!!!
Cuba Gooding Jr. (Jerry Maguire)
Haven't had much time for crafting,as Freya our granddaughter has chiken pox, so we are looking after her while she is off school, but I have managed to get this card made, it's for her other grandma's birthday.
Heh, heh, heh. I'm challenging you b/c I know I'll never get 50 comments. :)
The highlight was meeting readers who'd come to the event just to meet me. THAT. WAS. FABULOUS.
But I was unable to let this dress go to someone else.
He turns me toward the door.
.... while some of the others encouraged their toys to be extremely annoying. They were so annoying that they were partly banished from the interior of the Landcruiser....
Yep, that's pretty much what I had going on with The Hunt.
2) Washington Redskins: QB Robert Griffin III
So because I'm in a "dippy" sort of mood, I figured I'd post another good one. This is practically one of the only dishes I can solidly eat eggplant in. It's goes good with tortilla chips, toasted bread, and even all by itself!
Does your master bedroom look like the picture below? If your bedroom has become the laundry, papers and junk catchall for your house, maybe it's time to shovel it all out and make your bedroom somewhere that you can't wait to head to at the end of the day to hang out with your husband and not just to go to sleep!
Tussock hills and breathtaking blue water shining in the bright sunshine.
Going Up
I definitely wanted a werewolf story because I Loooooove werewolves. I love the animal element and wild side to a personality. Its unpredictable and explosive and fun to write. And I knew I had to give it its own spin to get people to notice. The specific spin of the Hunters didn't come out until well into the rough draft but I am so glad it evolved the way it did.
I asked Joan B, one of our QOV long armers if she would quilt the
The Show starred Gerald McRaney and Jameson Parker as brothers Rick and A.J. Simon, two San Diego based private detectives.
The young woman's job is to dust, sweep the floor, clean the display case, bus the tables, and water the plants. She goes about her business with extreme diligence and a broad smile.
This is what happens during Queens Day:
The place looks absolutely beautiful, cozy and welcoming! The groovy AstroTurf is a great way to have the seating area decked out, its like walking down the red carpet, but for yummy food!
Finished:. 14 April 2012
Wet and cold at depth
1 cup pumpkin puree (fresh or canned)
"To talk of many things:
Bonus Thing! My friend just lent me her brand new season one Blu-Ray of Game of Thrones, and I'm about to have a GoT marathon. WINTER IS COMING, SUCKAS.
Give them your gift to unite,
When you eat like a nutritarian "salad is the main dish". I eat salad at least once or twice every day, and I have to keep coming up with new salad recipes, or I get bored! Here's another healthy, nutritarian-style salad I've been enjoying lately: Mango & Grape Tomato Salad.
I cannot believe that it is already time for me to tell you guys my favorites from November.
One of the most over-hyped over self-promoted breweries ever. Yes, I like the label art. The beer just never has matched it.
Warren said people in the building where the attack had taken place and who saw the attackers before and after the incident had also not been approached by police in a bid to gather any evidence.
The grass faded from lush green to beige. The garden became dull, their busy lives carefully moving around the edges without ever taking the time to stop and take a good look at what was happening.
Lifting his head Ben rubbed his face and looked over at Donna, her eyes red rimmed even in sleep. Face pale and hollow that anger flickered again shining a little stronger through suffocating grief. Her own the only thing to match it. Throwing an arm over her he buried face against sleep-warmed shoulder, pressed his lips and for a moment almost forgot to feel the aching sorrow. But just as he was narrowing the world down to nothing more than that soft warm shoulder and the sweet tickle of fine shampoo-scented hair catching on his cheek so in need of shaving, she whimpered in her sleep.
Lord I repent on behalf of the church. I repent for ignorance on how to approach sexual immorality. I repent for being hateful to Your precious creation, your sons and daughters. I repent for not protecting the sanctity of life and not taking a stand against the abomination of abortion. I repent for our pride in our own works and pride in our flesh and our rules. I repent for not reaching out to the lost in love, but most of all I repent for not seeking your face.
I am only making an observation. But I think further study could be interesting.
I am not those people. And I am in the slow process of ceasing to care.
Crafters Digital Art Center!! An AWESOME site!!
Tiresome and agile moving with speed
St. Charles IL
In 2005: 16th National Poetry Slam in Albuquerque, N.M.:
(P.S I actually met the Dulux dog about a month ago at an exhbition with my old job. It was so cute!)
we are enraged to know that U.S. corporations are being funded by our
technique.
To switch gears a bit, I needed to end my Sunday Blatherings with a bit of reflection. I think I'd be pretty reticent to not mention the passing of Whitney Houston. Between Madonna, Michael Jackson, Bon Jovi, and Whitney Houston, these artists shaped my school years. I, like everyone else, was mesmerized and blown away by Houston's I Want to Dance With Somebody, How Will I Know, and One Moment in Time. Later, we all got sucked into the vortex of hits that this amazing artist performed, I Will Always Love You and I'm Every Woman, to name a few. For me, the quintessential moment in her career was her performance at the Superbowl in 1991. I was in high school at the time, and I still remember how completely chilling her performance was, especially considering we were in the Persian Gulf War at the time. Honestly, it is the performance I compare all others against to this day. It was flawless and seemingly effortless all at the same time. For a time when we all felt such a heightened sense of patriotism, Whitney's performance was stunning. I'm sad that she is gone, and am thankful that in the time she lived, that she left us with such amazing music. Thanks Whitney, for giving me songs that I could belt out in the car, to capture every mood. Your voice was untouchable.
Jonah Hex wakes up to find himself asleep on a saloon table. He suddenly remembers Brett & Emmy Lou and then jumps up only to find them gone from the saloon. He is trying to clear his head and into the saloon strides El Papagayo. The Mexican bandit whips out his pistol and fires. Jonah dives for cover and quickly returns fire but finds that he has blown the entire top off an El Papagayo robot.
Betty Dudley
She survived, crack , coke and Bobbie Brown, only to be done in by some meds she took because she couldn't face going to Clive Davis' party and singing without help. Clive Davis' party for his Grammy people was going on 4 floors beneath the body of Whitney Houston, zipped up and on a gurney until 9:30 pm about the time she would have taken the stage. All the pressure she put on herself to be "good" for the music people and they didn't even stop the party in the same hotel she died in.
The dotted dark mauve backing paper is from Swedish Maja Design's Let's Have Coffee collection and the rest is from Australian Meg's Garden that I have written about so often of late. They are the January sponsors over at The Color Room.
These flowers were originally in smaller pots that had come from the greenhouse. By midsummer they were not doing well and needed more room to flourish. Therefore, I transplanted them into two BIG pots. Just as I was finishing this task and moving the wagon to the exact spot I wanted, it tipped over, crushing the plants with all of the potting soil. Needless to say, I was not a happy girl. Once again I replanted the mess, making sure that the wagon was already where I wanted it this time!! See, I learned something!! ;-) After much fertilizer, water and some tender loving care the result has been worth the view!!...
You are very welcome.
Collage rectangles set 1 printable collage set with some png individual images
"Homosexual behavior violates God's intentional design for gender and sexuality."
Socks: Primark again
Earrings- Diamond Square Gold- Ryca
It's kind of hard to explain, why I wanted to see the Vatican Splendors exhibit at the Minnesota History Center. Of course I wanted to experience the art and the dazzling, ancient treasures. But this seemed personal somehow. Due in part, I'm sure, to having been raised Catholic. Whatever my experience with the church, whatever my current beliefs or spiritual practices, that will never leave me and I will always have immediate response to it on a soul level.
Even though I wish I said that, I would much prefer my life be remembered as one who constantly acted in this nature... DC
What size is required?
The intensity of our defensiveness is also a mark of how identified we are with a particular image. That image is a marker of our dominant Fear-Self. Conversely, we most intensely engage with those invalidators who remind us of our original invalidators, especially our parents. If we are still seeking approval, we will find merit in their invalidation. If we are still hurting from our invalidation (and most of us are), we will very deeply resent them. These intense feelings sustain our identification with the Fear-Self. We are most ready to take offense with those we need most. Children need their parents, and often it is the parents who receive back the lovelessness they displayed many years ago.
I let them bring in whatever food they like (which seems to just be endless bags of Haribo sweets - which I keep calling "lollies" even though it earns me weird looks) and we sit and watch a film.
During the proceedings, Chief Justice Iftikhar remarked that if the police do their duty, then the missing persons could be recovered.
Man, by nature is at enmity with God and therefore puts his will, knowledge and desire against that of God. That is, until he senses a need for things other than what this world offers. On that road to Damascus, Paul saw that his life was on a collision course with God. As soon as he knew that Jesus Christ was Lord, Creator, Redeemer, and Judge he sought the mercy of God and forgiveness.
I'm curious about the phrase "what to expect". I have few expectations and so find that I go through life being pleasantly surprised.
She blinked as he walked away. Different. Yes. That was one way of looking at it. She started twirling the necklace she always wore; a necklace, her mother told her, was given by her father just before he left. He left, so her mother told her, because he had to.
They remain embraced and kissing,
My first task was to go through all the bags and working out what I was keeping and what was going to be donated. Then I went through all the clothes and stuff in his cupboard. Here is my pile of kids clothes to be donated.
I was intending to visit 21st Amendment, a brewpub in SoMA not far from the ballpark. Local intelligence had warned me away, a new brewer of 6 months seemingly not having got to grips with the house beers so that it was a bit of a crapshoot drinking them. Instead, I headed for the Thirsty Bear on Howard St (between 2nd & 3rd) near SF MOMA.
I know it to be fact.
I'm not wearing underwear, so minds out of the gutter.
8. Solsbury Hill 6:21
The hotel had four principal stories, not counting attics and the basement. The first floor consisted of two broad corridors, one running north and south, the other east and west. Men entered either off the alley to the west or from the south side, off Sixth, and that end of the hotel catered to their interests with a saloon, a billiard room, a barber shop with baths, a news stand, and a cigar shop that featured thousands of brands of cigars from all over the world. (The contents of this last amenity had sadly all turned to grey ash by the time notorious cigar connoisseur Bill Clinton came to visit.)
1. I grew up wanting to be a lawyer. Once I actually worked at a law firm, I decided that there was no way on earth that I could ever be happy in that field.
For tourists and those staying in the city centre, there is the SIA Hop-On Trolley and Sentosa Rider. More information can be found at the Sentosa website.
Salzburg, Austria
Well, today started by my getting stuck in my apartment.
Voodoo
The new tradition for this year is a surprise: the kids don't know. Holly-Anne and Graham will wake up tomorrow to find this waiting for them.
I greet the morning sun,
The dreaded Brooklin Cold turned out to be a real horror. Two weeks in, I had stopped sneezing and snorting but had a totally blocked ear and felt like hell. A month in, I'm finally feeling like myself, have almost stopped coughing and my blocked ear is crackling, which seems like a good sign.
I fell for the trap!
2 cans of kidney beans with liquid
You are so patient with me Lord
The butterfly was done using a Martha Stewart punch, as were the punched leaves.
This little pinkeep is so prim and sweet! Perfect for your Spring/ Easter decorating!
Supplies: white cardstock (Gina K. Designs); Stamps- Honey Bear, Happy Camper (The Cat's Pajamas); patterned paper- Coordinating Atomic Soup paper (Jillibean Soup); memento tuxedo black ink; Copic markers; baker's twine-- Lemondrop (The Twinery); tiny attacher stapler (Tim Holtz); corner rounder punch (Creative Memories).
Artists confirmed for the multi-day country fest include Dierks Bentley, Kix Brooks, Sara Evans, Brantley Gilbert, Miranda Lambert, Blake Shelton, Thompson Square, Uncle Kracker, Dwight Yoakam, Tracy Lawrence, Reckless Kelly, The Lost Trailers, Steve Holy, Johnny Reid, Jon Pardi, Thomas Rhett, Morgan Frazier, DeeJay Silver and a local stage will feature regional acts each night. More artists are set to be announced in the coming weeks.
It better be good after all this time. On a side note, the Sloe vodka made last autumn is fantastic, best batch yet, good job I had enough sloes for 2 bottles, mmm guess what my tipple will be tonight.
When I was a young fella my dad was a concreter but as he got a bit older his body packed up a bit and dad had to find a different path. He tried a few things and ended up a few years later buying 3 old Bedford Trucks, cannibalising them into two working trucks and set up his transport company out of the back of my Grandparents house in Auburn.
Ticket price: $20
Ads are an amazing way to increase engagement, they can be incredibly targeted and useful.
You see, we ad hacks are no longer responsible for selling stuff, instead we are social workers whose job is to "engage in a community" and "co-create with people."
*What the predator is looking to determine is do the clothes you have on give him easy access to your sexual parts *(adult talk here)*
3 cups 1/2 inch cubed sourdough bread, crusts removed and dried overnight
*He loves to hang out on his back on the couch and look at the black and white pictures above him, he will smile at them all day.
NPS is getting away with murder here! They are setting the stage for further industrial expansion into the Bay by permitting the construction of the gas pipeline metering station in the hanger at Floyd Bennet. There hasn't been a peep out of them about the calls for killing the geese. They are DOING NOTHING TO PROTECT GATEWAY AND THE BAY. Plus, there hasn't been a peep out of Congressman Turner, who by the way, supports hydrofracking.
Paper?
Valentine is the perfect time of the year when each one of us munch lots of chocolates and you find the stores heavily packed with chocolate gift packs,and so many vibrant hearts.Who can resist chocolates?? I can't..Kids or adults,dark chocolates or white chocolates; each one of us love chocolates exceptions apart :-) Though calories does matter for all,but how about this healthy version of chocolate with lesser calories.And a worry free one for kids too and if you have kids who don't like dates or almonds then this is a good alternative too.I tried them with raisins and apricots too,as I love the chocolate covered raisins too.A simple preparation of 10 minutes and I bet all will vanish in no time :-)
The trouble is (and all you Pagans out there will really know what I mean here), how to find people who *aren't mad*? I'm very wary of getting involved with any of the big groups, having gone down that route rather less than successfully. The PF don't really have any moots, groups or gathering close by (and I've been to their London Open Rituals lots of times in the past and not really been that impressed) and I'm not getting involved with CoA again. I am too scared to put a note in my local new age shop because that will definitely draw out the nutters.
The Washington brain-trust chooses another QB: Kirk Cousins from Michigan St.
This is my dinning room - this is where I have been located since August. As you can very well see it is neither comfortable or inspiring! When I had to empty out my studio to remove the offending panels off of my bookcases the stuff had to go somewhere and this is where it all landed!
So everyday when I drive to the office I akan rasa sleeeeepyyy yang takleh dibendung until one day I kena berhenti tepi and take a nap for few minutes and patah balik rumah after that.
Braeden (as we move on to the next animal): Bye Puppy!!!!
Silver Naylor's Bullet 4.3
Sage
Do you think I'm expecting too much? Did you parent each child a little differently?
I have to admit at some point my detective work (mostly for Jess at the start but I later on branched out and just researched randomly for the fun of it) gave me my daily fix of soap-opera type program. It was very interesting for me.
We just really have good people in our lives. Over the past few weeks, we've watched as our grant grows, day by day, dollar by dollar. $10 here, $20 there, more frequently than it ever grew during a giveaway or fundraiser. God is FAITHFUL. His people are FAITHFUL. I have no idea how to respond anymore to the overwhelming support that you all continue to show our family. It is the most humbling and remarkable thing I have ever been a part of.
As part of that mission, the Court of Justice of the European Union
I have been in denial about the life left in my blog for a long long time. I keep thinking, "soon, I'll get back into it and start updating it again," but soon never materializes. This week I started a new job at a regional call center as an advice nurse, and thus it seems a bit silly to continue an ER blog.
These are important. They show Brian's personality in very clear terms. He's an idealist, yes. But most importantly he is a good man. He'll never condemn another without hearing and deliberating over their side of the story. He'll never accept that a situation is impossible, and if there is ever a way to save lives or avoid their sacrifice he will fight to make that happen.
To banish your defenders; till at length
Zac got Joey's bed, Joey sleeps on the futon and the dog found a comfy spot on the futon cover that needs to go to the laundromat! Christmas bins have been taken from the attic and piled in front of the fire place. Yikes!
2. God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen
"You look fantastic."
If you really feel that
The whole nation is celebrating the Slumdog success at the Oscars like there is no tomorrow.
before stopping and shagging some seaweed!
This sauce is great with add-in, like fresh grated ginger, garlic, and spices. Make it your way to make your taste buds happy. Then put it on everything! Carry a jar in your purse! Ok, maybe not, but I wish I could.
The flourish and the flower are from a Close To My Heart stamp set I just love. I coloured the pearls with a Sharpie to get that great colour of pearls. The ribbon and brad are Stampin' Up, as is the greeting and paper. The border is from an EK Success border punch. I like how it turned out. I am going to do it in this week's card class.
No wonder I love taking pictures of flowers and berries so much...
The story is about a girl who just arrived in Tokyo from the country.
Don't be shy, admit it.
Enjoy your Monday,
income....one night a week just is not enough for
Several miles away, Pappy and the two Rangers by his side were making much better headway toward their eventual destination. Pappy was nearly 70 years old but he was still strong and nimble. The two Rangers carried the bulk of the load evening the field even more.
9. Twin Peaks
My birthday was last week and one great thing about having a birthday is all the free stuff you can get. I'm not just talking about gifts from friends and relatives, but gifts from many restaurants. So I though I'd share the best restaurants with birthday clubs you can sign up for online and get free stuff/coupons. Most places will e-mail you the coupons a week before your birthday and they are good until a week after your birthday, so you have 2 weeks to fill up on free food. After all the eating out we've been doing the past couple weeks, I may need to up my workout routine! (Birthday calories don't really count though, right?
II Samuel 8:2
I started this 90 day project so as to focus my efforts and come up with a beta version of my first website.
3 tablespoons salsa (medium to hot)
Magandang araw! Good day!
Since the chart was produced US home values have moved even lower. Japanese real estate values are going back to levels last seen in 1985. Two lost decades are baked in the cake. The US has already reached one lost decade. When you examine items like the above you have to ask what will be the impetus for increasing US home values. Are we seeing household wages go up? If you listen to talks of the great car recovery story, part of it had to with rising car sales but a large part of it had to do with slashing wages. How is that good for increasing home values?
Steps into the multiplicity with purpose,
We came home to Ashley, Heather and Kristy sitting around the laptop. They were checking out houses to go to some open houses tomorrow.
I am tentatively editing this now in the hope that it stays on your blogroll / dashboard.
I say this loving Dakota but she looks unable to rock --she's no Carmen Sternwood, she's not even the rather alarmingly focused creature belting out an a capella "Hound Dog" in the 2007 movie of that name (my review here). There are 16 year-olds out there who are going on 23 and there are 16 year-olds out there going on 11. Dakota was an 11 year-old going on 30 but now she seems to have inversed that arc, while Cherie was clearly still 'advancing' to an alarming degree. Maybe the studio hoped Fanning would mature during the filming, for certain she's due to pop into womanhood any day... if she lets it happen. There are ways that girls can prevent it, and I shudder to think that Dakota's following in so many young girls' DSM IV-certified child actor anorexic stunted growth footsteps. In THE RUNAWAYS Dakota's still just a deer in the headlights, not yet a she-wolf eating said deer. Fanning lets Kristen Stewart do all the heavy lifting while she lies in the corner, sucks her thumb, and acts coy. Is she even having fun? Does she still like to pull the wings off flies? Are you getting all these super-droll BIG SLEEP references?
In time, as is always the case, the mother finds out and she rightly recognises that her husband is not alone is his duplicity. She never speaks to her son from that day on until his eighteenth birthday:
so you cut me with your callous words
Maybe I shouldn't be having a blog entry announcing this fact but you know what, Jamie? It's an incredible achievement no matter how I talk about it.
The singer of this song is "stumbling through the rubble" created by a "war no one can win" -- a nuclear war, in other words. She is one of a group of "last rockers" -- dead men walking who rule the world for the time being, but who know that life on earth essentially "perished in atomic heat" when "they dropped their bomb." There's "no chance of a rebirth for the last rockers on earth."
In Jesus name we play,
Go!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
They come to extract a price from the sheep
So get this my darlings, as you may know in the past year I have raved about two blow dryers and the outstanding way they perform. So one day while minding my own business I opened my closet of goodies (hair products) and guess who was staring at me? You guessed right, the two dryers that I wrote about. So as usual the hair dryers and I started to conversate (says Beyonce). They were tired of both being in my closet and wanted to come out (every boys dream). So I decided that the only way to freedom was to compete, a heated death match!
And now for gratuitous shots of Josh the Wonder Pony who will be down at U of I for the remainder of the week until we can figure out what the heck is going on in that eye.
Heat a large heavy-bodied saucepan over medium high heat. Once hot, add the olive oil and swirl it around so it coats the base of the pan. Add the onions and cook, stirring rather frequently, for a good ten minutes or until they are soft and well-browned. Add the garlic and cook for another couple minutes. Turn down the heat, and add the coriander, cumin and chili powder, stirring for a minute so the spices get slightly toasty and fragrant, but don't burn.
Concerning Character: Seventeen-year-old Ismae has lived in the shadows, for her whole life. The daughter of a turnip farmer and his downtrodden wife, her life has been a series of beatings and cowering on the edges of things. Her scarred back is not attractive, but less attractive is the fear she engenders - and the rage in her father and the other men of the village. At least her mother didn't use any excuse to beat her, or throw things. Now that Ismae's mother has died, marriage mightbe an escape from her father, but it turns out to be a deadlier trap than Ismae believed. With the unlikely aid of a priest and an herbwitch, Ismae is spirited away to the convent of St. Mortain -- the convent where she will learn to be a Handmaiden of Death -- an assassin.
So what better excuse is there to have a giveaway to thank you all for being so fabulous, hoorah!
A spider-man-traversing-a-city cake
While betacarotene, the precursor of vitamin A, may be the most familiar carotenoid, there are almost 600 others whose effects have yet to be extensively studied. Aside from lutein, these include alpha-carotene, lycopene, zeaxanthin, and beta-cryptoxanthin.
Like Rich, she believes that America is nothing but a proposition nation, as she thinks that our universities and our job market ought to be open to more educated foreigners, regardless of what that means for American citizens who get pushed out or replaced.
Graphically, the game is a mix of two halves. Environmental graphics remain very solid and there's some great moments as bullets crash into masonry and chunks of it are blown out in clouds of white powder. Muzzle flares and explosions are vivid and the fact that you can see individual bullets (or clouds of bullets from shotguns) flying through the air in bullet time remains impressive. However, the character models are blocky and look mildly ridiculous close-up. Animation is also stodgy, with the lack of moving mouths on talking characters (something already pretty common by 2001) being surprising. Overall, the game looks perfectly acceptable for such an old title and remains fully playable today.
I find that slightly irritating and condescending. Not to mention sexist.
Red chilli powder ... 1/4 tsp (add if you like it spicy)
"I'm just a girl who used to write for a magazine to make a living, and now writes a blog to make a life..."
My own name has been very easy to grow into. It's one of those dead common names that you could find - I bet - anywhere around the English speaking world. There are loads of other writers with the same name, an autism and animal behaviour expert (she does the books with Temple Grandin), a TV and Media lecturer and academic and of course Catherine Johnson, dramatist and writer of Mama Mia. I am not any of them.
Convicted in the August 1996 robbery murder of a friend, Bartee was given a stay before his scheduled execution in February so that additional DNA testing could be done. When the May 2 date was announced, Bartee attorney David Dow sent the court a letter saying the new date should not have been set because DNA testing has not been done. Dow said no notice of a hearing for a new execution date was sent to him or Bartee.
8. Crumble some more of the dough over the top of the fruit filling...this is not meant to look pretty...just make sure it is sort of evenly spread.
The reason why this devotional stood out to me was because it set my heart right for the next week. My daughter got sick, which meant one of us had to take a day off from work. (It's quite challenging as a teacher to take a "sick day" because you can't just call in sick, you have to write a full day's worth of subplans.) Then my husband and I both got sick from our daughter. This was all very bad timing on the eve of running our first 1/2 marathon.
3-4 Tbs chili powder
Firstly, we should congratulate the Election Commission for making a treasure trove of data available. All the municipal election results can be found here. Parliamentary election results are here (with centre level details here). In December 2008, Syeed Ahamed and I wrote a series of articles demanding that these data are made available in real time (see here).
WHAT: Spectrum Fantastic Art Live! is a natural extension of the eighteen-year success of the award-winning Spectrum art annual. As an international melting pot of talent, Spectrum: The Best In Contemporary Fantastic Art has come to symbolize the vibrancy, diversity, and overall excellence of the creative community.
Aspirin is also available in combination with other medications such as antacids, pain relievers, and cough and cold medications.
Dissecting one of each sample to check payload, I was a little surprised to find both the Rio shells and the S&B standard buck loads carrying exactly the same number and size of pellets. For some reason I had it wedged into my brain that 'reduced recoil' meant lighter payload. In this, it does not. Both shells have nine OO pellets above the wad, although there is significant difference in the wad structure itself.
James Dalton, head of property insurance at the ABI, said:
I used my favourite of the new Waltzingmouse release stamps which co-ordinate with the label die and the matching border to create the background for the large 8x8 card. The colours were from last weeks Colour Throwdown but I wasn't quick enough getting it done to join the challenge. The sentiment is from Imagine That. I made the felt flower by cutting out 3 flowers using a marianne flower die and folding them into 3rds and sticking together for dimension. The 4 is a chipboard letter covered in the same felt as the flower.
12 Prayer Of Death Part Two
Enough about the hard stuff... This is a celebration post! 9 months home! She is doing amazing! She is gaining weight and growing! (I'll update the actual numbers tomorrow.) She sang words at music this month! Kendra (her teacher) noticed too and beamed along with me. She helped me celebrate Mother's Day as a mom to two! Although I haven't noticed to many new solid words, some are getting much clearer. She does lack the confidence to use much speech in front of others. She generally saves it for when she is home. She had her first dental cleaning and did pretty good! She had her 4th birthday and first one with us! She is putting more things in her mouth. She has had two different textures in her mouth and liked it and even ate bark mulch today! Crazy land!
75002 Paris
6. Algerian Muslims chanting Qu'ran. (Same source as 3).
We ate a nice lunch: gluten free & vegan mac and cheese (a sophisticated version that was full of flavor), cream of tomato soup (using cashews as the creamy base), lentil veggie burger (on a beautiful Le Bus whole grain artisan roll), Caesar salad, and strawberry spinach salad with a balsamic vinaigrette. After two little monkeys ate most of my spinach salad, I knew I had to remake my own version at home.
It is important for a business to maintain an online presence these days and professional web application development companies that offer web design and web development services just ensure that the customers are served better with service automated processes which contribute to effective management of the business and even adds value that is beyond sales and service. Besides, it is possible to develop highly customized web based applications by using the latest state-of-the-art technologies as per business needs and requirements. The company is one such reputed professional asp.net web development company that offers its engineering expertise to business owners for enabling them to secure custom-built solutions according to their business wants.
How could it be?
01 Saiten en Flammen (Part 1)
Strategic thinking
Who are you? You are Divine beings, each with a uniqueness that will serve the World, and in doing so, you serve yourselves and light yourselves up like a Roman candle, ready for delivering even more Light to the World, to the Universes, to All That Is, until it is impossible to tell the difference between your Light and the Light of the great Central Sun.
Jesus' appearance to Thomas and Thomas' response are proof of Jesus' resurrection.
Marching brown army,
MAY (2002)
Lisa Caren Weinstein Ehrlich, 36, New York, N.Y.
4. My favourite kind of book is full of make believe and magic and crazy big words.
Release Date : 5 October 1939
How often are we divided over issues of race, gender, and sexual orientation? How often do we hold grudges against past offenders, despise those who have wounded us (either individually or communally), and refused to be reconciled? Is this what it means to be the body of Christ?
4) Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until deep golden brown (may need to tent foil over the wreath about 20 minutes into baking). Cool 5 minutes. With broad spatula, carefully loosen wreath from cookie sheet; slide onto serving platter. Garnish with fresh rosemary. Serve warm. Store in refrigerator.
I was on a stealth mission to Los Angeles to clear out my apartment.
Today we have a spa session planned. For haircuts and manicures read cutting-out-of-dreadlocks and hoof-re-shaping. Might give those muddy knees a little scrub too!
Respecting the cook is still an expectation. A nod to the effort is gratefully received (and EXPECTED) but I certainly will not force them to eat food they don't like. I respect their choice and their different palates.
The guy then went off.
Let me just say: SO MUCH HARDER.
Not everyone is cut out for this kind of work, trust me...I get it. But I encourage people to find whatever they are passionate about and do something about it. Find your purpose! God didn't plop us on Earth to sleep, work, eat and procreate while having no impact on people. We aren't here for US..we are here to glorify Him in whichever unique way we can. #foodforthought
love and piglets
into one amoebic puddle & gonzo
T. Rex had a very unique sound.
If all goes well and you get the mortgage loan you might have between a fortnight to the 100 a short time to repay the amount of money. The vast majority of loan providers have settlement options. Often you might remove the overall quantity of the money quicker should you favor with no fees.
I know it's been like a year since we posted last. I'm also about 7 months behind in just going through pictures if that clues you in. While I was doing said action, I found this picture and couldn't resist. It's too good not to share. This was back in December, but too cute! Haven loves dress-up, but this day she combined many elements of many costumes. She thought she was bootiful...which she is.
My nephew: "That's a nice...what is that? A skirt? Dress?"
Once the decision has been made, to shut your ears even to the best counterarguments: a sign of a strong character. Also an occasional will to stupidity.
6001 Rathbone Dr.
1) I once signed my own death warrant. It was required as part of the paperwork for our move to Saudi Arabia. My shaking hand made my signature hard to read. Fortunately, I did nothing to make the Saudi officials feel the need to carry it out.
If twitter is your thing, I will be using the hashtag #6letters
If you think of any other ogres and trolls in folklore and fantasy, please mention them in the comments!
Along with the images shown in a previous article, the following report below was also received. Please, if you have images or reports please email them to me at voteforbnp@hotmail.co.uk
And three more trailer for The Avengers:
blood sacrificed-
On a side note, Daisy really likes sun chips, who knew? She ate about half my bag! I told my mom if it isn't my child trying to eat my food, its my horse! Speaking of Chloe I decided to leave her with my awesome mother in law. I figured it was going to be a long day out in the sun and mom and I would be busy with Daisy, so I knew she would be happier at home. I missed the little booger though! I can't wait till she is older and more able to do things with me. I really would love to get her a tiny mini horse to ride around for her first few years of riding. I figure that thing can only hurt her so much, while a big horse has bigger hooves, bigger teeth and is just plain BIGGER, lol. If she takes a tumble off a mini its just that, a tumble. Not a fall! I figure we have another year before she will really want to be riding (maybe a little less) so maybe we can find her one by then.
So what do we get after all this waiting? All this time spent in expectation?
This is the beautiful new design from Julie at Knitted Bliss. - Wildflower Tank. And it's featured in the Spring Issue of IK. I'd been looking at some summer tanks to knit soon and when I saw this on Julie's blog, I knew it would be my next garment project! I couldn't get 100% silk at the LYS, so I've picked something else. I'll be swatching this weekend and will let you know if it will work and show you when I cast on.
I was fully in a sea of multiple orgasms, tethered to the source of the pleasure, her wanton pussy by my cock. As I was tempest tossed in the recurring crescendos of sweet anguish my mind went back into the haze of euphoria. I lay there and surrendered to the tsunami of seething hot erotic sensation that was rising around me and inside of me. I was immobilized by the rising and falling tide of orgasmic pleasure and I became one with that pleasure.
This preliminary Lockbox houses teams that are 1) current conference leaders (tie-breaker to the RPI) or 2) very likely to be in the bracket in two months time based on performance to this point in the season. And, I'm talking about no-brainers here. No Bubble Boys listed on this one.
I'm going to have to blame Barney for putting so much importance on sharing emotions - should have watched more Sesame street. Maybe if we weren't set like time bombs to word vomit feelings, facebook would be bearable to look at... Maybe we should all become writers, Y'know, paper and pen writers. It's too easy to share emotion. If I want to hear about it, I'll pay for it.
2. It holds pictures that can be displayed.
The two men come into conflict.
The question of whether the remaining unregistered rights (if any) in the system may be enough to prevent a clever entrepreneur from manufacturing the machine and selling it in unprotected jurisdictions, is moot. Next week I will discuss certain key issues regarding this matter.
Anwaar: I am prepared to die, but let my death be not in vain.
What I do remember is him grabbing my pants, zipping them off and tugging them down in seconds. A lonely blue thong remained. It was a new one, one he'd never seen before. A small thread of decency. One that was removed in something like half a second. I think spanking parties should have panty removing contests. Which top can de-panty his girl first? I do think College Guy would win every time. I'm never prepared for how fast it goes when he's about to discipline. And I usually end up yelping in sheer surprise.
I love the smell of lavender. When I returned to the US, a basket of dried lavender was packed away into one of my many boxes. It took awhile to find it but as soon as I opened the box and pulled out the basket, the room was filled with the scent of summer adventures in France. Bicycle trips, river rafting, hiking and wonderful dinners under the stars. It helped me feel at home again in my home country. Enjoy!
Interpretations
Continuing the festive feel i have made some Christmas inspired bunting for my kitchen! Im quite pleased with how it has turned out. I made it from felt. Just cut the shapes out and then sewed buttons and ribbons on to the trees and gingerbread men and then stitched them on to a length of ribbon. It brightens up a normally dull corner in the kitchen.
You can start number one...
A couple of weeks ago, we discovered that Lowe's has these awesome horseshoe magnets for $1.70 a piece. Today we bought three more of them (one for each kid, because I was attempting to minimize fights). We decided to learn some things about magnetism. So I pulled out one of our science experiment books, and a piece of poster board, and we got to it. We decided to record our findings on the poster, then as we learn more, we can add on.
Ah, the long cruel winter of the one hit wonder (this did actually make the top 30, just, but do you remember it?) Doing away with his trusty piano he seems really quite unsure what to do, opening with some jigging-cum-jogging on the spot. It doesn't help that the orchestra have interpreted the recorded version's mixed down wah-wah rhythm guitar as a prominent chicken-squawk and removed most of the jug band bits copied off In The Summertime and The Pushbike Song, but Dundas could have done his bit by singing in the same octave as usual rather than a slightly deeper timbre. His backdrop reminds us that The Sky At Night was on last week.
* Abdullah bin Laden, nephew of the al-Qaida kingpin whose name appears on the federal terrorist watchlist.
Well I have been having some funky stuff going on with my minivan and in our family I do the house stuff and Mr. Genius does all of the car stuff. Seriously if any light on my car turns on I call him in a panic. And for the past 2 months I have had two lights on that won't go away.
And then this verse:
I have to honestly say that I wouldn't send poop to any of my penpals. Possibly my husband, but that's because he has a twisted sense of humour and would understand it as a gag.
The majority of our presents have been furniture or electronics. One of these were a little more beneficial then either of us could have ever imagined.
Overall I think this is a great product for expecting mom's. The options are endless and I'm so excited to see how this will benefit my son.
Fletcher may not have regularly replicated his Manchester United form with Scotland, but when he was on top form, demonstrated in the games against Spain and the Czech Republic, Scotland found a rhythm that has been lacking for the past 14 years.
In a case against squatters, Judge Harold Brown commented:
with bit of rock and roll let us sing
Back to reality today after a lovely 3-day weekend. And what better way to start the morning than with chocolate for breakfast? Bridget of The Way the Cookie Crumbles selected chocolate-chocolate chunk muffins for this week's Tuesdays with Dorie. The muffins in Dorie's book have been some of my favorite recipes, and these were no exception. Tender and fluffy with lots of chocolate flavor, but not overly sweet, they were a delicious breakfast treat. If you're not the kind of person who enjoys chocolate for breakfast, no worries, the muffins would be equally as good for dessert.
All photos must be in compliance with the Contest Rules. PAWS reserves the right to remove photos at any time that are not in compliance with the Contest Rules. We have the following limits on subject matter:
I had no problems with the actual pancake making though, I simply waited for the bubbles, squeezed the filling into a spiral and then flipped the pancake over. I did lift the corners to see if the pancake was golden then flipped onto a plate and did my best to drizzle with the glaze.
you now lie; eyes closed; silently
So, without further ado...here's an excerpt from a contract that came across my desk this summer. (A relevant bit of info: the term of this contract is 3 years.)
Do yourself a favor. If you haven't read HALF-BLOOD, stop reading this review and go read my write-up on the first Covenant novel instead. Because if you're like me, you hate being spoiled, and if you haven't read HALF-BLOOD...you'll be spoiled if you continue onward!
Not blogging very often, but still sewing up my stash ;-0 The pleasure of scrap quilts has taken over my life (when I'm not out working in my new yard, that is...) I'm discovering a creative outlet I never dreamed existed in my previous world of more predictable pre-planned quilts!
Embossing Folder: Cuttlebug Polka Dots
Unfortunately, you will gnash your teeth trying to figure out the details of the company's history, as many fun facts are as cleverly hidden as Waldo. Each page of the site has big arrows left and right, which you can use to move forward and backward in time. But each one also has tiny arrows which you can use to find more info from the same time period. It took me a whole lot longer than I should have spent on the site in toto to discover the second set of arrows.
So, back to what kind of cake. Bryce immediately answered that he wanted a Kubota tractor cake. Hmmm, that's a tough one! So, I let it go. Then about a week before his birthday I asked him again what cake he wanted - hoping he had forgotten what he 'ordered' the last time. No such luck. In a very 'I told you this before' tone of voice he said, "I want a Kubota tractor cake!" Well, no getting out of it for me. I tossed a couple of ideas around but nothing seemed right. So, I procrastinated. Until Saturday when I decided I could procrastinate no longer. I half-heartedly looked online for ideas when suddenly, this website stood out to me. Frozen Buttercream Transfer - I had never heard of it. Intrigued, I read the entire thing, then decided I could do this. I happened to have a photo of DH's Kubota tractor on the computer so I blew it up and printed it off.
Now I cannot write. Rather I draw letters and it takes a concentrated effort to do that. It also takes a concentrated effort during social interactions to carry on a conversation. No longer able to casually emphasize words with body language is constricting and distracting.
1/4tsp Garam masala powder
I used tweezers to press each heart onto a clear embossing ink, then dipped the heart into the jar of powder and carefully placed onto a foil lined baking tray to heat in the oven. This was the quickest method for creating the numerous heat embossed coloured hearts that I was going to need.
So in mid-January our only car broke. It would cost thousands to fix AND it isn't worth thousands. But that's okay because we just did our taxes and our return will be back shortly so we can buy a new one. We had to paper file due to the adoption. And that is where the problems started.
The grove, together with its roots, is a dynamic process, constantly animated and controlled by private and public language. For language to function, we need it all.
Now, I have consistently brought up sex with them and with their older brother who now lives on his own with a gaggle of twenty something young men in West Oakland. And I have consistently been rebuffed, scoffed at, silenced by their stares, punctuated with a rolling of the eyes or a sigh of exhaustion.
I also found these sweet fabrics in the new fabric shop that's opened in my nearest town.
Without women, the beginning of our lives would be devoid of support, the middle of - of pleasure and the end - of consolation.
Flipreads also hopes to provide a venue to publishers and authors to bring previously out-of-print titles back into circulation. Since everything is online, these titles will also be available to an international market.
What is zero-gravity expansion in a binomial function tied to its roots?
Bad idea.
Faced with the escalating costs of journal subscriptions, which is eating a big hole in university library budgets, some academics are saying that they want to boycott this whole system and publish all future research in open-access journals. Open-access journals put articles online so that everybody can read them. No account, no fees, no passwords. The paywall is gone.
And so, to work. I find myself in an interesting situation. Parts of me have forgotten so much, yet somewhere, deeper, there's a me who knows the answers. So I am, at the same time, pupil and teacher. I've not got a clear idea of what I want to make yet, so I'm making a few things as exercises. I need to set up some kind of throwing gauge and practise making same size/same shape pieces. I need to stretch myself a bit.
Year: 2009
That Christmas thing will be upon us shortly. How come, when we were little Christmas never came around this quick? Does time travel faster the older you get?
When it comes down to it, we either submit to God's will or we reject it. Oftentimes, it isn't that we don't know God's plan for us, we simply don't like it. This is because we feel entitled to a good life and get confused when things don't turn out the way we want them. But, if anyone was entitled to an easy life, it was Jesus. Instead, however, He submitted to the Father's will and won redemption for us at a tremendous cost to Himself. So well-said. A bit of a "lightbulb moment" for me.
George Lazenby
Book 2: Contexts
As our unit is large and employs many nurses, we have two representatives, one from the day shift and one from nights. It should come as no surprise to my friends that I'm taken on this role; I tend to be an enthusiastic change agent. Flipping to daytime wakefulness once a month is no fun, but it's nice to get paid for an eight-hour meeting.
27 But when Ahaziah the king of Judah saw this, he fled by the way of the garden house. And Jehu followed after him, and said, Smite him also in the chariot. And they did so at the going up to Gur, which is by Ibleam. And he fled to Megiddo, and died there.
Dates are subject to change due to occasional uncontrollable circumstances.
And lifts her leafy arms to pray;
However, federal officials wanted FDA approval for the plague so they could begin administering it in case of an outbreak, the newspaper reports.
From the reaches,
Almost all insurance companies will require you to undergo a physical and medical evaluation at no cost to you from a qualified physician, typically chosen by the insurance company. They will need to see copies of medical histories for you and your family, any preexisting health conditions or current diseases. Some diseases that may result in your application being rejected include HIV/AIDS, cancer, smoking, asthma, obesity and certain congenital heart conditions, heart problems or cardiovascular disease.
Thanks everyone for all of your great gingerbread activities, we're
You will get many suitors,
Other artists were also let go of..
seems to me there's a lot to be excited about. It's lighter and just a bit
Sleep My Darling
David turned his key in the front door, opened it, and quietly made his way into the dark hallway. A solitary light came from deep inside the house. He dropped his briefcase and overcoat in the hall closet, loosened his tie, and started toward the gleam. As he was passing through the living room, the table in the shadows of the dining room caught his eye.
there were chickens, chickens, chickens
Then Sunday wiped me out with flu symptoms. I slept 7 hours during that day, which i NEVER do.
Increase speed to high, and beat until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes.
But despite these additional concerns, the main danger continues to come from the Taliban.
Giveaways are really fun to host. Quite weird if you think about it, since I'm the one having to provide the prizes and shipping costs and whatnot. But there is this certain sense of satisfaction I feel after giving away a book that would otherwise have just sat on my bookshelf for the next decade or so.
I reached the finish after 9 hours, 35 minutes and 1 second. From 1218 finishers out of 50 countries I achieved a nice 256th position. The winner Jonas Buud (Sweden) finished in 6:11:02 - for the fivth (!) time - and Lizzy Hawker (Great Britain) in 7:16:17. Congrats! Absolutely amazing. Only 6 people ran this race under 7 hours.
i was not going to get into this discussion. the whole concept of copyright is dauntingly complex. so at first i just ignored the rumblings. then they got stronger. and i started to receive emails directly about the subject. i ignored those too. but i also started doing some research. and what i was seeing alarmed me. i did not like what i was reading. not about our friend. still i was not going to mention it here. not on this blog. but then on wednesday, a customer asked about the situation in our store. in front of sarah. i was crushed when she then asked me why people were talking about her friend kate.
Descent into Name-Calling: When all else fails simply go to ad hominem attack. Attack the messenger and not the message. This works best if done with inflammatory terminology and will quite often descend into pure profanity. An example might be, "too lazy to get her ass out of the house for a real job."
Red velvet
11. Somewhere my Love (film Dr. Zhivago) 1966
During this series of articles we will not be studying all eighty plus names of our Creator, but each name that we do study will connect us with an attribute of God; an attribute that will call us to worship Him, whether corporately or individually. More importantly, we will show how to appropriately call upon our Lord by name in our daily circumstances.
Is there a place for consultants in companies and organisations today, and if so, what is their role?
Anyone been to a good exhibition or equivalent in Londinium recently?
When connected to the current of creativity, there is no impediment to what you can dream and create. In the flow of these energies, the problems and concerns of 3d existence are felt dispassionately, with little commitment of emotional energy. In the deeper states of immersion with the blissful vibrations, the mind and body assumes certain postures and focus of mind. You become all feeling and Being, following the most subtle threads of Bliss energy to its Source.
With the fictional "Tomania" and "Bacteria" standing in for Germany and Italy, respectively, The Great Dictator follows the dual lives of Tomania's maniacal dictator, Adenoid Hynkel (Charlie Chaplin), and a Jewish barber (Charlie Chaplin, again) living in a Tomanian (or should we say Tomaniac?) ghetto. Beginning in World War I, the unnamed barber - a bumbling klutz of a soldier - manages to save a Tomanian pilot, Schultz (Reginald Gardiner). After some clowning around and a plane crash, the barber suffers memory loss and spends most of the interwar period in a hospital. When he returns, he finds his neighborhood radically different: it's now a violent, volatile ghetto where stormtroopers regularly harass shopowners and families, threatening them with concentration camps.
Here is my knitting so far.
For a final illustration, here is an actual photo of a partially finished three-needle bind off, "in the wool." The two shiny holder needles are being held upright, out of the way. The third--the grey working needle--has already been poked through the front (red) as well as the back (green) fabric, getting ready to catch up the next blue loop. Showing to the right is the blue chain of the seam being formed as the fabric-tops are chain bound off together.
How can I bring myself to eat dinner after that?
I ask.
Lace is a thing like hope.
For my packs I got:
Sometimes, you just have to ask in order to receive.
Tomorrow is Hubby's birthday so I tried out a new recipe for his cake. I made yellow cupcakes from scratch and milk chocolate ganache. I decided to let the ganache sit over night in the refrigerator and tomorrow morning I will beat it, turning it into Truffle Frosting. He is going to take the cupcakes to work (I have found that Hubby's colleagues are most appreciative of my baked goods) and hopefully they are a hit. (Will post pictures and reactions tomorrow evening.)
IN ISSUE 22...
"Bartley proves to be an accomplished songwriter, with a restful voice that lulls its way into the mind and heart." Allmusic.com.
It's Ground Ivy every morning now!
123. Postman, The (Ardiente Paciencia): Antonio Skarmeta
We kicked ass at that game. Sort of. I looked up cheats with and without Qacei's permission. She didn't like it. But then she told me to.
01 - Another Place (Like Home)
It's said that homebrewers tend to under-pitch yeast by a factor of up to ten compared to a commercial brewery, so if you want to up the quality of your beers then look after and pitch enough yeast.
We chose the Toulouse breed as they are not aggressive and having an agriturismo, we wanted people to be able to go near them at least without being chased away! Debra who writes the blog Bella Bagni di Lucca, came to see us recently and got to meet them in person, so she can vouch for them.
On my trip home this year Middelvlei was on the list to visit. My cousin had discovered online that they do a Boerebraai (Farmers BBQ) with all the traditional South African foods. She didn't have to convince me twice and we immediately made our reservations and counted down the days.
What if people click on me, an icon of God, an get a broken link? Or you?
Geographical consolidation, in a nutshell, consists of forcing Muslims in Zone C to Zones A and B, and, eventually, Muslims in Zone B to Zone A. We note that Muslims in Zone C are, by definition, few and scattered. Furthermore, they will often be running catering businesses that serve the public in the area they live in, and that are open to being disrupted by anything from a brick through the plate glass front window to an arson attack staged in earnest. Restaurants tend to take a disproportionate fraction of their revenue on just a couple of days of the week, so disruption on these days would be the most obvious way of driving them out of the area in question. This could probably be done without actually having to hurt or kill anyone, which would be useful from a propaganda point of view.
This morning, waking up, so many things were going through my mind. Thoughts of friends, my family, my boyfriend, and my life as a whole. Just recently, I started working again which makes me feel amazing in so many ways. I know it sounds crazy, but lately I have felt so incredibly blessed with so many things in my life. My friends are probably the best friends in the entire world. Being my age and going through what I have, my friends were not prepared to go through something of that magnitude. I understand that. But they stepped up and did what they had to do as friends to make me feel as comfortable as possible because in reality, I didn't want to feel like I was different or that they had to give me special treatment just because of my situation. I don't think I could have asked for a better group of friends. They are my angels.
Department of Motor Vehicles in the USA.
We finally made it to the renovated Balzac site, transformed from a fine dining restaurant to a gastro pub downstairs, and a more formal dining area upstairs.
The Federal Housing Finance Agency directed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Thursday to align their guidelines for servicing delinquent mortgages. Previously, the government-sponsored enterprises maintained different requirements for how their mortgage servicers would treat these loans.
For the water to decay.
Tenth Avenue Angel ... TCM ... 4:30 AM
Fry, as a student of anthropology, has clearly forgotten one of the basic tenets of human sexuality, that men are here to screw as much as they can, and women to have babies, but of course, within that, there are a billion shades of sexuality - women who bloody love it, men who (literally) shrink away, and the same applies if you're gay. If you and your partner(s) can live with it, it's all acceptable. Methinks Mr Fry feels a little uncomfortable with sex, which isn't uncommon - I was told about a bloke who didn't like kissing during The Act, which I thought was a bit odd - but I wish Fry wouldn't use his own awkwardness to make women feel terrible.
First, cut the potatoes. almost in a cubed shape. Follow directions on seasonings package to coat potatoes and put in microwave.
Every now and again a book drops through my mailbox with such a pedigree it becomes quite hard to write about it. One such is A Monster Calls. There has been a lot of publicity lately for The Pale King by David Foster Wallace, published after his death and leading to much talk about whether it is right to finish an author's final work.
The pup that got away, Dante took a little time to adjust to life here but he's doing well now. He would shake whenever The Man tried to pet him. Once he got used to him though he was find. I think we're going to try to take them to the dog park tomorrow.
The international research team led by Saku Tsuneta, a professor at NAOJ, has been performing the monthly polar observations with Hinode from September 2008. We here report the discovery that the average magnetic flux of the north polar region is rapidly and steadily decreasing during the period of 2008 and 2012 (Figure B). The reversal (from minus to plus polarity) is taking place in sequence from lower latitude to higher latitude. The average magnetic flux of the polar region soon becomes zero. The estimated completion of the reversal of the north polar region will take place in 1 months or so, about one year earlier than the nominal expected reversal time.
Please email me so I can get your details to our fab sponsors.
The ice cream itself didn't end up having much of the rum flavor. It almost tasted like vanilla ice cream - however, there definitely was a kick from the rum-soaked raisins! Maybe next time I need to use a darker rum? (I used a gold Puerto Rican rum). I might also try adding the raisin-infused rum to the ice cream base earlier, and let that mixture sit in the fridge overnight before churning. Stay tuned!
Where's your writing achilles heel? Is it in narrative like mine?
She talks about how and where she found it. What she has to say could apply to any of us.
Cocoa powder- 15 gms
Emmerdale: Jeff Hordley and Emma Atkins (Cain Dingle and Charity Sharma)
almost every minutes she cough and cough then muntah!
*Outline the mechanics of the reincarnation cycle
It was truly delicious.
whichever option came first.
Models Own Bloo Bloo & Revlon One Perfect Coral
When you loose your eyesight, your hearing goes bad, your appetite diminishes, your balance is off, and your always cold - the quality of life becomes a day to day struggle. This is what he is living. I wish I could press a button and make him feel alive again. At 92 I guess it's a blessing to still be breathing, and to still be able live in your own home.
Park carefully, turning your front wheels appropriately to set yourself against the force of gravity. Then walk right at Pinecrest, keeping an eye out for traffic. About 80 yards this way and you'll see the gated entrance to Eaton Canyon, on your right. If you plan to get back before dark, there's no problem. If you don't get back before dark, this gate will be locked, and you've got a two mile detour to get back to your car. That's something to keep in mind as you begin your hike.
Now, I don't mean to brag or anything, but it's almost as if someone in charge heard my grumblings of discontent, and decided to do something about it. Lest I should be displeased again....
Corry, please contact us using the Contact Me button in the sidebar by midnight, Sunday July 4th.
"It's so light, yet has a steak like bite" I say. "Good pick, Babe."
We are waiting on custom pillows for each of the chairs and an upholstered ottoman to anchor the seating area. There is also a desk in the room, my client's "command center," which needs to be outfitted. Our plans for that includes refurbishing a chair that was part of the set in her kitchen when she grew up and adding a memo board.
the obituary column of the daily newspaper.
i pause, fall to my knees, this is my confession
Going on four years later, memories of that conversation prompt a chuckle as Haley Pasion of Waipahu fights Amanda Pavone of Burlington, Mass., tonight for the bantamweight title in the USA National Boxing Championships in Colorado Springs, Colo.
You end up with cookie-cutter creatives coming in from the same ad courses, with the same books, the same way of thinking, and the same teaching. And you end up with legions of planners and account people who are uniform in their thinking, or their life experience. It's not a recipe for a diverse and excitingly dangerous melting pot of people. And that's what advertising has had at its best. And what it needs for the future.
I love his voice
556
SLAM MY HANDS DOWN ON THE DESK AND FORCE MYSELF TO WALK AWAY. THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO DO IT. QUICKLY AND FORCEFULLY. LIKE A BANDAID. EAT. DRINK. NOT NECESSARILY IN THAT ORDER. WATCH BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER AND WONDER: WHY DOES EVERYONE DUMP ON SPIKE AND WHICH BIAS TAPE SHOULD I USE ON THOSE DRESSES. NOT NECESSARILY IN THAT ORDER.
Falling in love so deeply at a young age made it difficult to be as reckless as our friends. We watched them coast in and out of short, fun, but meaningless relationships and it just seemed so different to what we had.
Like boiling lava,
Introductions of Characters.
The hardest part was making sure he had used 100 blocks. All three of us counted it over and over again to make sure it was right! I think it came out great and can't wait to hear what his teacher thinks.
Now I personally liked the song, it's not my favorite Erykah Badu song, but it works. I think the song is nice, and I'm a fan of Erykah. I really am. I'm not offended by the video, but others are. People are upset that children were present in the video. It didn't appear that the one child in the video saw her completely naked. She saw her in a bra and pants. I can understand wanting to protect your children and controlling what they see, but I don't think the human body is something in and of itself a bad thing. I don't see her exploiting and sexualizing herself. She wasn't gyrating and I think it was a her showing she wanted to do her own thing and not fit in. Also to shock and get some buzz on her new album and single. It seems to have worked in that aspect.
Since I joined Pinterest, I have been pinning and liking lots of reading spaces for kids and adults. Here are a few of my favorites:
"Marlowe? Is that your first name?"
causes.
So HMV now looks the way that it might if it had been laid out based on a description of HMV given over the phone by someone really out of their mind on cocaine.
It seems fairly obvious that this is the worst, sorry 5th best, of the lot. It had too much to do, trying to tie in The Avengers with another storyline meant that the inclusion of Nick Fury and Black Widow felt almost too forced and Jon Favreau really annoyed me with his desperate plea for attention by giving himself more screen time. Iron Man 2 just fell short of capturing the essence of wit, style and charm that had won over audiences with the first film.
this is a new piece titled, you hold the keys....it is 8 x 8 watercolor and ink on arches 140 lb
Step one: Introduce yourself.
And before anybody says it I am fully aware that Sting is a highly successful musician who is so rich that he didn't even notice when his accountant syphoned five million quid out of Sting's account and I have just done four night shifts in a row and feel like I ahve been punched in the brain.
Then, are you planning to move on to bigger venues or do you prefer the more intimate format even though many fans are left out? Do you want to move out of the Hongdae scene or do you prefer to keep things the way you are?
Ceres Fair Food is a popular organic food delivery service which sources produce from local growers who are paid a fair price for their produce and also practice eco-friendly farming.
Gyaru:
Thank you Michael Koryta. We appreciate you taking the time to talk with Crime Watch.
The songs from your first single all made it to the new album. How have they evolved over the last year and a half?
Much of the current research is based on anecdotal evidence from users of urine therapy. Nonetheless, its popularity is growing worldwide. The first World Conference on Urine Therapy was held in 1996 in India. Two more conferences were convened at three-year intervals: in 1999 in Germany and in 2003 in Brazil.
Yeah, I know, that's a pipe dream of mine. I wish we all could vote ourselves pay raises like you.
Recently, former diplomats and experts both in Japan and abroad stressed the extremely risky condition of the Fukushima Daiichi Unit 4 spent nuclear fuel pool and this is being widely reported by world media. Robert Alvarez, Senior Scholar at the Institute for Policy Studies (IPS), who is one of the best-known experts on spent nuclear fuel, stated that in Unit 4 there is spent nuclear fuel which contains Cesium-137 (Cs-137) that is equivalent to 10 times the amount that was released at the time of the Chernobyl nuclear accident. Thus, if an earthquake or other event were to cause this pool to drain, this could result in a catastrophic radiological fire involving nearly 10 times the amount of Cs-137 released by the Chernobyl accident.
Sugar sodas: 6
If you can't wait and want to purchase a copy of the software make sure you use coupon code, STMMMS6975. By using this code at MyMemories.com, you can get $10 off My Memories Suite (you get it for $29.95 instead of $39.95) AND you also get a $10 gift certificate to use in their online store!
8. There are more people alive today than have ever died.
6. What is the name of the Speaker of the House of Representatives now?
we celebrated with each other, we celebrated with friends.
So... I really intend on updating this blog more than I actually do, but life is busy! And reading to my kids is more important right. Anyway, since I don't post often you should know that EVERY post is important! :)
But even that analysis is not quite germane to the Hansen assertion regarding the noise of random weather. Figure 3 presents an analysis of the intensity of the variability of daily averaged surface temperature across the United States.
I knew that the book was about Nichiren Buddhism! My heart was pounding.
This is my first attempt at a challenge with LOTV and it is also my first time using one of their stamps. I fell in love with this one when I saw it on several blogs and had to purchase it. I think I am going to have to get a few of their new ones soon. I this this is such a beautiful image for weddings. I tried to pair it with a great plumb color. I wanted to be different then pink...Which is the way I wanted to go. I like the bit of difference.
Paula Joan Caplan, PhD, Occupy the APA will begin at 10 a.m. at Friends Center (1515 Cherry Street, Philadelphia), where the speakers will also include:
Songtitle means discordant noise or shoutings.
Some folks enjoy crab cakes accompanied with a sauce of choice. A remoulade composed of mayonnaise, ketchup, lemon juice, horseradish and a dash of hot sauce is a southern favorite. Tartar sauce is a quick and easily alternative.
Let priests in all their person stay at the level of their lofty functions, let every man find them simple and great, like the Holy Eucharist, accessible to all yet above the rest of men. O my God, grant them to carry with them from the Mass of today, a thirst for the Mass of tomorrow, and grant them, ladened themselves with gifts, to share these abundantly with their fellow men. Amen.
Not many competitions offer direct feedback on your writing. However, you can extract your own feedback. If you win or are placed, the judge will give you some feedback. Take note of what they say and try to do it again.
Our hotel was in Times Square so we were fortunate enough to be sooo close to many things. First night we saw the excitement of Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, and where they film Dave Letterman's Late Show. We decided to eat at Angelo's next to Dave Letterman's and experience our first New York pizza. The food was amazing! I ate pizza quite a few times while I was there and this was the best for sure! I almost forgot to mention the celebrities we saw!!! We saw Barbara Walters and Kathy Griffin at the opening of Evita and two doors down from our hotel we saw Rascal Flatts! Lol I was definitely not a smooth New Yorker in those moments! I was pretty excited!
Hawaiian tattoos and body art have a history of thousands of years and experience a renewed popularity since the 90s, together with other tribal tattoo styles. Aloha!
This post has been written by Gus Mastrapa on July 14, 2010 4:00 pm couresy of blog.wired.com/games.
- cheese cubes
Ad Age: What effect will this have, if any, on other video game development, especially the very popular series with mass audiences?
Third surprise: Actually, I made this part up myself. I tossed a few glugs of whole cream over the softening foodstuffs toward the end of the cooking time, covered the pan, and waited for a little magic to happen in the oven.
And the vet was relaxed about this, and Ned got put on drugs. And the drugs worked, until they didn't, when our relaxed vet upped the dosage. To cut a long story short for the past nine months we've been raising the dosage everytime he has more "breakthrough fits".
There is so much beauty online, that perhaps sometimes we forget to transfer all that inspiration to our offline world. I'm definitely guilty of this, sometimes I spend most my time working and when it's time to relax I sit in front of my laptop to read some blogs. The Tour de Word (see video below) is just one way of taking something that started as an online adventure and develop it into something to do face to face. Our Blog camps are another example of how you can take relationships and friendships developed on the blogosphere to the offline world. I haven't been to a Blog Camp in a while, but if there is one next year, you can bet I'll be there!
Throughout the book there is a deep sense of mystery and otherworldliness, there were parts of the book that gave me chills and it wasn't from something in your face scary, just wrong. The story unraveled at a steady pace, with new surprises and developments around every corner. I kept thinking I had all the info but more crazy would happen. Ethan and Nara kept their wits about them pretty well considering, I'd have run screaming for the hills.
Spill the blood
The upper class keeps all of the money, pays all of the taxes.
I hadn't checked my own site stats for months, but when I got home I signed in and was delighted to see my Colonial and European Blogville neighbours' calling cards and even one from Chad. Of course, there were unexplained lurkers in such places as Cambodia, Brazil and - weirdest of all - Canada, and I assume that those are the ones who typed the following phrases into Google to end up on my blog.
Little wonder then, that when two morally outraged forces meet, the resultant exchange is merely an exercise in exponentially upping the ante. Or that such moral outrage lends itself to absolutism: something is either completely good or utterly bad, unquestionably right or unspeakably wrong; us, and them. In no time at all, reason is outlawed all together and all that remains is wild accusation.
WEBS Walkabout (not in the Aussie sense of the word)
Have you seen their stamps??? They are so funny. I really chuckled going through their site. I ended up choosing to work with this adorable giraffe and coordinating Above & Beyond sentiment. My oldest daughter has a thing for giraffes and just loved this fella!
But, then one little thing can steady you and set you right....
The most surprising thing to come out of tasting was that we found there were noticeable differences in the taste between the 5 glasses that was dependant on the order in which they were poured. The glasses that were poured first had significantly more sweetness to them then the ones poured last, which had a more rounded flavour to them, which wasn't a bad thing, it just made it even more interesting to pass them round to get a sample of them all. The other noticeable thing was just how fast the oxidation of the beer affected the taste, it certainly needed to be drunk there and then because I think that being left open for even just 30 minutes would of spoiled the beer...and I think I would of beaten someone with the bottle if that happened.
Step - 1, making the frame work.
(What I wore: flannel (EGO), jeans (OXYGEN), wayfarer (RAY BAN)
Judd stirred suddenly and lifted his head, disturbing two inches of ash and dust. Some of which stubbornly clung to his sweaty skin. He moaned loudly and clutched at his aching temple. A bit of dust to his left stirred and lit up in muted green from below. Judd reached out of hand and dusted off a layer, sending a cloud airborne and he sneezed. Then a small object, the size and appearance of a marble shot out from the dust and hovered a few feet away. It faded from brilliant green to a subdued shade of Blue(ltd) and shook a little bit to get off the last smidgen of dirt.
State of the Race
Just the way Life Should be.
Supplies: Memory Book & Card
Now, where is the main power control?
Talk about emotion in a photo, do you agree?
It's time for our next challenge here at FYI! We had some gorgeous entries from our last challenge, that my Lovelies are going to have a difficult time choosing from, for our next Lovely Lotus award. Thanks so much for all who were able to participate. We're absolutely thrilled to have you join us! Don't forget to check back on the 11th to see who our next Lovely Lotus is.
Understandably wedding plans have taken over our life here at the moment.
Here's a link to her blog:
Sinethemba died after her intestines were pulled out through her vagina,
I swear, friends should NOT let friends drink and date. If they do, friends should MAKE SURE friends don't have sex while drinking with their date. Seriously. Have you ever had one of those days where you wonder what the HELL you were thinking? I've been having LOTS of those lately!
BTW2 - No song titles are listed here. The j-card says only "various amazigh songs"
So as with last month you can do pretty much what you fancy so long as we can see a flower on to somewhere - even if it's not the stamp itself, there are so many pretty floral punches and ready made flowers available and we all love flowers. The only other requirement is of course that you must use a Black stamp or Stickeroo as the main element.
More interestingly in this audio interview, she further shared her comments on such issues as karma, re-incarnation, ego, unconditional love, besides other spiritual and Near-Death-Experiences(NDE) she encountered following her full recovery from lymphoma.
I'm a coked-out cokewhore headed to the corner store..." etc. etc.
in thine mighty feet
Of course they don't and clearly the 'traveller' world has moved on a bit since I took a drug addled year out in Mexico some 11 years ago. Back then (yes I cringe to say it) all we had was an out of date rough guide and a will to get smashed on anything we could get our hands on. Cue dangerous incidents in shanty towns, loud hallucinations and worrying weight loss.
The following are excerpts from an interview with Islamic scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on BBC Arabic on February 8, 2010.
My favorite is the butterfly. That means "fluttering around the room". I don't think Anna has ever received the butterfly (in the beginning of the school year, she came home with a turtle every day for weeks!) And as the year has progressed, we see more and more bees coming home.
When the new moon (down the drain) outside my kitchen window
But it was the BBC (and to a lesser extent CBC and CBC Northern Service) which provided the daily stability - the continuous unexaggerated voice to navigate the extremes of bullshit, propaganda, and outright lies. They were the gold standard, and I became addicted, and remain so to this day. As I went to university and travelled abroad, I brought a SONY ICF-5100 and now, still possess an even a smaller version, that has allowed me have the BEEB with me, wherever and whenever, which was particularly important when travelling back to the USA where intelligent international news was and remains well-nigh impossible to find without a broadband connection.
His wife's tears turn to anger as she returns with a suitcase. "I'm going to stay with mummy in Shropshire and maybe, maybe if you sort yourself and snap out of this 'evidence' garbage I'll consider coming back. Who do you think you are anyway, calling me a cretin!?"
And here I thought she had heard it all. Perhaps this time it seemed to her more an act of violence, a violation, something much more personal- after all, she was not on the street or in the subway but in her own room- all of this verbal filth coming in through her own window- invading her own private space. And I was not there to protect her.
This 'Pinkham Way Incinerator' website was told at the weekend that a couple of government ministers live in Muswell Hill. That should reduce the likelihood of Pinkham Wood ever being built! ... But Pinkham Wood should be more than just a successful nimby campaign, pushing the waste plant into an area with poorer and less influential people.
This was another super quick card! These borders look SO real! On this one, I have heat embossed it in white and it really pops doing that!
No one tried to stop me when I decided to stop taking medication. My parents had seen what it was doing to me and respected that I had my own idea of what would work for me.
TUSC is well placed to expose labour for its hypocrisy and outright lies that it defends ordinary people TUSC rejects all cuts whoever is making them but when labour makes the cuts people will see the true face of the labour party and will be looking for an alternative.
Sang soulfully, softly, with no trace of satire
The kids all file out without a word. Except for Clay, that is. As he reached the door, he asked, "So, does this mean, we're not getting suckers?"
The feature performer for the first-ever YorkSlam is Ritallin, who has been tearing up local slam mics of late. In his two most recent slam performances with the Toronto Poetry Project, he tied for second at the January 8 edition of Toronto Poetry Slam, then placed second at the CIPS Qualifier on January 17. He also won the Roots Lounge slam on January 15 with a perfect score of 30.0 in all three rounds! Ritallin was a finalist with Kingston Pen at the 2011 national team slam championships. Expect a strong set from this spoken word veteran.
2 flatbed carts up behind us.
I've been watching movies on TV today and
Cut to the quick by the oft-repeated suggestion that I somehow choose the weekly theme photograph in order to neatly fit in with an old photograph from my collection which I am wanting to feature in my weekly post, I am, this week, eschewing all pretense of theme-following. Instead, I am going with a random photograph taken from one of Uncle Frank's old photographic albums. The photograph is carefully entitled, in Uncle F's neat script, "Father And Mother On Front At Blackpool".
When Nixon learned about the burglary, he did not act on it prior to his reelection, because he reasoned, rightly, that the Washington Post would blame him for the burglary, although he had nothing to do with it, in the hopes of preventing his reelection.
The article states that residents in the area complained to URA about parking and traffic woes, hence URA took action by not allowing them to renew their licenses. I suspect that whoever made the complaints must be someone rather important. How else do you explain the mega swift action?! Either that or URA got tired of answering the calls asking them to send enforcement officers to the area.
This is going to be a really quick post, as we are going to RHS Wisley today to see the Butterflies in the glasshouse, as H has an inset day. Tomorrow after some time of waiting, i'm having an MRI scan done on my right knee to finally find out what's going on, yipee.
What do you think? Love 'em? Hate 'em? Or... torn because you loved the original ones? Me too. The originals will always have a wonderful place in my heart!
Hopefully another hundred thousand times or more.
The rule, as I've heard it stated, says that if a claim is longer than the length of the examiner's hand, it's allowable. I've heard it more than once, from more than one examiner. The thing is, it's a complete fallacy. I know of not a single examiner, not even the ones from whom I've heard it, who actually subscribe to it. . . .
Fruit Chaat / Tropical Summer Fruit Salad
First up I asked the staff for the hoppiest beer on tap which was a brew by Hopdog Beerworks: The Pale. I was kindly advised to try a sample out first as it I was informed a hop monster of a beer and it was! Massive hop hit,bitter and palate destroying!-I like it! Definitely a PROPER pale ale! I was planning on trying out a few that night so I moved on to the recommendation of the great bar staff and tried out a pint of the Rocks Brewery Co's The Hangman Pale Ale
I so wanted his letter to be all about me. For years I read his words and interpreted them as a promise that God would work everything out. Or that I'd eventually have my way. Or that things would at least make sense some day.
Suzette came up and dragged me from my funk and made me plan some trips. She has recently changed around her whole schedule so she can run around with us more. I was forced to oblige.
Last weekend to the Cotswolds to visit my father-in-law's widow. We try to stay over in Stratford as it's a long day's driving otherwise. This, the revamped Shakespeare Memorial theatre, with the curious tower, somewhat like a medieval Italian city state. In the foreground, a glorious magnolia, dripping with blooms.
I flipped through World Without Fish quickly and liked a few things in it towards its end. There are actual suggestions of what individuals can do to stop the demise of the fish populations around the world and guidelines for local activism that include having a sense of humor. Not bad, really.
Average syllables per word : 1.7
Unfortunately, all of the excitement left no time of respite for Ian. His epilepsy was beginning to get unwound, due to his frantic schedule. Nothing but work; any time not spent gigging was spent in the studio rehearsing. It's interesting for me to know this, especially, given the legendary quality of the final two songs he managed to produce during this period. When and where exactly they were conceived, I have no idea. I wish they were early enough to be considered for recording and release on "Closer", but
*interlude*
Sunday - The band was in Arkansas so I didn't cook
And here I am at nearly 7am, about 7 hours after I met him, blogging about a cute guy that I just met and have no idea whether I'm going to see him again.
Suggestions
because alot of the now doesn't inspire me as much.....I also like
I understand that I state every year in the Survival Guide that I work with a more limited batterie de cuisine during peysekh, but each irresistible gadget brings the peysekh arsenal a little closer to parity.
If you can't make it to the demonstration, you can support our other events and campaigns.
However, based on all the news that I within an impressively short amount of time got a hold of, I discovered one thing:
The lady who schedules the appointments could sense that I was nervous about size. I told her my husband traced his hand and told me to give that to the doctor. Typical. She suggested I go to www.loveyourlook.com. Fortunately, I am an info junky and had already come across that website. It is a good one if you are trying to gage your results. However, I looked at so many boobs I was beginning to feel like a perv.
Finding a Good Crew to Run with is Golden
Cumin powder ........ 1/2 tsp
We are scheduled to have our big ultrasound on November 10th. At this point, we could find out if we decided not to let it be a surprise. We still haven't really made a decision yet. I'm just looking forward to being able to see how much our baby has grown!
With spring well under way we thought it would be appropriate to have a "flower" themed challenge. So, you can have your main image be flowers like the Party Planners have done, or you can show us flowers as an embellishment. As long as there are flowers it counts!
Thankfully, God created angels with a purpose that does not know seasonal limitations. He created them to be His messengers to carry out His business in the world. They can be here one minute, warning us, embodying God's love for us, or filling a desperate need for us, even executing God's judgment against us (as in the book of Revelation), and then be gone then next. Although they may appear visibly or be heard audibly, they usually perform their duties as invisible, yet very real, agents of God. Most of the time angels are depicted in our modern culture as young women in wispy full-length gowns and delicate wings. Personally, I don't fully buy into that image, and from what I've read in Scripture, God doesn't want us to limit them to that view either. Sure, God can command an angel to minister to us in the form of a bystander giving words of comfort to someone going through a tough time. But when it comes to protecting us or defending us from the schemes of the devil, I'd much rather have God employ angels that are more characteristic of highly trained American soldiers than three chick friends standing in front of a bronze sculpture! I would not want to begin what kind of evil and terror we would go through if God's army of angels did not watch over each and every one of us!
I was sure
- 1 dessert spoon of clear honey
On these fundaments, they conclude by requesting the determination of the following measures:
Like a good copilot, I followed his instructions and grabbed my empty breakfast plate, catching the tube of congealed, regurgitated hair before it hit the couch or the floor.
The colorant and the botanical are close at hand so I can add them at trace. Trace is what it's called when the soap has thickened to the point of a thinnish pudding.
Thanks for allowing me to read for you.
Leave a comment for each entry.
IX. Never Throw a Player Under the Bus
Who else would have warned
"Can't you all hear that? Is it just me? Oh no! I must have some disease."
Science Lab in a Supermarket ((Friedhoffer)
After three years of searching, and now 21 years old, I still had not found what I was looking for. I heard about a course called Silva Mind Control, which was invented by Jose Silva. I took a friend along with me and we signed up for the course. I had no idea what I was getting into, but the flyer that I had looked at promised me that I would have the ability to diagnose and heal those who were sick. We were told to lie down on the floor and visualize a workroom. Then we were told to create imaginary counselors to help us in this workroom. My counselors were Jesus, Curly, of the Three Stooges, and the Lone Ranger. LOL! I figured that each of them could be trusted. Much to my amazement they would appear with me in my imaginary workroom. We have discussed some of what this is in the pages of this book. I was being indoctrinated into the occult, using meditation and what is known as guided imagery to catapult me into the unseen world of the spirit.
A close-up of the bag (from last Christmas as well), and the cross necklace, last seen at Alice Cooper: And a shot of my silver snake ring and my ear cuff, both of which are well over 20 years old.
Next day, I said I have to switch SIM for a day. Maybe I have to switch off my head. Still the clutter remains in me.
The New York Times, or as SayUncle appropriately calls it, the paper of making things up, let slip a little bit of honesty today. In the midst of a column opining that if we could just agree on "reasonable gun regulation" the National Rifle Association would cease to exist, Andrew Rosenthal had this to say:
Last night Ky came over, and we proceeded to get ourselves back into a yoga groove, stretching out all our muscles and trying to calm down from the day.
-About those hubbies...Justin has grown to be just fine with cloth diapering. Would he be sad if we stopped? No. Would he do cloth diapering if it wasn't for me? No way. However, he's 100% on-board and I so appreciate his open mind! For the daddies out there...his favorite are the hook and loop (velcro) cloth diapers because they are the most similar to disposables. He also prefers not so spray off the poo diapers, but just throw it into the bag.
He was happy with his current project, Avenging Spider Man, which dealt with Spider Man outside of New York City.
Germans have very few friends but if you are considered a friend it is expected you will help and care for each other.
Fashionable macaroons.
Peace and Love for everyone
May 29th: Beach Wedding Card by Guest Artist Esther Peck
Matcha is a fine, powdered green tea, mostly used in Japanese tea ceremony, but also incorporated in pastries, desserts, drinks, and soba. Because of its potent substance, the taste is very grassy, thus an acquired taste for some people. I personally enjoy the bitterness, but one could add sugar to temper with the sweet level. Matcha itself has a rich supply of antioxidants, so it is definitely a popular ingredient pastry chefs are untilizing for an Asian flare, but also for its nutrition benefits.
These are just a few "Need to Know" things that I would like to hear about! Any takers...
~My husband loves award shows. Not entirely sure why as he has yet to have ever been able to convey an exact reason to me, but nonetheless we watch them everywhere. While I would have rathered not stay up til midnight to see a silent movie win, I did overall enjoy the broadcast. A few of my favorites were...
For my creation I thought I would show you my little bird bath project. We had this bird bath on the other side of the yard but moved it here to fill in where our tree recently died. It was the second tree we had in this spot and did not want to replace it again. It must not be a good spot! With a little digging, planting, and painting it now looks like....
The ploughman as he turns his furrow
this is my favorite poem of all time ~
When I was a wee tyke, a family friend who worked in the industry suggested that my twin sister and I should get an agent. My loving parents, who also worked in the media, heeded her advice. The first audition I went for was a commercial for a clothing chain and I remember really loving it, having heaps of fun making the casting director laugh. I got the gig, and I guess it must have been a sign, because I continued to work pretty solidly after that.
Bass: Nat
I snagged my favourite seat. Bang in the middle of the back row. What luck! The aisle feeds up to it meaning plenty of legroom. No one behind, no one in front. Perfect.
7 Junk Yard Dawg 3:35
content adapted from the1940census.com
The aroma was filled with the recognizable smell of Smith and Cross: strong, funky and full of promise. Of course the molasses was there as well, though I am still not sure if I was smelling the actual molasses or the Smith and Cross. Also, the pineapple spear, which was an utter garnish failure, awkward protuberance that it was, added a bit of undefinable fruitiness to the nose. The first sip was very molasses-y, though the hogo of the rum carried through at the end. You would think that there would be some sweetness in this drink, but it was dry and earthy, with a vague powdery texture that made each sip seem almost chewy. After I increased the bitters, the spices became more detectable on the swallow. The flavors of the molasses were also enhanced by the increase in bitters--the drink seemed sweeter, in that pleasing molasses cookie way, and the flavors in general seemed more balanced. Overall, not bad but not great.
forget about him and never see
Emily Cale spent the majority of her childhood as a visitor to the worlds of her favorite authors. With encouragement from her English teachers, she put pen to paper and began imagining her own stories. Preferring the fascinating lives of her characters, she majored in creative writing. When not lost in a manuscript or a good book, she enjoys crocheting, rock climbing, and playing board games. She currently lives in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, with her husband and a very spoiled cat.
Last week saw another turn of direction for the brand with the news that the Genii Capital-owned F1 team has terminated its sponsorship agreement with Group Lotus. Financial uncertainty has surrounded Group Lotus since the investment arm of the Malaysian Government, Khazanah, selling its near on 43 percent stake in Lotus parent company Proton, to another Malaysian entity, DRB-Hicom. Those famous insiders surfaced in various reports saying that the sale of Proton was a contributing reason for Genii cancelling its sponsorship agreement.
Condiments I had not witnessed being added to beer in the college bar scene and a practice I don't see much of, if at all, when Furry Husband and I go out to eat, which isn't often. We do most of our drinking at home, a glass of wine with dinner. Our alcohol choices these days are bottled, microbrew beers and wine.
Find an article.
which brings me closer to you;
No official rescheduled release date has been announced but a first batch should be available by October.
I realize that maintaining two separate blogs may seem daunting; but I will do my best to keep this as current as possible. I am currently working a on post which should be ready soon for publishing. In the meantime, thank you again for following and showing an interest in my thoughts..
Hope you are all enjoying the weekend with your family and friends.
Our estimates suggests male grades fall signi cantly with the success of the football team.
Definition: A terrifying beast of inexplicable strength and a mighty appetite. Not exactly the brains of the operation. Oftentimes a downright fool, who will try desperately to garner attention.
Most long time readers of short stories consider either Trevor or Alice Munto (Canada) as the best world wide of contemporary short story writers. Trevor (1928-Mitchelstown, County Cork, Ireland) is a very prolific writer. In addition to numerous novel, he has written 100s of short stories. The Collected Short Stories of William Trevor is 1280 pages. I first encountered Trevor this week and will just comment briefly on the two stories (both published in The New Yorker) I read.
It hurt and for a moment all I could do was lay on the grass and arch my back over and grind my wings into the ground. My dad groaned and held his head and his chest and through the bright lights popping up in front of my eyes I could just make out that my dad was bleeding out of his head.
More gratuitous adorableness? Or is the birthday suit the height of haut baby fashion. You be the judge.
get the chance to learn about journalism as well as marketing and media.
Keep in mind your current business, and where you plan to go with your consumers with products, services, and information that they give you a good value for your money. The warranties that govern the hilton hotel birmingham nec of the hilton hotel birmingham nec what your situation entails, an NEC telephone, Jacksonville companies can take advantage of ECO facility that can be incredibly useful in maintaining a connection with your consumers is critical to your success. An NEC LCD monitors, the hilton hotel birmingham nec are endless with screens varying from 15 to 82 inches. These screens make the hotel birmingham nec along with high-end performance including outstanding image features, comfortable and productive.
Ask the Virgin, or God, or the night.
I usually find the Winter collections more appealing, perhaps this is just because seeing an influx of polonecks and cosy looking parkas while it's still chilly outside is physically appealing but either way the New York collections excited me more than usual. As naughty as it is to admit somethings I view NYFW as a bit of a pre-cursor to the more exciting and less commercial shows. (Proenza Schouler, Rodarte, Rachel Comey are exampt from this generalisation). But back to this season. Edun in particular which grows on me with every season, had a very cool ease about it. The sort of collection that has been styled well but would still serve you well once the outfits have been deconstructed and individual pieces worn. It always niggles me when you realise a collection that looked so wonderful on the catwalk was down to canny styling and it's brilliance doesn't quite translate onto the rails.
Eventually, Mommy Monster finds both girls and nibbles on some yummy fingers. We read a few books, sing a song or two, and get tucked into bed for nap time.
application effectively has the same U.S. filing date as the PCT application.
Voidoids (Hell, Quine, Julian, Xavier, Morrison) five demos 1979
Flecks of speckled light bear witness
Mr Waterson said, 'This man's presence in Eastbourne raises a number of serious issues that ministers must answer.
October 1 @ Empty Bottle (Chicago, Illinois)
In India in 1824 British government for the first time enacted regulation I of 1824(for land acquisition).its application was throughout the whole of the Bengal provinces immediately subject to the presidency of fort William.
He was apparently urinating blood and would have to undergo further tests today.
But... it's not Thanksgiving yet and I wasn't going to cook a turkey just for supper for the 3 of us. So, back to the cold frame search. I chose a colander full of spinach, I had some ham in the refrigerator, I'd make a quiche. Barbara and Josh both like quiche.
The bell rang rather sharply.
We have sunny days here! MashaAllah, its such an amazing feeling to really enjoy the sun! So many dark days in the winter make you appreciate the bright sunny days on a different level. I wonder how many people who has been living all their live in finland really do know the worth of the absolute stunning nature here?
I think this is a pretty good query letter as it stands. The paranormal stuff is going to move it off my request list but I can see someone reading pages on this pretty easily.
2. Haggard: Wild in appearance or extreme weight loss due to starvation or disease
Before long a glossy concept magazine packed with ads surfaced on the newsstands, and the whole mvoement devolved into one more mildly exotic lifestyle choice for bored yuppies who were tired of the older options for conspicuous consumption and wanted to try a new one. Not simplicity, but a set of abstract cultural representations of simplicity that were heavily marketed to sell products, became the hallmark of the movement, as torrents of overpriced goodies manufactured in Third World sweatshops and marketed through lavish catalogs and websites came to define what had started out as a not unreasonable attempt to raise questions about the contemporary cult of clutter. What Thoreau would have thought of all this, while stepping out of his shack at Walden Pond with an ax in his hand to split firewood in the chill October air, does not bear imagining.
good-bye,
The X Factor judge, 23, who recently released her first solo single, tops the annual FHM list.
(Reprise last verse.)
The speeding of devoted souls
sky to sky
On the plates on which were spread the dregs of "Pale Ale". only the hard acid-forming colonies could be isolated. These were apparently identical with St. II. In this context it should be remembered that the beers came from the same brewery.
Mom also taught me a special trick to make up for people not being able to pet me. When Mom tells me to say hello, I wave my paw at the people. We get a lot of smiles for that and Mom says it has really helped some people overcome the stereotype that any dog with a square head and a broad chest is mean or aggressive! Mom says that she wants to "pay it forward" to other dogs for what I do for her since she thinks she can't pay me back (which I still think is silly since I get to sleep on her bed on my own pillows, get the best food, chewies and stuffies/other toys. I even have a pool to lounge in when we're outside with Mom). But we all want to help homeless animals, especially those that are misrepresented.
Soon we'll be releasing information to the media about our drive to raise funds for the National Film Preservation Foundation and its White Shadow project. The NFPF wants to stream the movie for all to see and record the score by Michael Mortilla.
Finally! Something new to share. Lately, I haven't really been driven to make anything. The next birthday in my family will be me (October 8 *cough cough*), but my friend does have one around then as well, so I've started working on some things for her.
Focus: More of God
I found this recipe for banana peanut butter spread on a wonderful blog that I subscribe to called Chocolate Covered Katie . It is a simple recipe made from two healthy ingredients that tastes absolutely fabulous together.
Hew was, however, a poor man.
We suppose at some stage, when it suits someone in a more powerful position, these hypocrites will be thrown to the lions.
its the police mon
I felt it was a good book for younger teens. It had a feeling like it was aimed more at that audience. I would give it a 12+ rating.
So don't feel guilty for caring. Don't feel guilty for being selfish -- because being selfish is the only way you'll get to do what you love.
With such a bounty of hot peppers, we also tried our hand at making a hot pepper and garlic paste, like a Thai green curry paste, to freeze and this proved to be a wonderful little condiment. I just added seeded and rough chopped Tiburon and Gypsy peppers to my hard-working blender, and then added in a handful of peeled fresh garlic and maybe a couple of tablespoons of olive oil and pulverized the whole thing until it was a light green, creamy consistency. A little salt and pepper and then I froze this hot pepper paste in 1/2 cup containers (as a little goes a long way!). It's a little watery when you thaw it, but you can drain it a bit before adding it to other ingredients.
They undermined the rise of Nationalism across Europe.
Sea Wolf - Black Dirt
A few years ago I did a series of mixed media pieces on 12" x 12" pieces of plywood that I really hated. So I stuck them in a closet and vowed never to look upon them again. But after my funds for canvas purchases ran low, I decided to paint over some of them in order that I could maybe come up with something I liked.
There will be a raising of energy frequency when this happens. When the
2) Plane crashes immediately, shards of metal go everywhere.
These DPs are from My Minds Eye, the Lost & Found "Madison" collection. The lace and roses are from Wild Orchid Crafts . . . and the seam binding is from The Ribbon Girl. Here's a peek at the inside . . .
Nicky did her own thing and made a union jack which we all loved.
Ted Walsh IRE (Kill, County Kildare)
Your office neighbors may have a negative reaction or be confused and may not have the resources to receive education or have someone to set expectations regarding this change. They may reach out to you or you may want to reach out to them in order to provide assistance. What you want to avoid is leaving your office neighbors without resources to allow them to be educated or be aware of the expectations. This can result in a negative response and even turn into harassment for your employee.
Imagine the possibilities of two days ahead with a completely blank canvas!
This is a low-budget movie, as most zombie movies tend to be, however it is well thought out and in keeping with recent French horror releases, it is very violent. Fans of gory, bloody, brutal action will love it and probably forgive the lack of exposition and inconsistencies within the script. It looks good for what it is, probably due to budget restrictions the idea to use a run-down apartment block actually makes sense and the grimy setting really works in the movies favour. The special effects are a fairly good blend of make-up, blood and CGI which is used sparingly to enhance the blood/gore effects in certain scenes.
I can't get the colours right in this picture - it's the same colour palette as the other 2 - an ace photographer I'm not - obviously. There is a 4th one partially stitched but as I have the attention span of a mentally challenged gnat at the moment I don't know when I will finish it.
Arlo: Fishing
3. Strawberries, $1.29/lb. at Sprouts (through 3/9/11)
As I grab her hand, I feel the punch connect with the side of my left eye socket.
And again, it's raining outside. No suprise. Hurricane season is no fun for anyone... and it's a shame because September is one of my favorite months here in the Northeast; sun-soaked days in the 70s, flip flops and jeans. My September was held hostage by rain, and now it's October. Perfect weather at night to sit around the fire with friends.
FBI transcripts verify that bin Laden, according to testimony by former FBI translator Sibel Edmonds, was working for the US at that time and had maintained contact with his CIA handlers through the fateful summer of 2001.
It was so nice to spend another day free as me and not having any problems anywhere I went. My confidence is growing.
Just think. My brother will be 67 when Koll Henry turns 19. And my Jesse will be 38. Probably they'll all be out there on Thanksgiving Day, playing their annual game of football. I like that thought.
About TriCounty Community Network
So no more You and Me blog... no more twitter, etc. I just can't hang!! It was very hard trying to decide what to eliminate but I have never really felt "comfortable" blogging about my kids. I'm such a paranoid person... that every time I click "publish post" I would just cringe and pray that no crazies have wondered here. That's also a big reason I will be ending this blog... I thankfully have NEVER had an issue with my blog and the crazies... but it always had me worried. That is another main concern. So there is just so much thought put into this decision and it's clear the best thing for me is to end You and Me Blog. It's time for me to move on.
That wasn't the only pretty addition I wanted to make, however. On top of the bookshelf is a small caddy of drawers that holds various office supplies like paper clips, stapler, etc. I grabbed some more pretty paper and lined the drawers!
I have shared to my acquaintances here in Tacloban what I know about Waray Art Revolution (W.A.R.), hoping that they, too can share about it. Curiosity indeed works!
So, there you have it. I love the multiple colors and even somehow incorporating the letter "C" in a special way as the first letter of our son's name.
We are gifting FREEBIES, such as digital images, and other wonderful downloadable goodies!
6He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
So what's the problem?
She was calm, cool and collected, and before long her kids were quiet and back to being human. Back to being human?? What is she saying? That when people are upset, they cease to be human? Or is it only when they are upset about somethings we don't understand or accept? Or is it that children are only considered human when they are quiet and convenient and compliant? Either way, I am saddened by this thought.
Delwin Sharp (1884-1969), son of Milo and Lilly Sharp.
Jen's 1st birthday party is tonight. Today is her actual birthday (Happy Birthday, Jen) and we are having a Girl's Night/Bruins party tonight at Grace's house. Tomorrow is a family party. It will be a joint Tommy/Jennifer birthday since their birthdays are close.
IT Governance and Relationship Improvement
When there's conflict in my marriage, when my kids disappoint me or I blow it as a mom, I have friends I can turn to. I know that they'll listen, I know they'll understand, and they'll support me -- or if necessary, tell me that I need to modify my thinking.
When I say BLACK put your hands on your back.
blue blanket over
BUTTONS AND BOWS (Lyrics)
Renovation is simply not about adding an extra bedroom or converting your attic, it is more than that. Any changes and additions to your existing house means, long-term changes that will affect your daily living. Therefore, home renovations should be planned and executed wisely. Here are some tips to help you
Manhattan crowds, with their turbulent musical chorus!
Will Mr Doncaster do so, or has his media blitz ceased for now, at least until next Monday?
And this was after a *good* breakfast of a bowl of cereal with light milk, and a 6 inch sub from Subway for lunch. Yeah, could have been healthier, but in the food court I was in, trust me. I took the healthy option.
Shirl - Vintage Sea Muse
And safeguard our nation through life.
( Himal SouthAsian , Aug 2009)
Wordsworth
I also had a whole bunch of empty MAC products (my mum goes through the eyeliners like crazy) and I swapped them (see back to MAC) for this pink-red Creamsheen lipstick in Lickable. Since it's one of their Creamsheens, the formula is more moisturising, slightly glossy and adds a bright burst of colour. Yay. Not bad for a freebie.
Wisconsin (LQ: 1.85; 2001-11 Job Change: -21%)
Hours after Mr. Obama delivered his predawn speech and left Afghanistan, insurgents attacked a fortified compound that houses thousands of Westerners, including U.S. Department of Defense contractors and European Union police trainers, on the outskirts of Kabul.
The blooms kit always comes delivered in a pretty chiffon bag & when you open it all the lovely blooms & ribbons come tumbling out. Karen pops the pins, charms, buttons & gems in a little cellophane bags to prevent them from damaging the other more delicate contents!
:: Red (or better): Locus may be consumed to act on a 1:1 ratio.
The definition of resistance is interesting: (www.dictionaryreference.com)
From today until 26th August, 2012, the exhibition La Triennale - curated by Okwui Enwezor- will be on show, bringing together works from several French and International artists (including Annette Messager, Chris Ofili and Thomas Struth) around the theme of Intense Proximity, the exhibition's sub-heading, demonstrating creativity in the context of a diverse and globalised France.
But in one fell swoop we have gone to the opposite extreme, so that police officers are now terrified of talking confidentially even to journalists whom they used to trust. Crime correspondents have testified to the Leveson Inquiry that their police sources have all but dried up.
I currently have shite everywhere, I can't find my marriage certificate and if a disaster happened (and this seems to be a common occurence lately) I would struggle to find all the important documents.
Here are the two munchkins all dressed up at Grandma and Granddad's house...awwww!
I love the caramelized, crunchy crust on the moist, cinnamon-y cake, the candy-like glaze and the juicy apples.
there is a city version of a porch swing there.
but you all know how hard it is to photograph things
They need more than 41 opinions, if you ask me. And they go beyond a simple yes/no choice, so kudos to them. Go and have a look.
Ever told your child,
Brewed on 02/05/2009 by myself.
Bring your children and their friends! This Sunday the market will feature a children's station with paint, brushes, and decorating materials for kids to express their autumn-inspired creativity. There will also be a face painter available to paint faces (she'll be working for free, so be sure to express your gratitude!). Festivities will commence at 10am and last until 1pm.
She seemed to appreciate all and calmed down very quickly. I also gave her 2 grams of Bute, put standing wraps on her hind legs, before we finally left for the night.
Sometimes she'll really surprise me with how she's able to communicate her thought processes to me, like with the Yo Gabba Gabba puler story.
And so we set off from home....
So, I cleaned out my closet to allow for a updated pieces of Spring. Apparently, Ann Taylor has decided that neon colors are in. I purchased an electric blue dress and a neon yellow cardigan. As I tried it on - my mind flashed back to my cousin's 16th birthday party (I was 13) and was SO proud of my new Esprit outfit. This outfit consisted of - yellow pants, and royal blue shirt with yellow/ red paisleys, and a red sweater. I was SPECIAL. Words can't even describe it. Sadly, no pictures exist (because 10 years ago I destroyed all potential blackmail material.) And yet - I still bought the dress and cardigan.
I seriously can not believe our mild winter! We have been so lucky to missed any bad winter storms!
After you notice Casey's eyes, you tend to notice the curvy shape of her body; her large, soft, pale breasts - always a sliver away from showing too much and her wide hips and plump thighs - she is all undulating softness. Except her lips. Her lips are thin and pale from pressing too tightly against one another. When she parts them in a smile, a rare thing, they disappear completely, obscured by two rows of tiny teeth fighting for show in her small, tight mouth.
1 cup hot water
The first ones I feature below are from Esty. Ruby's Lounge and Hi feature these great heads that are wrapped in a variety of wall papers. I chose my favorites.You can custom order from Ruby' which allows you to choose a paper of your choice! A small work of art!
And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out tools:
"And what is the officer's name on the ticket?"
Blessings to you Sababoo.
Paprika - 1tsp
STO: Could you tell us something about Grayceon members other musical projects? How do you all prioritize your time in each band?
answers from the queen were to no avail
Don't be drag, just be a queen
Bright and early on Thursday, May 26th (before the sun had even come up), I began my journey to Florida. Now the totally wierd thing is that in my 21+ years of motherhood, I have NEVER left my kids for more than three or four days at a time. Oh, they have left me...for visits with their grandparents, church camp, and, in more recent years, trips to visit friends...but I have never been the one to leave except for brief weekend trips. So, for me to be going on a long extended trip by myself just seemed SO wierd. However, wierd or not, me alone was the plan.
This is at the elementary level, but when a "school of choice" opened in our district this year, virtually every white student in my daughter's grade left to go to that school, which billed itself as a progressive alternative to zoned schools. Now Brooklyn New School might open a new school in district 13, which will definitely impede the integration of local zoned schools which have already lost many white, biracial, and affluent families to BNS.
Donahue
The true genius of these ads comes from the honesty. Every craft beer love can probably attest to a time they've rolled their eyes when a macrobrewer tries to claim their beer has a "cold flavor", or even worse, that it will make you popular, attractive, or more fun. Breckenridge concisely cuts through the crap with such delightful deadpan. For craft beer lovers, a lot of the messaging is familiar. Almost a "well, duh" moment. But for anyone who has ever checked a can to see if their beer is cold, these ads serve as a wake up call in a humorous and straightforward way.
43. Would you like fries with that?? Love this song.....
Some of you may know that I've just started eating meat, after a 10 year hiatus, and I'm having a lot of fun experimenting with adding meat to meals, where there would have been none. So J asked me if I would mind if he made a bacon, mushroom and BBQ sauce pizza. I told him I thought it needed more vegetables, so he added the last of our two eggs. Close, but I still knew there were limited vegetables on it.
and walking the waterside promenade newly built by the hands of tiny Swedes (I like to pretend)
As a stay at home mom, I have occasionally noticed a certain level of patronization and derision aimed my way by the more left-leaning, feminist career women sector. There seems to be a perception that stay at home moms are rich women who are not pulling their weight in society and have taken the easy way out or, even sillier, that those women are victims of male hegemony who have been brainwashed and, poor creatures, simply don't know any better. The reality is far different, but more on that in a minute.
I am feeling a little overwhelmed right now so please be patient with me while I get things in order. I will one day this week do the drawing for March and announce the new April give away, share vacation photos, etc. But I will be buried the next couple of days getting as many things done as humanly possible.
Hydorn gained notoriety after one of her mail-order customers in Oregon, Nicholas Klonoski, 29, described by his family as suffering from depression but otherwise healthy, used an "exit kit" to kill himself in December 2010.
3. What Child is This
1. Choose a good spouse in the first place. A spouse who is truly good and kind. Full of virtue and holiness to the Lord. (2)
See you on Monday
I jump.
Right, so onto today's card, which is for our new challenge at A Gem of a Challenge - it was my turn to choose the theme, and I decided to go with one of my current favourite colour combinations, 'pink, blue & green'. Luckily my card was made earlier in the week or I don't think I'd have managed it!
Had I been made aware at the outset of the vicious cut-throat world of workplace baking I'd have run screaming from the kitchen.
Just one? Damn. It differs depending on where, when and who we're with. One of the best memories is of beer o'clock times while on holidays at Skala Eressos in Greece - sitting with friends in Rosie's Moon Cantina at around 4pm each day; eating tuna salads with divine feta cheese, and downing the first cold Heineken.
demonstrates an eclipse; in the foreground,
333 **8. "Angels we have heard on high." Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, December 21, 2000, p. 20. (Source: Item E-XII/11/1998, below. Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 862-63.)
As I have written below, I have my own reservations about a culture of recommendation without careful analysis, but I seem to be being held up as one of Susan Hill's main supporters on positive reviewing (see the Guardian Arts blog). A real first for The Bitch: never before in her life has she been identified with 'simpering acolytes'.
Calories: 390
"We shall humbly advise her Majesty to remit the cause with that declaration to the Arches Court of Canterbury, to the end that right and justice may be done in this matte: pursuant to the said declaration " (March 8 1850).
The ARISE Positivity Cards iPhone and iPad, App is available at the ITunes store now for FREE. To download it FREE on your Android phones visit the Android Market. For more information or to purchase beautiful hard copies of these pocket sized positive communication tools, visit http://at-riskyouth.org/arise-positivity-cards/.
I do hope you can mend it with china glue Gail! ~ Such a lovely old antique pot!
A well-proportioned diet will result to a conditioned memory. Excessive oily foods may block the memory, studies show. If you cannot eliminate a bad diet, gradually cut down your intake of these memory-inhibiting foods. This is not only beneficial to the memory, but it changing your diet to a balancing one will lead to a more fulfilling life too.
I guess the last few weeks are up to me.
In my words, the ultimate goal of a successful web experience management solution is to enable your brand or company (depending on definition) to scale positive, individual interactions. This goal begs the question: why is it important to scale those interactions? What are the forces that inspire companies to spend millions if not billions of dollars to accomplish this goal? I believe the WEM movement is part of a general shift from the traditional, one-size-fits-all business strategies of past text book fame to a consumer-driven personalization model.*
Flying Dog Brewery Double Dog Double Pale Ale
There is very little to say of Teddy that is bad. He was a poodle. I confess I had my doubts about poodles before meeting Ted, having been reared on a canine diet of cattledogs, and to be frank, I suspected he might be the weakest link in the live-in deal.
We did a LOT of work in a short amount of time, but I am absolutely smitten with the end result. It quickly became my favorite room in the house.
* Osaka University - Osaka (Japan)
Private Ali has not returned from an expeditionary force tasked with approaching the borders os Afghanistan.
I have adored Marcia ever since working on her right-angle weave book. But I'd never spent any time with Maggie Meister. We became instant pals--she is an absolute delight. I also got to know Susan Kazarian, owner of the Beading Frenzy in San Mateo and co-producer of this event, who is just a doll...really savvy. Here's a photo of Susan with Marcia during one of the prize giveaways during class break:
Thunder Road 6:42
to bless hands
I even managed a QSO with G3WKW on 160m.
From the concept alone I knew this film was going to be a winner with me. While I was inexplicably a little disappointed by the lack of interspecies prehistoric sex, the whole affair was ultimately worth it for the opportunity to see a shark take down a flying plane, and Debbie Gibson, it was nice to see Debbie again after all these years.
Throughout our lives we will make good and bad choices but we will still ultimately always be that boy or girl. That never changes. There is never a reason to question your own identity.
HD-- cd wave--nero smoothing-- flac(8)
The days seem to just blend into one another and the weeks stack right up on top of each other. It's so hard to believe that the year is nearly one-half over! Baby Anna is now six months old (amazing!) and it seems like just last week that she was a newborn. She's growing so much and getting such a cute little personality. Amy said when she picks Anna up from day care, she's usually playing in a bouncer so they went and bought her one. You can see that she really likes it. It's a bit blurry because she's bouncing, bouncing, bouncing!
As the technology advanced further and more and more gamers started getting attracted to the computer games, the need to update the gaming system was realised.
2008-unity, membership loss, being global church, Evangelism-Making disciples, and structure/Polity;
The first contender was this adorable young warbly man from Finland, who sang a song about saving the planet. He was so cute and environmentally conscious, he made me want to have another baby, but only if it was him:
of your beloved
Labi Siffre: Doctor, Doctor
So gone it was and Pat knew it wasn't a dirty robber just because, hmmm let's say he learned a trick from Jericho and employs it at our show. Plus the thing may be worth ten cents and there are no vents. He looked around and then noticed my face looking a little less profound, like I was hiding something on him. I wish Pat was more dim.
Anyway, this one pours an inky black, with red highlights but only at the extreme edges because of how thick this one is. Not as opaque as Ten FIDY or Bourbon County, but it doesn't have to be. Good sized head on an aggressive pour that's dark brown and fades to a sheet, but stays there.
The main character, Angela, is every confused, white middle class American girl in the mid-90's. She is confused, trying to find herself, bathed in cranberry colored hair dye and swabbed in a flannel shirt. She is artistic and full of angst and in love with a boy that isn't good enough for her.
hearing those words -- heart failure.
Good to see such an article in the journal
For garnishing
Our last look at Rhino Mania takes us shopping...
As you may know, St. Andrews is where Prince William and Kate met. The town is really playing it up for the Royal Wedding and it was loads of fun to see all the decorations and funny signs!
Sentences must have verbs.
This will be drawn on Thursday 17 November midnight AEST and posted immediately. Be sure to check back to see if you win!!
He loves it outside, and though I am not much of an "outdoorsy" person,
And as for those folks out there quick to jump on this bandwagon against the big, bad government man trying to restrict someone's right to speak, they should think about the fact that their poster child is a fibber, and that she should probably sit in a corner and think about what she did. She is not exactly a role model.
Reversible Cable Scarf
9. A good chiropractic adjustment. After years and years of pain being told by my chiropractor that my scans are almost perfect. Is there anything better?
I originally posted this true story when I first started blogging, but I don't know if any of you read my site back then. Thought you might enjoy seeing it now.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3
valleys.
My lips move back to your throat, and my hand reaches around to squeeze a breast and tweak your hard nipple. You moan with pleasure, and I stay right there, kissing and stroking you. I can feel you relax, and I very slowly push a fraction of an inch of my shaft into you. You grunt and then moan, so I pause, and then push slowly for another split second.
In other updates...
Ummm then, vertail loving ((((HUGZ)))) into the sea of Light!!
Hello, lovely frocks. I found these photos taken by badmomgoodmom, of my absolute favorite gown from Marie Antoinette (2006). You may recall the scene where she is walking through tall grass at Trianon, in the morning *because she was wearing straw hat! But let's discuss the garment. If you could get your hands on a similar jacket would you wear it? I am certain I would, it would be so easy to fashion it into a modern styled jacket!
The crowd that now gathered outside the burning building cheered as the families emerged unharmed. But it was clear the fire that had spread to the cupola and clock tower would be more difficult to tame.
Bramley & Stanningley
My analysts have recently completed a research report called Single Best Leveraged Play for the Gold Bull Market. We have hundreds of hours invested in researching, compiling and writing this report. My company plans to sell this report for $95. You can get it for free.
We left in relief, and after yet another shake up drove straight home. What a day full of joy, sadness, excitement,fear and pretty much every emotion you can think of.
Tuesday, 10 April: Dave Foxon (43), manager of the Umbhaba Lodge near Hazyview, was shot dead in front of his pregnant wife and two children.
1.)Cardmadfairy's :
Dr. Paul was recently quoted as saying:
I thought I was ready for this. I had been praying for a very long time that God take her home....away from the misery she was suffering. But I was not. The last few days have been very teary ones. I've driven in my car screaming at the the top of my lungs, demanding that Mom tell me that she is okay. Pleading to my dad and brother, Dan, that they let me know that she arrived safely, and is with them. So far.....only a deafening silence from the heavens. But I will be patient and wait.
Papers are Echo Park and Bo Bunny. Stickers Echo Park; Punches EK Success; Dies: Nestabilities; spray: Studio Calico; letters: American Crafts: Pearls: Mei crafts
of pictures. Their honeymoon started in
While they were ordering.
And your daddy don't rock and roll
During 2004, the Chairman requested me to have a private meeting with the founder of the Party offering him the position of life-long president. He refused it.
Favorite Scripture story- Noah's Ark
Not to worry, No need to fear, right here,
A current thread on a scrapping board I read wants to know why so many local scrapbooking stores are closing. The posts before mine named all the usual suspects, mostly the Internet. So, I wrote this:
This whole concept would have helped me with a shit ton of things that I was going through at that time.
1 privacy
6.off with your head
Methi leaves-1cup,minced or chopped finely
529- Marc was able to come home safe after a long drive in the snow
Well, I woke up almost two hours later.
Yes, we were "coloring outside of the lines," our "tweaking" extended to other rooms on the first floor and involved moving lots of furniture, re-hanging pictures, moving lamps and accessories and the like. Why not? We had a blast and were able to accomplish an amazing amount in a few hours, I can't wait to share the "before & after" photos.
Put the meat on the cheesed rolls and add caramelized onions and pepper. Enjoy!
Check cotton fabric. This fabric length is long enough for Cecile to complete either of the above sewing patterns, if she chooses to. It is also light-weight enough for her to wear during La Reunion's tropical Summer, which being in the Southern Hemisphere, she is experiencing now. I had this fabric sitting in my stash for at least six months gathering. We just don't get enough of a sustained summer for me get much use from a garment made from this lovely light-weight fabric. If I still lived in Barcelona, then it would be a different matter... I can't wait to see what she makes!
But the fight between DAP and SUPP is not going to be about age, experience or credentials. These are key criteria in ordinary times but these are extraordinary times in Sarawak.
Do you have any idea how many Christmas songs Bing recorded? It was so many that this is a 4 CD set! I researched and think I found every one of them. We ALL know and love Bing's great crooning voice. How much better could Christmas music be than when he is singing it?! This set is unique with so many tracks that are difficult to find or totally not available elsewhere.
After that I changed gears a little, partially because the beer I wanted wasn't pouring properly, and ordered an Ithaca Caskazilla, a red ale.
Whatever. I'm sick of that bullshit. I caved in and signed up for a dating website. It was a bit bizarre having to write a profile for myself, and in French, no less.
Savannah s BFF is improving. She still be attempting bottle feds soon so please continue to pray for her. Baby N goes back for another eye exam in two weeks so pray for him to graduate as well.
cling loosely to curves,
But it is a mistake to confuse what goes into a database with what comes out of it. Routinely, those who create databases enter fragments of information that do not have autonomous value in a piecemeal manner while users take out something else, coherent chunks, often tailor-made according to what variables they have entered.
More later,
Maybe cyclothymia is the reason I am a chronic bitch.
defence budget in 2012.
This photo was taken last Christmas at my parents home in Brisbane. The kids woke and all piled into bed with us for a cuddle before sneaking a peak at all the offerings under the tree! I love this photo, only I wish I didn't have to get out of bed to take it! Maybe this year, I'll think to use the self-timer.... :)
What type of pet is right for your family?
* Envelopes must be sealed until opened by a store employee. Open envelopes will not be honored.
Like many others regular cigar smokers, I love my Partagas. Generally full bodied, they consistently offer best value in my view vs. other more well-known brand (like Cohiba, but also Trinidad). However, the E2 is a bit different. It is certainly not as strong, which means that it is easier to enjoy also after a not too heavy meal... It is a very creamy and peppery smoke, getting stronger of course as you get closer to the top; I have no doubt that it will benefit from a bit more aging but in my view it is a great smoke already.
We have a lot going on this start of the week, so we might as well go on.
Sentiment is from penny black and stamped with memento bahama blue.
Tells you you have the power to please,
Rewrites and Revisions: How much did you have to do throughout the writing of DAWN OF THE DEMONTIDE?
Dear February,
1/4 cup tomato paste
please do not copy, print, or publish without my written consent.
Anthony Joseph Coladonato, 47, New York, N.Y.
But no, it wasn't to be that simple. Today, a new letter from the debt collector arrived, addressed to Mr. CJ, and using intimidating language in a slightly different combination of sentences, insisting that the $155 had to be paid.
And the ratings are falling for these entertainment shows.
1. San Diego Chargers
Sing It Loud Tour Dates:
Beautiful; it shows the majesty of procreation and the beauty of chastity and continence.
(don't ask, because I will not tell you what I said)
Sub rolls
Our first taste: A chocolate chip meringue as perfect as I have ever tasted. Crisp on the outside. Light and airy, but a touch of chewiness inside. And delicious chocolate chunks throughout.
does a disservice to both.
"Oh, did you want sewer?"
Now I was in the front seat of the ambulance. Evan was beside me. The paramedics would not let us in the back with Sawyer. We were both in the front seat. The ambulance driver told us only one could sit up front. The other would have to drive separately. Evan promised he would be right behind us. We left Uncle W., the night nurse and the police in the house with our twins who miraculously were still asleep. We drove away.
Moving in marches upon the heavenly plain,
After a bit, though, we were in the suburban, and on our way to the church. A tad late. And once we pulled up and unloaded the vehicle, I realized that I'd forgotten to pick up Kari's kid, Leo!!! Oh crap!!! I texted her to let her know. I'M SO SORRY!!!
And it is with this spirit that I bid each one a Happy Independence Day, and in solemn gratitude I say:
In lso museums of Sao Pablo, cultural capital of Brazil, sexisten European insospechables art collections that give of envying to muchso museums of the old continent. Also in River of Janeiro there is cultural ocaciones for not losing.
This sketch was a doozy to wrap my mind around! After batting around a few ideas, I decided to go with a masculine card and make my brother a birthday card as the fun design was a great fit.
Dear Superintendent Gent and Fellow School District Members,
The discussion is being furthered in the thread The Quiet Game, where Zenster brings up the question of which has to be defeated first, Islam or political correctness / multiculturalism / etc.?
worship. We have a program at our churches, but at any time and in any
her breast milk
"Unreliable Evidence" is coming to a radio near you next Wednesday, 30 March, from 8 to 8.45pm. The subject is "Intellectual Property". The details: "Clive Anderson and some of the country's top lawyers and judges discuss legal issues of the day. The second programme in the series looks at the law and intellectual property. Humans are an extraordinarily creative species, but can't always agree about the legal rights relating to that creativity. This programme looks at how our courts attempt to resolve disputes over trade marks, inventions, music and literature; in fact over everything from life-saving drugs to sweater designs. Do our copyright, patent and other laws create the right balance between the protection of entrepreneurship and the potential benefit to the public of less regulated distribution of our creative output?" If you think this programme is going to give you an answer, don't forget to tune in to Radio 4.
For Kushiyaki, there is Waygu beef and Chicken skewers, each available in three different styles. It might be best to order the Harami Trio and Yakitori Trio, and get the chance to taste all three of each skewer style. The Harami trio come with wasabi, garlic, and miso while the Yakitori comes with yuzu, karai honey, and teriyaki. The beef and chicken were moist and tender, and the different preps were good, especially the elephant garlic chips and the karai honey. Their Tempura dishes generally come with different sauces, such as the Calamari with Korean chili and sesame cream reduction and the Shrimp with a spicy cream sauce. I would prefer to have my Tempura without such a sauce, but these dishes were still good, and I liked the spiciness of the sauces.
Brand New Neighborhoods Open
This from his grandson this morning.
i was telling my mama that i wanted to get a good citrus juicer the other day. i have a little glass one which is great for little bits of juice here and there but i wanted to step up the OJ production around here a bit since fresh orange juice cannot be beat.
My dad turned 50 on January 30th, but we celebrated his birthday with him this past weekend when he came in town and stayed with us for the weekend. I wanted to surprise him with something really awesome for his gift since turning 50 is a pretty big deal, so we ended up getting him a Sony Tablet (he saw one at the Sony Store a few months ago and went on and on about it)! My Grandma Dottie (my dad's mom) contributed to the cost of the Tablet, which made this gift possible-- thank you, Grandma! My dad was totally shocked when he opened his gift, which made me really happy! After opening presents, we went to dinner at The Cheesecake Factory. It was SO yummy, as always!
"They never verified anything, even when I asked them to," Smith said. "I was told, 'Everyone says it's not them.'"
119
We are moving ourselves to Florida, and it is going to take a few trips back and forth. I will be away from the computer during the next few weeks, and may stay in Florida while the hubs makes a solo trip.
Here's a brief refresher on how the JAWS system works:
Forgive the body.
Crescent rolls
So what say you adoptive momma's who have been home awhile with your kiddos?? How often are you blogging? Are you telling your story anymore or am I the only one struggling to find the words and time, LOL.
One thing you can usually rely on a W hotel to get right is the drinks. 2 weeks later, Fred is still talking about how good that lunchtime Mojito was. The champagne by the glass was served at exactly the right temperature with a cute little red raspberry bobbing in the bubbles. The San Diego W has a couple of other interesting bars on site, including a unique beach bar that I will post about another day.
in reverse
13. CLARRIE GRIMMETT (AUS) Legbreak Googly (1911-41)
The tree was a tree
-is obsessed with any type of ball
Illegal Items
I have a busier week coming up next week and I can't wait to tell you all about what I did.
Has Lidz taken some kind of poll that suggests that Brooklyn Accents is a favorite? Did that come from Ratner's office? WWMS? (What would Marty Markowitz say?) This would position the team along with the few NBA franchises with less tangible nouns, like the Orlando Magic, the Miami Heat, and the Utah (formerly New Orleans) Jazz.
turns your stomach
My expensive Dutch-American lawyer says so.
She responds: Maybe. How much does it cost? Let's figure out if it's possible today.
"I'd like to be a chinese laborer," said Tom coolly.
so I guess....
10:00 - Bed time! Ready to start tomorrow!
Dickie smiled. He ran ahead and warned the other kids Chuck was on his way.
4And when they came to Jerusalem, they had a meeting with the church and the Apostles and the rulers, and they gave an account of all the things which God had done through them.
1 exclaimed
5) Princess Mathilde of Belgium, Duchess of Brabant
it's often the details that make an outfit.
And maybe her intentions were to provoke and to exploit. Intentions are important when a work of art is conceived and created, but not very important once it is released into the world, because audiences can have all sorts of ways of responding to and interpreting the work on their own. That's part of the fun of being a reader or viewer. Even if we grant the, I think, shaky premise that Hadzihalilovic intended to provoke and fetishize with this movie*, that does not lead inevitably to the movie being provocative and fetishistic, for a few different reasons: no matter how auteurist a director (or writer-director, in this case), there are still lots of other people involved in making a film; more importantly, it's difficult to translate intentions into material that then communicates those intentions to an audience without noise getting into the equation on either side of the material (otherwise, everyone who intended to make a profound and lasting work of art would be successful).
the states of utah, arizona, and i think california.
Julie went home and killed herself that night.
But this new one has just taken over as my favourite. It's from the Barnes and Noble website. I found it while looking for an image of the book's cover without that irritating 'Look inside' arrow that Amazon plasters over the top right-hand corner, making the image useless for all other purposes.
I think
6-0
Overworked And underpaid
I will still do it all
3 stripsroasted red peppers
Being mature.
1 T. lemon juice
Staying in does not prevent renegotiation of the terms of membership, so option (iii) (if acted on by the government) merely adds a requirement to enter negotiations. What it cannot do is dictate the outcome of those negotiations because, by definition, negotiations only lead to a change if all parties to the discussion agree on a specific outcome. As I understand it an outcome in favour of option (iii) would not require the government to do anything, although it would be bad politics for them not to make at least a token gesture of trying to change the terms of EU membership. And even if they were constitutionally obliged to negotiate that would not guarantee any particular result.
R4- with dk brwn, sc in each (9)
They will knock your socks off with their mad design skills, and delight you with their wonderful personalities.
Later, we returned to our hostel, changed and got ready for the night, and went out. However, our timing was poor because the previous night, the football team from Bilbao, Athletic Club of Bilbao, had won a huge match and I guess the whole city erupted into a mad party. So Friday night came around and the entire city was dead. We wandered and went into a few places, but even the most crowded place was nothing more than a hallow bar with loud music. Eventually, we retreated and just went home.
And I am still not quite finished with prizes, because as this is a special month for us, this months Top 3 challenge entrants will also receive a little prize rather like this which I have put together...........
Paula isn't that much older than me, but apparently it runs in her family. It found her mother at a young age as well. Alison told me where Paula was, and there was no question that I was going to go visit her. But truthfully, the idea of seeing her without her really being there scared me.
Some of you are probably thinking "Set aside 5 percent of my paycheck? I can't do that!" But every dollar you earn goes somewhere, right? And you have to eat! So let's go back to one of the points above: Organizations and governments that are bankrupt can't take care of you. They can't take care of you because they're broke!
Free- Woman
Even if the funding project is incomplete. We'll still go on. We've already recorded many instruments and can complete it till September. But in tumblbug.com if the target isn't met within the specified time all funds EW refund to the people. Though we should open another page for Album selling, like bandcamp.com
Knowing many people have to take a packed lunch when they travel to their nearest IKEA (ie. it's a looong way) I can hardly complain about the 40 minute drive though it would be nice to have an IKEA just around the corner from home (then again, no matter what, a trip to IKEA always seems to leave me with a much lighter wallet than intended so maybe it's a good thing!).
These are all books I had already read and LOVED beyond belief and even reviewed, and NOW I HAVE MY OWN COPIES!(!!!) Is it weird that I regularly open my book closet to look at the 'em, pet them, read excerpts and feel a bit happier? Probably. Buuuut there it is.
And all these months later, the one detail that's still stuck in mind? Is those perfectly plump blueberries. So much so that I think about them every time I write.
Later a much better photo was sent through taken with a bigger camera (well done Blake!!!)
style keyboard-based ballad like "Moments Of Pleasure" to a
But in feeling
And though I groan and writhe beneath my crosses,
Be devout or have a ball!
It's always mixed emotions, feelings, thoughts, and beliefs when it comes to being in her house - it's been a struggle to get back into the swing of us, since getting back late Monday night. We feel even less like ourselves as usual, but knowing it is once again temporary helps. We will be returning to Europe the first week in August (more to come soon on that).
Rows 23 to 27: Knit
Wigan from out of nowhere
I have an issue with toothpaste... I must subconciosuly have a fear of running out, because I realized I have three new tubes in my bathroom drawer and a few more stashed away under the sink. I initially hated the taste/texture of this toothpaste as it is a bit baking-soda-ish but is whitens like no tomorrow and you get used to the taste. Double plus it is super inexpensive and leaves your teeth feeling super clean.
So yes I'd say this Mother's Day is very different from the last. Tears of aching for my daughter to come home have been replaced by tears of thanksgiving.
Yes. Double rolled damage on a natural 20. A roll of one results in consulting a 1d8 subtable on my GM screen for hilarity.
A number of new cigars have finally made it to the UK. Over the last couple of weeks, the Limited Editions for 2011 have finally arrived. These include the Ramon Allones Allones Extra, the Cohiba 1966 and the Hoyo do Monterrey Short Hoyo Piramides (more to come on those cigars in forthcoming posts, for now I can say that I tasted the Ramon Allones enjoying it quite a bit...). More importantly, we finally got delivery of the new regular vitola introuced by Partagas, the E2.
This is rather how I felt when I first picked up "Not Buying It" with its splendid powder blue cover, gorgeous print scented pages and lovely intact spine.
My daughter graced me with Tea and Toast, which my little dog was very happy about.
Peacemakers: called children of God
The Studio was founded in Milwaukee in 1889 by Conrad Schmitt, the son of Bavarian immigrants. The firm remained in the Schmitt family until 1953, at which time it was purchased by long-time employee, Bernard O. Gruenke. Today, three generations of the Gruenke family are involved in the company, a reflection of the dedication and longevity which typifies the Conrad Schmitt Studios.
Schrader SM, Garry VF. Abnormal Sperm Morphology and Offspring Sex Ratio in Male Fungicide Applicators. International Workshop on Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals and Their Toxicological Evaluation. Presented in Tsukiba, Japan, Feburary 2001.
And so I shall, tomorrow. Rain or shine (and, unfortunately, it looks like rain). One of my favorite nurseries had a great sale and I bought three more willow bushes with which to buffer the onslaught of the road traffic, dust, noise, ad nauseum. I did not make this decision lightly, as it means digging a sizable hole for each bush. There is a good reason that our area is filled with gravel mines.
Here is another reason
Gradually, though, a plan developed. Led by one of the more experienced and capable platoon leaders, the plan took shape over several nights of semi-lucid discussions. Xu Guan had been fortunate enough to be sitting at the campfire of the platoon leader when he first broached the idea with some of his trusted confidants.
1. I have lived in 4 states (Montana, Kansas, Oklahoma, South Dakota)
Neither Mr. B or I have ever done this kind of work. And I confess: I can be pretty impatient and rude when I know how to do something, or know only a little bit about how to do something (but don't want anyone to know I DON'T know 'cause I don't want them to think I'm dumb - I know...something I need to work on). But what I discovered through the fence building project was that it was a lot easier to have fun and enjoy the hard work when just giving in to that ignorance, doing my best with the knowledge I have and enjoying the give and take of working together with Mr. B with shared leadership in a project.
It is dropped to rot in the greedy earth.
Okay, and now I have a short little mash-up of awesome blogs for you to check out.
Clever Way to Crawl by Persian Claws
Hope ALL your dreams come true, thanx for your visits, greatly appreciated, M, (*_*)
CALLER: I know what the NAACP --
Kevo
This recipe is incredibly easy and flexible. You can add or delete items to fit your needs. This recipe is essentially a baked vegetable sauce with wine served over pasta. The base vegetables are tomatoes and capers for a little tang. Below is the recipe I used. Make it with Moonshine alcohol is White wine.
Springtime Genny-style
If you have watched the Disney version of Alice in Wonderland (which I have many, many times) as Alice is falling objects are all around her.
3. Revive Us, Oh Lord
Please continue supporting and giving us your love.
(ME TOO!)
I have this weird tick if you will. Whenever I am mad at someone or upset or even sad I will start to smile.
So seasoned mamas, what do you like to cook for you baby?
REPORT ON THE MALT LIQUORS SOLD IN THE UNITED KINGDOM:
Already on our list:
We also have a Whiff of Joy Member Gallery at Splitcoastampers that contains all cards that are uploaded to the SCS gallery and tagged with our key words. You can upload your WoJ cards to your own personal gallery and by adding our key words, they will also be placed in our member gallery.
How about this? With Beer Deluxe looking to further establish its credentials as a premier Melbourne beer venue, punters can be assured of some very interesting food matches presented in the private and luxurious surrounds of the little known upstairs dining room.
This is my second DT card for The Crafty Pad Challenge and this week the theme is Egg-tastic, you must have eggs, chickens, ducks or anything that makes, creates or comes from an egg on your project. We are sponsored this week by:
4.) Partly due to number three and because of many more reason I do believe I am going to be moving out of my parents house this summer.
06. Heart's All Gone Interlude
Hi everyone! I am a 44 year old, stay at home Mom. I laugh when I say stay at home, because I actually am the secretary/accountant and jack of all trades for our local family based business.
I still worked but did get to come home a few hours early.
Vid A
Oaks
Hold onto me tight
Chapati, my friends.
In the meantime Mr Darling, arguably the next most important man in government to the PM, has confirmed in an interview with Sky News that two of the Prime Minister's key aides briefed long and hard against the Chancellor when he predicted, back in 2008 that Britain's economy was in for a very rough time. According to Mr Darling, "the forces of hell were unleashed." Now who could have unleashed the forces? The 'forces of hell', clearly not a very nice man. But does this constitute bullying. No it probably does not but what then followed exposes someone who is clearly hell-bent on getting his own way.
So if a player selected these three cards, and rolled OR, the statement works:
I'd rather they made fascism history for our kids instead and I am sure most parents would too if they were allowed to learn the truth about smoking and how they are being used by people who really don't care about the children
* I will post the round-up and winner/s announcement during first week of October.
Probably the first thing to do is to take time to assimilate your experience. Let it settle in of its own accord. Keep it to yourself for a while, sharing it only with your guru or other practitioners. Give space for your experience to reveal what it is. Do not try to judge it or own it immediately.
Self: What????
After making sure I was comfortable in the carriage, Father went to fetch his horse. The moment he left, Thor climbed in with me and smiled. He was not alone. To my delight, I saw that Marek wriggled in his arms. The black dog wagged his tail when he saw me and leaned forward to lick my fingers.
Lucky for me, there is still a lot of my layer cake and charm pack left so I can still have lots of fun with this fabric after I finish this next project.
So, I am now working as a medical assistant for an orthopedic surgeon in town and I LOVE MY JOB!! My doctor is amazing, young, laid back, super nice, great family man, (and most female patients tell me how cute he is too). The other people in the office have been great too! They are all so quick to help me when I have questions and they have also welcomed me into 'the family' with open arms. I get to wear scrubs and tennis shoes every day...NO MORE HIGH HEELS for work!! (um..YAY!)
On June 2, 1996 The Cape Cod Jazz Society presented a tribute to Bobby Hackett: I Remember Bobby, at Cape Cod Community College featuring an all-star sextet and an exhibit of Hackett photographs and memorabilia, including a 10 minute movie of Bobby playing in 1938, presented by Jack Bradley. The tribute to Bobby was hosted by jazz DJ Dick Golden of WQRC radio, Hyannis.
Although I don't always get this part right either, not criticizing other mothers who choose differently than I do is something I try to practice all the time. How can we quiet the harsh judgments of each other's parenting choices? We can replace them with thoughtful observations or questions that will help us grow and learn and be supportive of each other.
236.9 D
1. Total amount of music files on your computer?
4. Small navel oranges, 10 for $1 at H-E-B (through 2/8/11)
Cleo is telling me it's time to play. I guess I'll do that for a little while before showering and getting myself gathered for the rest of the day.
Banners and Flowers
'cos there's fire in my shoes
Hello folks, I am back to my cheery self again and back with you in kink land. today I am excited to announce Molly Malone now on Northern Spanking! How do they keep finding all these sexy girls (well, technically I should know this, but hey ;-)). Here is the synopsis below:
There's no end to the doodling
I don't have anything else to blog about
I messed up on my diet for the whole week pretty much. Grabbing crappy cafeteria food and junk to fill my belly up . I felt bloated and so gross the whole time. Hubby is home now and I'm get back on track with making menus and sticking with them. Look for them on Sunday again.
It's been a great time so far, and I've met so many wonderful and patriotic volunteers who have given their time and effort to this cause. We've met veterans, teachers, laborers, nurses... so many people, each of them with their own reasons for getting involved and putting their sweat behind this campaign. These people make me so proud to be an American, and so grateful for our freedom and our Constitution.
Sort & Paste - I use shape punches to cut out a variety of shapes in different colors. The kids sort and glue them onto a sorting mat. They can choose to sort by shape or color. Here is my Sorting Mat.
Slice each half into 10 pieces making sure to dip the knife into the hot water in between slicing to ensure a nice clean cut. Roll each piece of goat cheese into balls approximately 1/2-inch in diameter and put onto a cookie sheet lined with waxed paper.
Hey, eight nominated shows! Not bad. And I agree with most of the nominations for those shows. Even better. Some of the nominated shows are still running, so check them out while you still can.
The end of April brought the first BBQ of the year for us. Very exciting. Nice to have the longer days and the warmer evenings.
Do I sit in wallow in my own self pity, depressed because I gave into a moment of weakness? Or do I forget it and move on?
Yet somehow it feels like it is.
Facts I didn't know
Favorite quote:
Or when you find out that Community is finally coming back on.
Some of my favorite songs here were the Rum Tum Tugger, Memory (duh), Mr. Mistoffelees and Mungojerry and Rumpleteaser.
That will make us increasingly energy independent and lessen the strategic importance of OPEC. It is also the latest of many reasons why predictions of American decline are so overwrought.
And with that, Day 013 was finished.
Bella tells Lidia she's her best friend at least once an hour and it's music to my ears.
Excuse me now. I'm going to go find my children and force them to snuggle me.
for some reason this quote really speaks to me. i have not read this book, nor do i intend to. from amazon, i learnt that the author was an orphan and her feelings stem from the abandonment she suffered during childhood as she was shunted from orphanage to various foster parents (i think).
Change takes time. If it happens at all.
Here are the main pieces of advice Dr. Craig gives:
Men will place houses where I bend,
Other favorites in 2011- Quitting old job, baptizing Zoozoo
I woke up this morning to a grey, gloomy and rainy view out my window and decided it was an Oats day. I'm just beginning to experiment with different recipes and approaches to the best bowl of oatmeal, since for pretty much my entire life "oatmeal" meant the instant, microwavable variety that seemed to always turn to mush. Over the years I'd learned to spice up my instant oats to something a little tastier, but I'd never, until this year, experimented with stovetop, rolled oats. Here we go!
I managed to get through that just - failed most of my exams and ended up having to do retakes the following school year when also starting my A's.
After giving up the 1 unearned run in the first, Hong pitched marvelously and to the delight of the firecracker throwing fans had a 1 hitter going into the 6th inning. He was wild though and had put 2 Senators on the bases after hitting them with pitches. Now taking the mound in the 6th Hong fell victim to the Oaks lousy fielding. A cheap infield single by Cal Lahman followed by Alex Kampouris' hit put runners on first and second. Perhaps unnerved by the developments, Hong then drilled Ray French in the ribs to load the bases with no outs. Kettle Wirts hit an easy double play ball to shortstop Greg Mulleavy but he bobbled it and a run crossed the plate with only one out. Nushida's replacement, pitcher Lefty Vinci slugged a base clearing triple and Hong was taken out of the game. Hong had lasted 5 1/3 innings, gave up 4 hits, walked 4 and got charged with 2 earned runs and was tagged with the loss as the Senators went on to beat Oakland 7 to 5.
PS/IS 217 PTA
I need to have visions again. I need to see myself in my mind, doing something or being somewhere or achieving something else.
Reading with the benefit of fifty-sixty + years later, you recognise the writers whose work has endured, and the writers whose work was not as good - well, guess what? You've never heard them... or you may have but in a very slight sense (ooh, he was harsh on Stephen Spender). Makes you think about today's writers quite carefully, as well as what went into Jarrell's close reading of poetry.
There will be a focus on quality of life.
The matter wasn't exactly resolved in the meeting (not that it could be, but nonetheless), and it left me thinking about the issue as I went home to the lady, with whom I had this exchange:
His best buddies are Sam, Tennessee, and Zach.
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has been briefed by the Pakistani Military High Command that they are being overwhelmed by highly trained and extremely well armed militants in the border regions and terrorists operating across the country.
By Luke Moore
Yes, it's true. I jumped on that bandwagon. I saw. I "pinned". I made. This simple weeknight project added a little edge to the room that in just a few hours had gone from bedroom to master suite.
But, as I said, last night was different. The slide night was being presented by The Beer Ambassadors.
The first two told me that they would explain my situation to the next "customer service" representative that I would speak to. I'm not sure what information was passed on, but each new person answered the phone completely oblivious to who I was, or what I wanted.
this could be a disaster with a unexpected Supreme finatic kitted up head to toe in his Budweiser vest, shirt and sun hate
SOFA Chicago
In other news: the second day in my Norwegian class went a lot better than yesterday. We flew through the book and my pronounciation was a lot better than yesterday. Two more days of intensive Norwegian lessons and I should be able to buy an apple!
I confess there were a lot of little liars in my neighborhood growing up.
So there you go... just when I thought I was loosing track of time and wasting it... there is an explanation! I'm glad I tracked it down.
Her body was firm but yielding; her breasts needed no artificial support. They were taut against my chest.
Dawn breaks and slowly I awaken
I used gray primer as it was all that I had on hand. I have to say that love the way this gray primer looks on the chandelier. I mean I love it so much that I am wondering what other room in my house could I use a chandelier and make gray work....maybe my bedroom??
Verbeek C. Moederschapsbescherming: Een case studie. Problemen van Arbeidsgeneeskunde 1995; 132-152.
Brodie sneezed, and wiped his nose on his arm. As he looked up, he thought he saw movement in the door monitor. He glanced at Mary; her back was to him as she ran cold water in the sink to wash the coon. He hurried silently back to the door and taped the arrow key on the console to turn the camera back to the forest area he thought he saw movement.
Heat oil in a large nonstick frying pan over medium heat. Add ground cumin and chili powder, stir for a minute until fragrant and sizzling. Add a can of black beans with their liquid and 1/2 cup of water. Stir and mash the beans often, until the beans thicken and crust begins to form on the side and bottom of the pan, about 10 to 15 minutes. As crust forms, scrape the crust and fold it back into the beans. Add water if beans become too dry. Taste and adjust seasoning as needed. Avoid adding salt if you can or salt with caution as most canned beans contain enough salt. Remove from heat.
If I owned a company and you worked for me, and you did something bad to an innocent third party, I'd have to take some responsibility whether I knew about it or not.
How did it all play out? Let's see....
and I am super glad to have the cheeky bugger back!
Last year I heard from folks from Alaska to Australia who participated and reported their kids had had fun.
Despite the fact that Korea is 1/3 the size of Oman, the population in Korea is almost 49 million compared to 3 million in Oman! Where the median age in Korea is 39.8 years, the median age in Oman is 22.4 years. Where Muscat, the capital of Oman, has a population of 634,000, the population in Seoul, the capital of South Korea, is nearly 10 million.
No new prescriptions. Not only that, they wanted to tell me how impressed they were with me. They don't get patients in here like me often, they said, and they thought it was very important to make sure I knew just how unique it really was. They didn't have to do that, because we all knew it. All you had to do is look around the unit. During our discussions, an extremely obese man in the room next door was arguing with a nurse about why he could not have hot dogs for lunch.
Actually, with outlining, I think more usually is better, because it means more detail, and thus less time spent worrying about plot developments when you're trying to write rounded characters. But there's more to it than that.
it
Apparently the last two weeks at MDO Ryann hasn't napped. Instead she has sang for nearly the entire 90+ minutes the kiddos are in their cribs. The teachers say it is cute, but I find it hard to believe my kid singing for over an hour while you're trying to get 9 other children to sleep is cute. I worked in childcare. That totally wouldn't fly in my room. It was a gorgeous afternoon, but Ryann pleaded with me when we got home to please please please get out the ball pit. So I did. Later she made a disaster with all her toys. Typical. Also typical is being crazy in the bath.
since I stopped doing my program. I have learned how to do things more SIMPLY.
The best part of getting back to eating real food is rediscovering all of the flavors and tastes I love. It's also exciting to find new and creative ways to enjoy these foods.
And as for more sad stories, Gone Away by Safetysuit, The Burn by Framing Hanley, and The Balcony Scene by Pierce The Veil. Racquel once (yesterday) told me that all songs can make stories, and they practically are stories themselves. I've listened to Gone Away so many times, in a way, it already has it's own story, it just needs to be written. Times like these, I wish I could be bothered to write...
Then they were about to stone Paul when Lysius rescued him and brought him into the barracks. Then Paul was going to be scourged until he appealed unto Caesar. This the second time the apostle did this for we read of similar circumstances in Acts 16:37.
5. I'm left handed and so is my husband!
Being the know-it-all that I am, I have an uncontrollable urge to grab the guy by the lapels and holler, "Schmuck, you want to make money? Play songs, not scales."
(Whimsie Doodles ~ Bubble Leah)
From one of the long sides, start slowly rolling the dough across. Be careful to make sure the filling stays evenly distributed. Roll all the way across until you have a long, thin loaf.
I am straying away from all the home and design talk and asking my readers to help me...
Pink Fairies: Between The Lines
would you have a clue to what life is about, or would life be merely a thought that is conjured by the idle mind.??
I felt terrible for not paying more attention. I also felt terrible because he knows our new routine and his new nook so well, that he was being careful not to push against my belly. In minding my space, he lost track of his balance.
I wanted to ask mom what did it mean to be Korean. For example, did they also pickle six large stone jars of cabbages with oceans of garlic, ginger and spicy pepper flakes? Did they eat nothing else with their rice all winter unless their relatives from the north brought fluffy white potatoes that melted in your mouth?
For my second challenge today I joined in with.......my favorite One Layer Wednesday -- mini masterpiece. One of my favorite "sponging" stampers, Heather Telford, has joined up with the OLW Team (yep - they have a team now!) and is hostessing this week. Seriously, if you want to see some incredible cards, I highly recommend perusing Heather's blog. Heaven, absolute heaven!
Rise of the Planet of the Apes
"What happened?"
-pencil
For now take another look at central Texas radar site when it goes into flash mode, note the changes in operation mode in scale at the bottom and the call signs for program design.
-Deficiency of vitamin K may cause hemorrhages.
Let me tell you something. When I first started my company in 2007, I was told by my 'mentor' that I was not ready, too young, not experienced... basically I was told that it wasn't a good idea. I remember that was tough to hear, but the truth is, we all have those moments in our life that we one day look back at. They make us stronger and actually push us to build mountains to climb. My advice to anyone thinking of taking a leap of faith (whether business related or personal), block out the noise and build a sea of mountains. Nothing of worth is easy to attain, so roll up your sleeves and just go for it.
ACTION NOW!
7. The owner of the yellow house smokes Dunhill
An official announcement is expected early next week.
I do not want to go forth into battle unprepared.
So this is me dusting myself off the non-reading ground, and maybe sending books overseas again! Visit Bookmooch to know how much fun it is.
chides farewell to us with a luminous laugh.
But The Star can reveal that even though the initial investigating officer, Warrant Officer J Letsoalo, had sourced the footage from the SABC, he did not present it to the prosecutor as part of the evidence.
I don't know if this is relevant, but it is worth considering. A display ban has been in operation here in Norway for about two years now. This has had no significant effect on tobacco sales at all. Perhaps in the light of this experience and similar experiences in some Canadian provinces the tobacco companies, having lost no money to display bans feel that challenging them is a waste of money. It's all about the money on both sides of the tobacco divide. In reply I agreed with sillyusername that money was, and always has been, a tour De force in shaping the denormalisation of smokers, both for the recipients adversely affected by such bans and the businesses that have to employ them on pain of financial suicide or even jail time for daring to fight for their businesses or principles and the bodies that call for such draconian measures. They were in the minority as the majority of landlords and pubcos rolled over and said "kill me quickly." To my mind both the anti smoking fake charities, as they are fondly called by us smokers, and the tobacco companies are two sides of the same coin, as long as the money keeps rolling in they shortsightedly cannot see that one side is sliding a noose over the others neck.
When did regular old rain become SEVERE WEATHER?
Driving out of the parking garage at my workplace this morning I happened to spy the nifty little warning light on my dashboard telling me that one of my brand new tires was suffering from low air pressure. Since my parking spot in the huge impersonal edifice dedicated to efficiently storing as many cars as possible is on a slight incline, I did not readily notice any sort of tilt in my car as I approached it minutes earlier. I would have liked to have pulled into another empty spot so I could have checked to see which tire was in trouble and just how low it had become but at that moment I was being swarmed by the nearly insane day shift personnel trying their best to all get parked at the same time. On a side note was is even more disturbing is the footrace that takes place after the oncoming shift gets out of their cars.
PS This is a general observation, and I am happy to report that there are some artists and organizations that are working hard, being creative, and seeing some fantastic results!
The smell of Christmas is making mince pies and the smell of a hot oven. Also those oranges decorated with cloves and ribbons and spice ropes that Mam used to make with dried orange, cinnamon sticks and spices.
martial dirge,
Most of that $85 was spent on groceries.
Then I spotted the seven Harry Potter books on my top shelf, sitting there all innocently, and I'm sorry, but who doesn't want to go to Hogwarts? Especially now that it's all safe and whatnot. Quidditch matches and spells gone awry and fun classes like transfiguration and charms. Delicious magical candy. Quirky teachers. Hagrid's various magical/semi-dangerous pets. Everything about Hogwarts--and all other wizard-related places--is awesome. It is magical and fun and the first time I read HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE, I developed this little corner of my heart where I could pretend it totally does exist.
I know I might have some setbacks in the future and I know I have to be careful. Like right now...the smell of food, ANY FOOD, makes me drool...but I can't eat it. I know I'll go through my own 'honeymoon' phase, I just have to make sure that I go to my classes with the psychologist and to the support group and talk online to people going through the same thing. I have to do this! It's vital to my life now! My biggest fear these last few years is that I would have a stroke or drop from a heart attack. I don't want to do that to my husband if I can help it. I love him too much! I have to start loving myself now.
And he asked, "What happened?"
A month ago, we sent out five queries. And this is what we got so far.
Their eyes will shine instead.
I tested out the motion a little and gave myself the green light. Row. And row hard. I felt like a junkie getting a fix of cocaine. Suddenly I had a better understanding of Charlie Sheen.
Welcome to My Crafty Picks. This is a weekly post where I showcase other pieces of art made using Stampin' Up! product that have inspired me in one way or another. These inspirations are created by other talented artists so please visit their site for all the details and let them know that I sent you!!
What Patrice did on a personal level he did in comedy. His honesty disarmed the audience.
-I like the 1980's.
The Church building is where Christians assemble to receive in depth knowledge from chosen minister/teachers of the Lord. Take your time to choose what church you should attend, for there are many false prophets out there. However, do not let them stop you from gathering. God has a special plan for them. They must answer to God for such behavior. We are not the judge.
Next up Man Ure!
Again, I do appreciate a well-argued case that this is not what is likely to happen. But unless we see a multi-year recovery economy in which the nagging debt and default issues are entirely removed, economic nationalism will return with a vengeance.
Then DC happened. And I remembered.
There have been police calls, hospitalizations, meetings with doctors and principals and counselors and teachers. Ambulance rides and emergency rooms and therapy and pharmaceuticals. Behavior modification techniques, bribery, tearing down and then building back up. More tears shed than can possibly be counted. I've said things to him that haunt me to this day, things said in the white hot heat of a moment, things that can never be unsaid no matter how hard I try.
It's not the usual things. We don't all work at the same company or in the same profession. We don't all come from the same ethnic, socio-political, religious, or any other sort of background. We're not all the same age, and our kids aren't all the same age. We didn't go to school together, or pledge (or refuse to pledge) the same sororities and fraternities.
with the fulfillment of the promise.
It's been a long, long time since I've seen a Killdeer. Gulls, yes. Brown pelicans, yes. And more grackles than I care to count.
In a nutshell, this adorable, smart, inventive, sweet 9-year old made himself a cardboard arcade in his dad's auto parts shop in East Los Angeles/Boyle Heights. Filmmaker Nirvan Mullick happened by, was his first customer and decided to make a film...and set up a flashmob of Angelenos to play at his arcade. Watch this film to see how it all turned out!
I really wanted to use buttons on this but Peter really felt they wasn't working (don't know why I'm still listening to what HE thinks LOL!). So I went with Ethan's opinion - he liked the flowers!!!
(5) To promote and support suchother charitable purposes or institutions as the Trustee may from time to time think fit.
For all the time it takes to make a decision and move beyond the third round of second-guessing, relevant factual data plays a far less significant role than might be expected.
At no point is any dissenting voice allowed to be heard. The tobacco industry is forbidden from lobbying the government and smokers themselves are never considered to be 'stakeholders'. From top to bottom, the decision-making process is controlled by a small elite of unaccountable, unelected anti-smoking prohibitionists living off the taxpayers' dime.
Glade Save $1/1 automatic spray refill (5/5)
I've been completely ashamed and I haven't even checked my email in the past 5 months. Yikes!
-i love playing dirty santa.
And, I'll take my husbands and mine to the nearest Goodwill.
By the way, the place I'm training at, Vertical Aviation in Lebanon, OH, uses Enstrom F28's for training. The big difference between Enstroms and the more common Robinsons or Hughes 300's is no governor. You see, Robinsons and Hughes both have engine governors that keep the engine rpm's in the green for any given collective setting. Not the Enstroms. You change collective, you adjust throttle, and vice verse. You move the pedals, you adjust the throttle, you move the collective and vice verse. You move the cyclic... well, you get the idea. So, I actually set out and made learning helicopters harder than I could have.
And finally, Chef Stefano prepared a milk risotto with cherry parfait. For Hubby and I, the milk risotto was very similar to the British version of rice pudding that we love so this was a huge hit with us. Amongst all the recipes shared, I think this is one that many of you will be able to recreate at home, hence I will share the recipe in another post. The only thing you may not be able to do is make your cherry parfait in a Pacojet (well, unless you have one of this cool expensive machines already!). Pacojet is a cool machine which can make ice-cream and many other things in seconds! But you can always cheat and use vanilla ice cream out of a tub as it will do the trick.
One broader use of patents observed particularly in chemical (apart from drugs) and other discrete product industries is their combination to build patent fences around some patented core invention. A second common use of patents which also goes beyond the licensing or commercialization is patenting to become or remain a major competitor (i.e., "player") in an industry, often via the amassing of large portfolios:
Hope you like this one and until next time
-When you tell him you're pregnant he asks if it is his or not.
Their separation from politics should be emphasised, not blurred.
Leaning back, I found how enjoyable watching him zip here and there was. Sometimes, he had a purpose. Sometimes, he was curious. But he was beautiful to me. He's not like other birds who soar or gracefully dive in the air. He always appears busy with constant energy, but he was uniquely beautiful. He didn't need to play tag in the air like a crow, swoop like a hawk, or flutter like a finch. He was exactly the way he was made.
doll with sad eyes, very quietly. I quickly reached for my wallet and said to the boy. 'Suppose we
The short story is like this. A Riot employee raged at a guy in game, and then banned the guy he raged at when it is very obvious that this Riot employee is the one who deserves to be banned.
Best part about this particular side: "Produced by Jack Daniels." You think? Coincidence? We may never know. Either way it's a righteous jam.
Emily's relationships with her children, Ken and Margaret, have long been frought with anxiety. Unmet expectations are a normal part of the parent/child bond. What parent doesn't want more for their kids than they had themselves? What child doesn't sometimes feel that they've let their parents down? Underachieved? How many times do we bite our tongues to keep the peace at family gatherings?
3. Remove everything from the space and sort them into groups of like things AND have a rubbish bag and recycling box handy so you can toss things out or collect them together to be reused elsewhere
PUTAR: Mr Rudd says he is going for the games because Australians love sport and he is Australian.
He was not alone in his concerns regarding the press. A 1985 Pew Research study found just over half of Americans thought the press of the day got its facts straight, and only a third felt journalists dealt fairly with all sides.
there staring at me. A nostalgic smile was on her lips. 'It was I who used
WOMAN: And will that be on your card?
Red kidney beans are indeed a very healthy and nutritious food one can consume and in India they come at a reasonable price atleast when being compared to other legumes. They are a very good source of cholesterol-lowering fiber, as are most other beans. In addition to lowering cholesterol, kidney beans' high fiber content prevents blood sugar levels from rising too rapidly after a meal, making these beans an especially good choice for individuals with diabetes, insulin resistance or hypoglycemia. When combined with whole grains such as rice, kidney beans provide virtually fat-free high quality protein. So, If you're wondering how to replace red meat in your menus, become a fan of kidney beans. And unlike meat, beans are naturally low in fat and cholesterol-free and are also a good source of iron.
sitting on your tree swing in the back yard, ice cream
Pushkar Temple-
He looks down at my notebook over his cigarette to make sure I jot this down correctly.
Oh dear me. She started wailing, screaming, and then crying. I lay beside her as she kicked about. Then I hugged her. She protested and pushed away. I persisted. Hugging firmly but letting her go if she wanted. Then when I knew holding her up would not quieten her as it normally does, I picked her up and sat back against a couple of pillows. She sat on my lap sideways. And she cried.
Eric Roberts would start showing up looking for parts for his sister, Julia. Apparantly, Joe Elliott had met Eric at a party and told him about me.
Ted looks hurt, "No every employee must complete this form and you are still my employee for another ten working days."
I use quite a bit of frosting in many of my recipes as well as my tutorials, so I thought it appropriate to include a quick recipe for those of you that wish to make your own.
14 Panic In Detroit
No wonder I didn't have any time to write or, um, sleep.
We were once accused of being demanding about help, and we don't want to get into that. We really needed it then, and we really need it now, but mama won't ask, this time. She felt like she was slammed in the face last time, and doesn't want that to happen again. And doesn't want to bother anyone with more sad tales. And doesn't want anyone to feel obligated to help us when there are others who need help, too.
...is a continual work in progress.
Addressing this last point first, many believe that a craft beer cannot be adequately judged short of a full serving, or without an adequate volume to consume. Some beers change their nature through the course of a full glass, and some mature for both good and ill as they warm. An otherwise tasty sip may turn cloying with a full serving, or an off-putting sourness may turn pleasant after just a few ounces. Many flavor elements may not be immediately apparent or detectable with only a brief sample.
Decisions. Should I move to San Jose? Should I commute from SF? How do I commute if I don't have a car? Do I buy a car? The season (weeks of work) didn't seem long enough to merit moving to San Jose, and more importantly I didn't want to give up the gifts San Francisco has to offer. San Francisco was worth the commute and still is.
Hope you enjoy !
Lately I've been seeing this bumper sticker all over town. It's for a place that opened just over two years ago and only has three locations. I've not seen or heard a commercial for 4 Rivers Smokehouse, no banner ads, no print media or outdoor boards. I just keep seeing these bumper stickers. I don't follow them on Twitter nor they me. I'm not a fan of theirs on Facebook. (1,042 followers and 8,642 fans. Impressive numbers, really.) Apparently they've been reviewed positively plenty of times.
I have more shots of hummingbirds to share with you.
It was a tense week at The Papercraft Sessions. One of my ladies was just 2 days away from her due date and we were all a little worried that she might give birth at any minute! Fortunately, she didn't, but I'm thrilled to say that she had a lovely little baby girl last night and both Mum and baby are doing well.
and created a beautiful light, transending through a minute of silence
Still, the rule about writing drivel for magazines is that the drivel must be written in a timely, monthly fashion. Oh, we may not have a really good idea for a funny tale this month, but the magazine is coming out, the advertisers are paying and geez, gotta write something. So it is with a blog, too ... except that its a little harder, because the drivel doesn't earn 55 cents a word. But then, it's easier too, since no one ever needs to be impressed. It's a blog. No one ever expects to be impressed.
Other than being a mom myself, she has been and continues to be the one that has most shaped me, It is Mom who has, in countless ways, even to this day, helped to determine who I am...my character, my abilities, my longings and how I love. Her influence is expansive, right down to the very details of my thoughts and my life....whether she knows it or not! My mom has loved much, has sacrificed more, and always shown us the value of hard work and determination.
Then drowns in the heat of ones depths...
Before marking any candidates box in the polling booth, please consider the facts that should first be discovered and seek clarity of proof from any various candidates making such comment. Get the proof that any candidate is working for you and get the FACTS. At the moment the BHAFC plans have not changed on the public planning portal. The road IS still coming through Mash Barn Lane to serve the academy and the mystery proposed development to the north. There ARE contractors in the lane and they ARE talking about just taking any persons land in or adjacent the lane.
Deiner Liebe Leschek
Being a mother can be all-consuming. It can be difficult. It can be wonderful. And these women are showing us all the different facets on a daily basis. We've had a military wife, an adoptive mom, a mother of an autistic son, and so many more.
The Verdict: Yeah, I normally go for the doom the more nuanced/experimental/"artsy" varieties of metal. But occasionally, I need to scar my eardrums with batshit-crazy bludgeoning. This scratched that itch nicely. I give it 4 out of 5 stars.
698. Dinner @ Kraftwork (Philadelphia, PA) 7:23p.m.
I would also like to add:
So, the other day I waited in my car for the manager of a gym to show up. I read a few blogs, even if I couldn't comment. It was still nice catching up. Anyway, the manager walked inside and as I hurried to the front door--which had a mirror on it--the door opened and full-on hit me!
Since I started blogging I have been addicted and have 'met' a lot of wonderful people.
The Sense of an Ending is a wisp of a book, it can barely be called a novel, but it is incredibly masterful. Barnes captures a moment, a feeling, a desire, in a way that is both poetic and engaging. As a reader, I floated through its pages. I was captivated, and entranced. There is something slightly mystical about the writing, surreal and yet genuine in its emotion.
Anything you want you can make it yours (You can make it yours by worshiping Satan)
Okay, I got it that there was no anesthetic he could use that would exit solely via the liver. Then he mentioned one that only 2% of exits via the kidneys. I am stage three. I was willing to chance that one.
Even though these last weeks traveling have been long their have been many highlights. The best one for me is that, through Face Book, I have gotten back in contact with my childhood best friend. You could not ask for two people are that are more different, then or now. Even back then our parents really could not understand what it was in the other that we each liked so much. But our friendship was very close for close to a decade.
Doritos. Any flavor.
Happy shopping!
By Bonnie Harris
Basically all you need to do is click on the thumbnail of one of my paintings (they have 10 up there more but we have many more designs in the works coming soon). Even though they only show the Square crop at first, be assured that the full versions of the artwork are on the products! From there you can select the type of device, and then the make & model of the device from the dropdown selection. Voila!
rambling summer days
you want flowers, gifts, pedicures, manicures, candy and dates, but those things are
Tim Wise,
I love you, Aimee
Srinagar has the privilege of having a multifaceted and unique cultural blend, making it different from the rest of the country, not only from the cultural front, but in point of geography, demography, ethics and social entities. as well. With its beautiful picturesque Himalayan backdrop, the crowning glory of hill stations Srinagar is enticed by the colourful houseboats , shikaras and the grandeur of Mughal sense of style.
The victory is won
FINAL RATING: 4/10
You should always have a positive attitude that you can reduce your weight. This will encourage you to control your diet and find ways to solve this problem. Wash your home on week offs; this will help to burn out extra calories without wasting even a single minute of your valuable time. You should cut down your daily hours you spend on watching TV. Try and indulge yourself in fat burning aerobic exercises. The other activities that can prove helpful to you are swimming and cycling. Thus by doing productive activities you can reduce a great amount of weight without wasting your time in gyms.
In the picture the bottles start at 750ml descending to 660ml, 500ml, 375ml, 355ml to finally 330ml, the beers were a varying array of style & abv's.
The podiatrist told us two things.
Cooking and photographing the food can be a challenge sometimes because aspects of the process does not work out - such as . . .
This and about twelve other bottle/vase forms were fired with dry ash sifted over them, (I coated the kiln shelves with a deep coat of batt-wash, to absorb and reduce the damage from any runs, and I fired each pot on top of a plain bisqued clay tile). The ash on some ran excessively, sticking them to the tile, others coped better, this being my favourite.
But there was no way out. I had to write the paper.
It's Day Two of the Bloomsday Festival and we managed to sneak in a quick lunch time lecture on sex and music in James Joyce's Ulysses. The event entitled 'shall i wear a red yes' was taking place next door at the Dublin Writer's Museum.
Last weekend Avery and I did get to go see Alice in Wonderland and it was fantastic. The 3-D made it so much fun. It was whimsical and oh so cute! I would enjoy seeing it again. Sunday night we went to another Christian concert, as Mark had won tickets. We saw Toby Mac and Brandon Heath. It was a great concert and I drove back to Atlanta Monday morning. All I feel like doing is sleeping for a while. I know that sounds so non-productive, but I am being very honest with you folks. I'm tired and I'm of the school that says, "Sleep is good for you" I have had friends and relatives that think it's horrible to nap and that you should jump up early in the morning even if there's nothing pressing. I function better with sleep.
The saying goes the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, it's the same for me, except you need to reach my stomach via a different route.
back then...
The N&O reports on differences in public reaction between rape charges stemming from the lacrosse party and those from the more recent alleged attack at an off-campus party:
So, firstly, the bleak bit:
many that follow are also affected
# : 32 Suzi - your colouring of the image and the sparkle were beautiful!
then i got to thinking how i loved the white blazer with black pants so i came up with this transition of your basic black & white from business casual to not-so-business glam. this look can also be done at so many price points, always a plus!
I don't plan on getting the second volume or any subsequent ones that will undoubtedly be published in the future, but I did splurge on some old BLONDIE paperbacks that seemed to have just what I was looking for as far as giving me an idea of what the thing was like throughout the rest of the thirties. And at least the first two of these reads have a special meaning for me...y'see back when I was eight
I'm so happy hubs has the weekend off
I have stopped smiling at them and nodding and keeping to myself. I have started firing back. "NO you know what I really need? To make my own decisions. To decide what's best for me. And I really don't like doing what you're suggesting. So I'm not doing it that way thank you very much."
So learn a music like what i have blogged about! Its fun and chances are you get to know yourself better! Ukelele is not easy but the tune never fail to touch my heart. I am not good at singing i am not good at the playing either but nevertheless i hope this song will give you the motivation that it did for me, that you are capable to do anything when you put your heart in it! A more confident person definitely!
Keep in mind, you can't believe everything Urban Dictionary says, especially when it comes to my name, but this all sounds about right.
Ok, so it's official. I need to make one of these skirts pronto. I just love them. I've seen a few tutorials around. They're probably all pinned to my Women's Sewing Projects board. I love the purple in Lindsay's. So cute and flattering!
This has been a great week for me, I think I have completely jumped over EVERY comfort zone I have, well I have one major one left...that story soon. First, I wore a floral dress I would have NEVER dreamed up before (below), I dropped my major retainer client because even though it paid the bills, I wasn't growing and it was time to move forward and challenge myself, AND I made a committment to myself and my family to get FIT! Bit the bullet and joined the gym (for the 4th time in 6 years - LOL - Hey, I never stop trying!).
This next house, also in the Fabulous Forties, is a story of two buildings that joined together to become one.......a small home was joined to an adjacent building which was previously was a metal foundry dating back to 1915. The marriage has made for a home that is now over 3000 square feet and full of character. The current owners are avid Francophiles and music lovers, and the Holiday decor by Beyond the Garden Gate reflects those passions.......
But in case you are still searching for the perfect sweet potato casserole recipe, I've got one for you. If you're looking for a healthy version, you can skip this post and head over to Cassie's blog where she has a tasty, good-for-you sweet potato recipe. I got this recipe from my grandma, who cooks the absolute best southern food ever (I'm talking gumbo, chicken and dumplings, and banana pudding), so her sweet potato casserole isn't light on the butter (or sugar).
Starting with Windows Server 2008 and Windows Vista with Service Pack 1 (SP1), Windows Error Reporting (WER) can be configured so that full user-mode dumps are collected and stored locally after a user-mode application crashes. Applications that do their own custom crash reporting, including .NET applications, are not supported by this feature.
I hate to disappoint people. It's a fundamental piece of who I am. I would rather "go without" or compromise my own preferences than to put someone else out. That may the core reason why I rarely entertain. Really, only those in my closest circle visit me where I live. People for whom I am certain I can provide and relaxing and enjoyable visit. People that are comfortable enough to walk over to my refrigerator for something to drink and not be offended if I don't catch their empty glass in time to do it myself. People who will take me seriously when I say "the snacks are here and here and here so please rifle through any time you're feeling munchy," because I mean it. I am a grazer and there is nothing worse than being a little hungry when you're in someone else's home and not being able to grab a snack when you need one.
I realize I should have just baked them a second batch of cookies, but I didn't have enough butter or chocolate chips. I usually have more than enough stuff to bake several types/batches of cookies, but the weather has not been baking weather so I allowed my stores to diminish.
I printed the body of the book on a Gestetner machine and had the cover (of my own design) printed by a Brandon company. I think the textured orange card was free and they just charged me for the printing. I sold a few, very few and the rest moldered away in our various garages over the decades until one fateful garbage day number 4 when Prism Prisons achieved its ultimate purpose, its destiny - landfill!
This led me to look for a radio station which focused on comedy 24/7. The research wasn't very successful. A lot of stations I found were based in America and because of my location in the UK, I was unable to tune in to most of them. I then started to look at podcasts. It seemed that the American's offered numerous podcasts to download, but those I managed to get hold of weren't that funny! Maybe its a difference in sense of humour, which I don't believe as I find Scrubs and Two and a Half Men funny, but nothing was grabbing my attention - not even Nobody Likes Onions, what is meant to be one of the funniest podcasts available.
To me, everything was great as far as my athletic life was concerned until Dad filmed me running during one of my games. I remember watching the video on my couch at home that following evening and being mortified after watching myself. I looked awkward and goofy. It was a humbling experience watching myself pretend to be athletic.
Every once in a while in blogging you get an extra pleasant surprise.
watching her grasp the concept of giving back, of paying it forward.
The bottom photo features some yarn I bought during Yarn Quest with the intent of knitting myself a long overdue Aran Scarf plus any sort of accessories I could eek out of the remaining yarn. Turquoise is one of my favorite colors and I just love Cascade 220. I've made an Aran Scarf before for a scarf exchange in which I did not receive a thank you for my efforts. I've been slightly bitter about it ever since. Now I can rectify the situation. Kind of. :)
In the meantime, while I am recovering, I would like to direct your attention to a tumblr Lisa got me addicted to. It's called Hey Girl! and it combines the best teachery jargon with amazing man candy! Any teacher should make this a daily read and laugh! I promise, you won't regret it.
05. Beggarman
We'll try to be back next week. I'm sure we'll be eating unicorns and shitting rainbows... or however that saying goes.
I am to say the least, like everyone else, extremely disappointed by the results in Barking and Dagenham. But I hope that this will afford the Party the chance to turn a corner, because there are some things which need to be said, and unless these matters are sorted out now, once and for all, I do not see that the Party is going to progress; indeed its implosion is inevitable.
As Matt is a high school teacher, he sometimes knows about things going on that the rest of us don't!
The Italian sonnet is, like the English, 14 lines in number. However, it is structured slightly differently. Instead of three quatrains followed by a rhyming couplet, it consists of an octave, which describes a problem, and a sestet, which resolves it.
Let me first just say that these pictures are a big deal! We have been trying since September to get decent photos of the triplets and each time, something has gone wrong. Orginally, I had set up with another mother of multiples and photographer who had offered to take photographs of the kids for an outdoor shoot, but each time would be cancelled due to bad weather. By November, we were ready to try again and the kids were all sick as dogs so no such luck then either. In December, we thought we'd take them to a studio place just to get some shots for the holidays but then we had a blizzard on the day I scheduled to go and never made it back because of all the hectic holiday stuff going on.
5) Why does an uber-rich box company owner drive around in a 1980's Volvo? Also . . . an uber-rich box company owner?
finish out his term (Washington Post, 9/4/09). Given that the
Home schooling a nearly high school is easier, yet tougher than the elementary student. He can do his own thing, but I do miss the crayons and clay days! Love the one on one time we get to spend together.
would be huge hit and clearly, much of it was picked over, but I made the best
Seeing as I am not a first time vegetable grower, I can take huge quantities of optimism from freshly dug soil and the increasing daylight hours we are getting at the moment. But if you are a first time vegetable grower it can be difficult to generate such high hopes so early on. I think this is why a lot of people who take on allotments don't last even the first year. The first few months are a lot of hard work, the hardest work you will ever have to do on your plot and there is almost zero reward apart from dull, brown, soil. If it's going to be this hard, then why bother, especially when it comes to April and all it seems to do is rain, rain and well.. rain!
PO Box 185
but we got to talking
Will your child fall flat if you *do*? It's possible. You can do damage with pushing and expectations.
How did I get this way, you ask? Blame my mother. When I came home from school I had a cup of tea. It was the answer to all woes and the source of all comfort. When she had to go to decaf in later life it was a painful thing. If you don't know already, decaf tea is sad. It lakes any semblance of tea flavor and can often be like dishwater. Not doable by any stretch.
2 Tablespoons sour cream
And cooler... ah....
Layman P'ang
The plain cream tag was sprayed with glimmer mist in red and turquoise before adding the paper pieced sun and cloud and the little envelope was created using an old wooden template from a craft show I got about 15 years ago! Inside the little envelope is hand written tag with a personal message on for me.
Illinois acts to help job hunters maintain privacy on Facebook
they shall speak with new tongues;
This was a fun, easy ride that was completely in the dark. While you make your way to the actual transport, everything is glow-in-the-dark and neon! I had worn the perfect shirt that day for it! You could see my neon orange tank top a mile away. Not to mention our eerily glowing eyes and teeth. CREEPY!
All these years till now.
JUST TODAY (Reuters)
Control joints are provided for expected cracking due to factors such as settlement, drying shrinkage or separation in building materials after construction. Internal control joints are typically nonmoving while in the exterior they also accommodate movement. External Control joints require more design work.
Using your cotton ball again, chalk the white background of the card in a circular motion to make the look of clouds or sky.
Pointless really, there was no way only six of them were going to get the whale woman back onto her feet. I reckoned their best option was to roll her out of the way and wait for a crane.
- Peter Gabriel: chant
Now I have two weddings to go to sooner than later. I'm curious to find out who will be next...My cousin got engaged a few weeks ago and now my best friend. Maybe I'll catch the bouquet in one of the weddings ;). hehe.
The Mountain Goats--Home Again Garden Grove
Facebook: California Miss Amazing Pageant
(after the kids are down for the night... we'll see how long this lasts),
PxC bids all over Spain
There are few indications of movement on the issue, however. Greece is in the midst of a financial crisis, hoping to avoid becoming the first member nation of the European economic zone to default.
This poster I got from the Echo Park Time Travel Mart. I have a few prints of Amy Martin's stuff and I really like her work--the colors in this print also match the color scheme of our living room. Also, it's about fire, which is HILARIOUS to me because we're hanging it over our fireplace. (I'm easily amused.) The frame I got from Target, I "matted" it myself by just buying a piece of white posterboard and taping the poster on there before cramming it into the frame. Whatever, it looks fine. TAKE THAT, PROFESSIONAL FRAMERS.
Would you like to cook once a week too? I now offer a subscription for only $1.25 a week!
I decided which of the jobs I wanted---it was with a nation wide airline and could hold my interest for a while.
Yours stand out so grand.
People are often unreasonable, irrational, and self-centered. Forgive them anyway.
The Deuce did not give a shit. There was no breathing. Really, Deuce? Totally uncooperative? OMG do you not know how to BREATHE?
The Flowers and the lace are from WOC (of course!!). I don't know what it is, but I really love this card!! So, what do you think of it, would love to hear!
skirt - milled lavender, shabby shitters
This is exactly what Idema had done to Viktoria Running Wolf and Tom Bumback in a previous scam.
having money and as what you want comes to you, this will help with
For my card today I used the Simply Charmed cricut cartridge for both my beach ball and the shovel and pail. I used my Gypsy to hide the faces so that I could use the Wide Eyed Kids Face Assortment from Peachy Keen Stamps. The sentiment is from Scrappy Moms Stamps. The papers are from Stampin' Up!, Papertrey Ink, and my scraps. Thanks for looking.
William intervened. "We're as happy here as we'd be anywhere else. Happier than if I were in Stateville."
A nice little housewife
The Red Carpet ritual for The Brits had one of the most unappealing backdrops imaginable: the urban wasteland of part of Earl's Court.
SO, the fall birthdays continue! I shared George's card with you last time, and today I want to show you Jan's and Sue's cards. (This is your SECOND SPOILER ALERT, Sue and Jan!! Go watch some puppy videos or something!)
Dr. Hilde L. Mosse was one of the founder's (with Wertham) of the LaFargue Clinic in Harlem. Her background is a perfect explanation for her views on children and violence. From a rich and prominent German Jewish family, her exposure to the horrors of the Nazi's rise to power, causing her family's flight from Germany, is a fascinating story that can be read here:
6. Star Spangled Banner / closing remarks
Zaina is a twelve-year-old werewolf isolated on an island and only knows about werewolves. During this novel, she discovers other lifeforms exist, like carnivorous butterflies and witches. She suspects that humans may still exist as well. She meets a host of new friends who help her on the path of for filling the prophecy predicting she will save the world.
I also managed another three sets of 2 pull ups. Sucks balls, yo. But, it sucks SLIGHTLY less each time, which is a good sign.
Leslie, please tell us about these dragons!
Despite utterly paradoxical geometry, the whole structure resonated with stillness, Realmspace held steady under strain by the physical framework. Even where seeing into darkness rendered everything down to a grainy, dancing grey of faint particulate motion, there was stability. Rel handed one of the torches to Rissad and walked a little deeper into the room, ignoring the other man's uneasy question. It was no surprise when his skin came alive with the gossamer-soft tickle of the Sherim enveloping him.
One, Duke and I came to an agreement concerning who got to pick the direction we travel (hint: not him). And two, I actually got to head out on a trail ride. Woot!
3 drops vanilla extract
Rebel troops. Several of the Rebel troops break and run in a
Someone should have said something to the younger man who was so impatient. He should have understood why the elderly woman was clinging on to the conversation with the young teller. It was probably more than a reminder of her children. More likely, it was a reminder that she had not seen them or talked to them in quite some time.
8oz pkg neufchatel or cream cheese, (not the whipped kind)
Start your kids young and make it fun!
* To dive inside the Brazilian music. The guitar and the percussion are present and played everywhere in all the beaches and squares of the country.
We make a big deal about pregnancy and birth, but not nearly so much about gestation. The Maya tzolkin calendar is 260 days long, and approximates the length of human gestation, the time we are in the watery darkness of the womb, becoming. The moment of birth is the moment of emergence into the world, when we take our first breath.
make a way out for me 'When you finish college, Son,'
with pure white stars
This has been the hot question lately, everyone asking "do you know what you are having, yet?" When I tell them no not yet, I then get asked "What do you think it is?"
Here's a little list of "pauses" --
07 - Bishop Danced
Fiery Furnaces - Blueberry Boat - 2004
Some were left unwashed or in soiled clothes, while others were forgotten after being sent home or given the wrong medication.
7) assemble the trellis together by nailing through the back
Apparently, Abrams studied many a Spielberg movie as he put paper to pen and concocted a story about kids with family problems coping with even-bigger problems that seem to involve the military and cold-eyed martinets who want to get to the bottom of things. Oh yeah, we have one of these in Super 8 too, in the form of Nelec (Noah Emmerich), who may not be telling anybody - including the viewer - everything he knows.
Through the 1970s, and especially after mid-1975, the party was also shaken by factional struggles. There were even armed attempts to topple Pol Pot. The resultant purges reached a crest in 1977 and 1978 when thousands, including some important KCP leaders, were executed.
The Senate measure also creates a task force to study all tuition waivers at state universities. It still has to be approved by the full Senate and agreed to by the House.
If the term marriage is to be ready physically and spiritually, which also must be considered and included in the list are pre-marriage establishment couples health. Not only physically fit but also to be considered wholesome according to the broad definition. Based on the definition of condition according to World condition club (Who) is a victorious state of physical, mental and social as a whole and not merely freedom from disease or disability. So pre-marital partner condition is important to retain the achievement of a persisting marriage till old age. Marriage can co-exist and adapt, can overcome his problems with the wise and mature.
The music continued. As she began to dance with the stranger, every pause and every impulse was as if they embodied the music. The left-right pulse of his tango walk seemed to pull her into a world in which she could see her life going before her.
I had posted a card on Saturday that I made for the Our Creative Corner Challenge and I had a friend from high school send me a message asking if i'd be interested in making his mom a card for Mother's Day! Sure, I said! How could I say no!!??
We have two amazing sponsors this week
I literally just started working on it tonight, but here is what I have in store:
I seriously cannot believe that Thanksgiving is just a few days away! I don't know where the time has gone!
Doch nun zu unserem Gewinn von Challenge #44......................
I removed a shrub using nothing but a pair of old kitchen scissors and my bare hands.
Isaiah prophesied of this in 6:9,10 from which Christ quoted in Matthew 13:14,15.
Ever since the spinal tap and chemo on last Thursday Josh has been very sick with a horrible spinal headache. He has been in bed laying flat all day everyday since Thursday. Sunday morning we went to the hospital and he had what's called a blood patch. They took blood from Josh's arm and put it up in his spine, hoping to create a blood clot where the hole in the spinal fluid sac is to help stop spinal fluid leakage. He had this done twice. His back was and is very sore from all the poking it has had done to it.
drinking hot chocolate, decorating the christmas tree,
I just could not imagine myself anywhere else but Flushing.
Baking- I love to bake and am recently coming into my own with what I make and getting it out there. At one point (before Max was born), I was actually working for a restaurant supplying all of their desserts. That was a great experience. Now, I am concentrating on smaller things like cookies, cake-pops, cakes and cupcakes. I do have a regular rice pudding guy who orders it every holiday though!! Selling my stuff is not as regular as I hope it will be one day. And, I would like to really get my kitchen certified and a business license so that I can see at local Farmers' Markets and/or street fairs. Time is definitely not on my side for this. You see, I lack it!! But, the goal is to get this going and perhaps make this more of a full-time gig:)
That goal proved to be the game winner. Brandon Dubinsky added an empty net goal to seal the game at
Movies.
Southern Living's cover this month inspired me to work on a planter for our front porch. Now, you know mine isn't the wow factor of Southern Living, but I am thrilled to have some color on our porch! Here is what mine looks like!
Loving hands, from things
After my last post, I took a little time for reflection. It seems necessary in this life to step back and gain some perspective, and some of us need to do this more often than others.
Remarkable photography has been produced by amateurs, enthusiasts and professionals. Labels don't mean anything.
Rel took a deep breath and took a step towards the Gateway. Normally, stepping through was like stepping through a doorway, but his hair stood on end just being close to it. He closed his eyes and walked through, trying to fight down a shudder.
We were humbled by the actions of these young soldiers, both male and female. The compound was dry and dusty, as were the well-used looking tanks upon which equally dusty soldiers were relaxing before setting off again into the war zone just half a kilometer away.
I won't belabor this point. It's something you must consider for yourself and examine within your own internal framework. With that said, let me return to the concern that a child can't know what they don't know. There's a conundrum. How do we expose our children to the universe of knowledge without teaching them important things in a set order? Well, now you understand intuitively the roots of how curriculum design comes about. Somebody sits down and makes subjective decisions about things and prescribes it for us to consume as CURRICULUM. That makes it easy for those who are insecure in their own ability to decide for themselves what's worth knowing and what can happily be left on the shelf. The experts have handed down the stone tablets and all's right with the world.
We have been listening to Bible stories in the car. (The cd linked is awesome, by the way.) Abigail particularly likes to listen to her namesake's story.
something
Total = $16.49
Slim, ultra-light design upto 13 hours Taltime
The first victims were either black or Muslim, so the killer must be a white man. The latest victims were Jewish, so it stood to reason, they insisted, that the killer was a Nazi.
What a mistake that was.
Today the kids got round to making up some of the craft kits we've bought them, and as usually we ran into trouble quite early on.
Do I regret it? Oh yeah!
2 cups shredded cooked chicken breast (about 2 pcs)*
She has a beautiful new little creation!!!
by Richard McGuire, 2002
Takeaways:
I've been meaning to post about this for a couple weeks...am I the last one to notice how great Rag&Bone is?! I know I tried on a pair of their jeans at a boutique a couple years ago, but it's not a designer I consistently expect great things from or keep an eye on. Or at least it wasn't until recently!
The Legendary Pink Dots have dwelt in self-imposed exile in Holland for the past six years. In Europe, they're a cult, able to make a living through frequent touring
Andy said, "I want to fucking sell this piece of shit fucking car!" and that's all it took for me to SKKKRRRTTTTT into a parking space at the Dodge dealership within minutes. Done, son.
Holy War
I was almost a full season behind last year and still made something of it!
Another consideration is when do we introduce children to keyboarding. Experts recommend teaching keyboarding in third grade. First graders aren't really designed for accurate keyboarding skills. Their hands are too small for the land of QWERTY. It's actually not until middle school until children have the pinky reach needed.
Oblivion
My first job was one of many, and has helped me gain the experience I need to relate to my fellow humans.
bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow ....
But I never stopped thinking about Robert Smalls or the project and decided that someday I wanted to write his story as a novel. Early in 2010, I started renewing my research, and Tracy and I even took a quick trip to Charleston and Beaufort, South Carolina, where most of the novel takes place.
We go to Falmouth's premiere Europhobe bargain department store (no European commissioners are hanging in effigy near the entrance this time, which is nice) and Patroclus buys some curtains. And linings. We have a curtain pole from the last time it all went wrong. I don't know what happened to the curtains.
5. How do you promote your designs?
FG=1.014@66F
Nothing is as
He then shook my hand.
It was clear even to a civilian like me we were all in deep trouble, SWAT team survivors desperately crawled to new positions and returned fire but the aliens began to move away from their ship and eliminate them when their location became known. They moved on their three legs with a curiously smooth motion making it clear that like humans they were apex predators of the highest order. My first thoughts about dying began to appear in my head figuring the aliens would eventually concentrate their fire on what small amount of weak protection we had left.
American Idol Season 9 Winner Lee DeWyze, Inspirational Songs:
There is no excitement in the relationship anymore, no flame, no spark.
The next morning I got to show Leena Violet dog pen, the garden and such. Pretty much first thing in the morning Leena asks for some kind of fruit, it is so cute. She had a peach this morning. This was on our way out to the post office.
that you surgically grafted under my skin,
Tracey Emin and Damian Hirst have declared works to be art because they say so. They were promoted and financed by Saatchi who first declared their works art but he is not an artist. It is critics and elite art buyers who decide what is art and usually because of its commercial value but that is external to the work, not intrinsic. They are right about the commercial value of objects but not about its classification as art because designating something as art because it has commercial value is to apply external or non intrinsic criteria as the standard of judgement. Some people are supposed to think they are Napoleon or royalty but does that make them so?
This a journal of my cycle rides (as if you couldn't guess!!) . I have had many grand plans about cycling instead of using the car but really I cycle for fun. Today's little route is a mix of towns, canals and country, and beaches! Yes we have it all.
A basket full of our favorite children's books and a few throw pillows tossed on the floor make a comfy little spot to get cozy with a story. Andy and Ava Carmel love to snuggle up here and look at books.
I'm the type of reader who delights in the comfort of repetition (just look at my fairy tale obsession for proof of that--how many times can I possibly read a 12 Dancing Princesses retelling? Endlessly), so I don't mind this checklist of the familiar approach. I even think it's fun spotting all of the requisite features.
School will be back in session before you know it. Whether your readers have a preschooler, a college student, a homeschooler, or anything in between, back to school gear will probably be needed. Let's help them out by bringing them a great Back To School Blast!
2007: School goes into lock down, FBI called, Jack hauled off to jail and never sees his truck or gun again. Counselors called in for traumatized students and teachers.
My Aunt J had adopted Maggie when she was a baby. My Aunt J. was one of the women in my life that made "adoption" a normal, beautiful, awesome thing. It is was most definitely a contributing factor to my life and my decision to not only be an adoptive Mom, but an adoptive Mom to children who have special needs. I think about my Aunt J. and how she really has had a rough life. So many difficult things as a mother that she has dealt with. It seems tragically unfair. Yet at the same time I know that God has long worked to prepare her heart for the rough road ahead for her beautiful Maggie. She has learned how to embrace challenges, how to appreciate small victories and how to keep hope alive in desperate circumstances. Could you please pray for her? My Mommy heart aches for my Aunt.
"I dropped my toothpaste," Tom said crestfallen.
they will look
As if you need another horror story from yours truly, but here it goes. One of my million trips to the dump truck (haha! punny), a few of my 'buddies' thought they'd be real funny and try to scare the poo out of me.
I have chalk on my clothes...Sam and Sage, she was finished with being photographed for the day.
POST-GRADUATE COURSES
Lucy, auricular, locked-up, it's bad luck
My dear friend Ellen in Ca. makes the best, chewiest chocolate chip cookies! She'd bring them over and they would never last very long in our house. She showed me how to make them, but I never could make them like she did. Her trick was to use cold butter, which is opposite of what most recipes tell you to do.
Repeat the steps above, substituting Charles Shaw Cabernet, Shiraz, or Chardonnay for the swill beer. You may become hung over.
Have you ever heard the name of something and just wanted to try it so much but never seem to be able to find a shop selling it? That was me with Key Lime Pie. I had no idea if I would like it, I just wanted to try it.
2. A company is a community, not a machine.
Hello all!!
I'm continuing Anna's Cool Finds with its emphasis on describing the experience of dining at local restaurants in snapshot fashion. One of the things that excites me about "Bread and butter" is that I will have a great excuse to answer those questions that I have had in my mind as I have meandered through various local restaurants. I'll be finding out about the chefs making the food, and the people making the restaurants happen. And I will have my ear to the ground for events and other interesting food news in Marin. So the experience will broaden and deepen my relationship with all things food in Marin. I hope you will enjoy both of these expressions of my love of the food, land and people of Marin. And if you have any Marin food news tips, please let me know at AnnaHaight@gmail.com.
On Thursday, Sept. 29, police arrested Mr. Ferguson, an arrest they said came from a continuing investigation into recent burglaries in Wall. He was taken into custody following a motor vehicle stop in Jackson Township by Wall Detectives and Jackson Police.
She was beautiful. She was stunning, long legged with glossy hair to die for. Her ears perked perfectly! Even when she parked her arse on the damp grass above the sea wall to take a pee, Moon couldn't take his eyes off her!
"I really liked how it had you choose how to survive. And my favorite part was the part about the bees. There were some really great drawings. I could really relate with the characters.
Everything's pretty simplistic but my friend was really pleased.
With ideas, it's all about what you do with them. Don't sit on them. Don't hoard them. Do something with them. Get them written and get them out there. And if you find another writer has had a similar idea to you, don't get angry about it. Get over it. Be pleased with yourself, because you're clearly thinking along the right lines!
"Really?" the doctor said.
My first experience of The Darkside was watching the Brit Awards in either 90 or 91. It was the one where Jonathan King proclaimed his fondness of Carter USM. The Darkside appeared in a Live Music Weekend type event. It was a 10 second clip of them and I was blown away. While the other shoegazers were gangling away The Darkside were going for the audio jugular.
Christopher laughed.
Have all the ingredients at room temperature.
1 c confectioners sugar
Happy Saturday, welcome to a new challenge with Speedy Fox and Friends. This week we are challenging you to make a card using shades of blue. With so many different shades of blue out there your possibilities are endless.
There is nothing I can write, nothing I can say that could properly encompass this man's illustrious career....he was and is simply a legend.
However, this is only because of your pure intention, to help others.
L2 Cache (per Core): 256 KB
She brings to me such miracles,
Artisans want to be where the action is; they seek out adventure and show a constant hunger for pleasure and stimulation. They believe that variety is the spice of life, and that doing things that aren't fun or exciting is a waste of time. Artisans are impulsive, adaptable, competitive, and believe the next throw of the dice will be the lucky one. They can also be generous to a fault, always ready to share with their friends from the bounty of life. Above all, Artisans need to be free to do what they wish, when they wish. They resist being tied or bound or confined or obligated; they would rather not wait, or save, or store, or live for tomorrow. In the Artisan view, today must be enjoyed, for tomorrow may never come.
We parked in shady forested corners, on tops of moors, beside streams and down little lanes. We sat in the evenings in candle and firelight with the dinner cooking and pigeons cooing overhead.
I was really taken back by her comments because yes, a lot of people have been doubting and questioning how long UCONN can keep it up (I mean honestly, I was hoping Standford would upset them). But, when you really think about it, isn't is so much easier to lose at things than it is to keep winning? If you apply this to the Christian life, it's so much easier to just give up or sleep in and not spend good time with God than it is to consistently get up and engage. It's a choice to not fear and to trust and have confidence God and where he has you. It's a hard choice to not be afraid or to not complain about life and to instead love what you're doing and to play your heart out... allowing the holy spirit to work through you (even when you are tired).
The giveaway will be hosted by The HOME She Made blog page.
Laura Archera Huxley
Congratulations to......
Cut cheesecake lengthwise into 4 strips, then crosswise into 6 strips, forming 24 bars. Sprinkle bars with fleur de sel.
Western readers should remember that Chinese herbal medicine is based upon individual prescriptions developed for each patient and his or her unique symptoms. Chinese herbs should not be taken, either individually or in formulas, unless a practitioner of Chinese herbal medicine is first consulted.
Okay, so I know I haven't gotten too personal here...I guess it's my way of staying semi private but I want to be real with you all! I want you to know my secrets, my struggles, my strengths, everythinggg!
these fish frys have rotted my brain maybe
Starting Weight: 304.6
Pentacles/Coins: career, educational endeavors and finances.
I have been painting, although sporadically over this nasty winter. Painting sun-drenched beach scenes refresh the soul in February.
The little boys continued to play on the race track, and I designed for a while. Tom read his book for a while, and Eme.... well, I'm not sure what she was doing.
1. Someone's drinking is causing problems at home and a husband/wife/mom/dad doesn't want to put up with them anymore, so they drop them off, stick around for an hour or so, and then head home, saying they won't take them back tonight. Disposition: Detox.
these are my choices and I know you can see why - there is subtle beauty - charming creativity, details abound and everlasting cuteness! Thanks ladies so much for your efforts - you all did so great and it was so difficult to pick just a few! Rock on Crafters!!
I can hardly wait until I roll that first loop and coax a brookie to take.
You don't let 'em spoil your fun
He said it's about governance.
1. Who is your "what-if" person?
-Pour a good amount of red wine vinegar over the hot farro, probably 2 tsp-1 TB worth. Add 1 large green onion, minced and toss to coat everything in the vinegar.
6. Angelica
My push to get some persuasive writing completed, even if I was ever so supportive, knowing it is not our favourite thing to work on, resulted in tears (first Video Boy, then Wombat Girl because I was helping him too much), anxiety, stress, flinging oneself onto the reading couch in despair, and me running to the loo to have a quiet cry in despair. Maybe the constant rain around here hasn't helped. But I lost it this week. Lost my temper and my mojo.
I started my weekly afternoons with Jake yesterday. On Mondays after school I'm picking him up and taking him to grab an ice cream or something. In order to earn his treat, he only has to ask me two questions.
Now, by my sceptre and my soul to boot,
Well, I've been trying to get my home back in order and thought I would show you my mantel.
So, if you are interested to see, the Sentosa Flowers 2011 will be on display till this Sunday, 13 February 2011. More information can be found at the website.
Author or not-yet, you should start building a newsletter list now if you plan on being published any time in the next year. Certainly don't abuse it. And you don't even have to send out a newsletter regularly unless you have something important to say.
Sebastian: Just to be real? I've always said I was real but for a while, I forgot that. Or ignored it, or whatever. Being real will get you farther than games will. (wow, someone should quote me, lol)
Denim blouse:: Thrifted
And when you don't.
I think my unobtrusive entry made my mother immediately fond of me.
At 5pm Eastern on Election Day 2004, sportscaster Jim Lampley says Vegas sportsbooks were giving Kerry two-to-one odds of winning the election. He says there's no way they could've been that far off if all of the votes had been counted. He also asserts that exit polls varied by beyond-error margins in 10 states, something that hasn't happened since 1948 when modern exit polling began.
It was beautiful. Sweet and made Me feel dizzy, but happy, like I could do anything. I knew the flavour on the meat now. It was wine.
People are as readable as books. Those you like the look and feel of, are the ones you can think about approaching later.
Massive earthquake,
Dunedin always has something to do with learning, leaving and the test of arriving with little known, until you get past the glint in its eye.
Love the people I love even more this year. Never let a day go by without telling them what they mean to me.
I knew clearly that to be the best father I can be for my daughter, I must honor my true self. I may always be a square peg, but that peg is a worthy soul that is deserving of respect...especially from myself. I meditated on that as we returned to the car, watching my daughter and stitching my mind back together.
Research participants who reported more active affiliations with organizations, such as churches, sports teams, musical groups and environmental clubs, had stronger brain activity in the same brain regions that correlated to sacred values. "Organized groups may instill values more strongly through the use of rules and social norms," Berns says.
We have uttered the specific experiencing words.
Michael Penn No myth US
And there he was, near the Eiffel Tower ticket booth nord, wearing sunglasses and a scruffy new beard. Big happy hugs all around. And then we trotted off happily to go see Paris.
We live without distraction
Men 79, women 233, children 11; total 128.
Take Notes
The Vickery seascape above is from the Tutwiler gallery, here is a link to a page on their blog showing some ofVickerys paintings. Check out their art while you are there, they are fine painters and I have known them for many years.
Many a changeful season to follow, and many a scene of life,
To add to the chaos, Wisconsin state senate democrats snuck out the back door, boarded a chartered bus and are currently holed up in a Best Western in Illinois. Seriously, I kid you not. I sure hope they aren't using their state credit cards for this little...junket. Cowards. Meanwhile, back in Madison, the grownups republicans were unable to make a quorum to vote on the budget due to a complete lack of democrats and so were forced to go home.
MARK MIRABELLO
Okay, so finally this is done!!! I was looking for a little white table and chairs for my girls and finally came across one, maybe three years ago at a garage sale for $10! I loved it. It was just what I was looking for. Although it has since been scratched up and repainted white again. This year I wanted to make it a little prettier (being in crafty mode), so I decided to paint it:
So if you are already paying for internet and don't plan on stopping but would like to watch TV shows or movies on your bigger screen, a Roku box might be a great option for your home.
And what will you do now? Will you start to 'give back', in grateful recognition of what the state did for you?
They bagels will drop to the bottom and slowly begin to rise. (When this happens, flip the bagels, either with a spatula or flattened spoon, and let them simmer for another minute.)
I am going to speak at the Optimist Club and I am quite optimistic about now.
The next book I devoured was WINTERGIRLS by Laurie Halse Anderson. I'm embarrassed to say that this is the FIRST book I've ever read by Laurie (I know! What have I been doing with my life?) but I will definitely be reading more. Wintergirls was amazing. It was chilling and disturbing and awesome. I actually got physically cold while reading the second half. I had to read it under two blankets. That's pretty powerful stuff! Wintergirls is a teen novel about an seriously anorexic eighteen year old who is haunted by the death of her best friend, who died from a similar eating disorder.
T: Texas~ when we moved to AZ from OH, one of my dear friends and I drove the cars and pets across the country. We stopped in Texas for lunch ~ there were cowboys and friendly folk all over the place.
Japanese people don't just talk about Godzilla, how their teenage kids are off saving the world, or how they should combine violating someone while greeting them. Japanese writing isn't just moon runes either, and is actually intelligible to many people. It's actually a lot easier than it seems, much like colorful haired girls to guys with equally colorful and huge hair.
Hopefully I'll be blogging a bit more between now and November. See you soon!
- Dance -
First, you have to give him the freedom to be honest with you. If you want to rebuild intimacy, he needs to be free to tell you when it's not working. Because pornography rewires the brain and tells a man that what is arousing is an image rather than a person, many men actually experience impotence without external stimulation (the images they're used to seeing). So many men, in order to have sex with their wives, start imagining and fantasizing about those images.
With an oh dear here and an oh dear there, Glory Dear starting stuffing food in me and Miss Priss that was rare. You know like crab and such. We did not like that too much. But we could not move one bit. Then the others all started to have a fit. The Blue Guy stared at Blabber and he looked like he wanted to stab her. His eyes did their slot machine thing and a phone appeared in them, causing Blabber's ears to constantly ring.
Leaner: I lost two pounds this week!!! YIPEE!!!! Two pounds this week puts me at a total of 7 pounds that I have lost so far on this journey. The fact that I know how many calories in and out that I am consuming/burning has helped tremendously. I know that if I can burn an extra 500 calories more than I consume each day for a week, then I will lose 1 pound. As long as I can keep this up I should be able to lose all of the weight that I want to.
From Qoud today we have an index.
Dress #131 from the February Burda Style is under way. I made a muslin last weekend to check the fit and it was surprisingly successful on the first try. I traced a straight size 44 and then graded down to a 42 through the shoulders. I also folded out 3/8" across the bodice above the bust and added 1 and 1/8" of length to the waist. It looked pretty good, except...
When we arrived at this up and coming newbie in the 10th, it was quickly filling up with a motley after-work crowd. Kim noted that it's a nightspot which can easily draw a varied customer base. I agree and like that aspect. But, perhaps they're drawing crowds too successfully as it took quite a bit of time to actually place a drink order while standing directly at the bar.
"Again, our goal would be to seek international permission, and we would come to the Congress and inform you, and determine how best to approach this, determine whether or not we would want to get permission from the Congress, I think those are issues we would have to discuss as we decide what to do here.
Through out all my years.
Now if only this darn snow would melt, I could get these babies into the ground!
Here are a few of the awesome peeps I met:
Now, I know what I'm supposed to sound like.
The epaulettes of Commanders to be plain.
-getting a giant ice pack taped to said arm from above and then having two immobilized arms.
I stamped the Halloween fence by Magnolia all around on the acetate. This cute little witch is also a Magnolia stamp from the new "So Spooky Collection".
Right now I feel calm and happy, my mind is at ease after seeing my little one dance on the screen. I get to see my Butterfly again next week when I go back for my genetic screening and NT scan. I feel lucky to have a doctor who listens and understands my worries and fears. I'll be monitored very closely during this pregnancy, which is giving me some reassurance, but I know it's impossible to prevent or predict everything that could go wrong.
So this is love.
Last year, I blew it off and...gasp!...sent out little bags of Fun Dip. This year, however, out of respect and out of the fundamental need in me to not.break.the.rules, (nerd alert!) I came up with this...
In honor of Blogging for LGBT Families Day, I want to thank all of you who do blog about your LGBT families and your steps towards building them. We are happier, more confident, and, dare I say, better parents because of you.
"There is always a bit of cheek in the musical's revision of its sources." p. 52
Dr. Breaker is Chair of the Department of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology at Yale University where he holds a Henry Ford II Professorship.
I can't blame B's father, anymore than I can blame Bobby Brown for Whitney Houston's drug addiction. However, B's father did exactly what I asked him not to do. He gave my son cash. That's when I began to get a very bad feeling. In two week's time, B was given $240.00 in cash. His father would say that it was for this and that. I just knew differently. I didn't see my son producing the "items" his convinced his father that he needed the money for.
To prepare myself for crafting personal essays, memoirs and other works of creative nonfiction, I have been reading and sifting through The Best American Essays of 2011 and Telling True Stories.
of miraculous intimacy
Since then, however, an appellate court has unanimously backed a lower court's finding that the ESD essentially misled the public by failing to study the community impacts of a 25-year project buildout, and has ordered the agency to conduct a Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement.
10. Feelin' Stronger Everyday 8:37
The Wise Fool: Fables from the Islamic World by Shahrukh Husain, illustrations by Micha Archer (Barefoot Books, 2011). Meet Mulla Nasruddin, a legendary character whose adventures and misadventures are enjoyed across the Islamic world (Grade 5 & under).
At the end of 1995, the original players were in their 20s, and many had not left. The standard of repertoire excluded the school-age population of young musicians, and it became clear that most of them would never reach a level on their respective instruments high enough to join the orchestra before leaving school.
The bike was on the other end waiting for the response of my injury. The bike had two small children, a man with specs and a woman that appeared to be his wife. People gathered and planned to act against the man in the bike. I convinced them that I was fine and let the man go as he is with his family. Soon the people took my bike up and made me relax and went.
So for all of you wanting to keep up with us and our journey to "our new normal" just click on the new link below:
I'll be making other traditional Bavarian dishes, like red cabbage (my husband and older brother loves this), and my son's request is homemade spaetzle. We spend our Christmas Eve, honoring the memory of our Mutti. My brother's play music, we sing Christmas Carols and we open our gifts-- in true European Christmas style. You know, I'm fine with that. Because I'm working all the way until December 23rd, and I'm thankful that I can prepare a meal that is far less work than a Prime Rib Dinner.
The Mass Effect series displays these traits right up until the very ending. Once the star child emerges into the narrative, however, all of this is completely thrown out of the window and the creators thrust us into The Epic of Gilgamesh. Moral agency, free will, and humanism are all eschewed in favor of a heavy-handed preachy and ultimately unsatisfying ending. It's similar to my complaints regarding Dan Simmons' Hyperion Cantos.
But the tradition of kissing under the mistletoe first appears in the Norse myth of Baldur the Beautiful.
Well, last week was a lot of fun and I see more beautiful faces everyday joining our fun digi challenge. I will announce the winner Wednesday for last weeks challenge to give everyone a chance to vote. Please go to last weeks challenge post and leave a comment with the number/name of your favorite entry.
Chief air marshal
Ambulatory Health Care Services
I've started journaling again, and the simple act of putting pencil to paper calms me, centers me in a way that blogging hasn't yet.(Although I'm very fond of them both) Blogging is like writing letters - you're aware that someone is going to read it, somewhere, but writing in a journal can be entirely yours.
Blog post by Ihotu Joy Amuta
L. NOGQADA
AdriN2001: I just know
We also got our new absolute favorite dessert! Papa Murphy's has a smore pizza....We call it chocolate pizza and it is so good...We are hooked lined and sinkered and the best news? A pizza is 4 dollars...I think it is a great buy...you have to try it.....yum!
All of this has left me resolved to make sure that the sixty-ninth page of the sequel is far more interesting.Learn more about the book and author at Daniel O'Malley's website and blog.
5. What is your goal for 2010?
"Yup," the Mad Hatter said. "He was crazy."
How many new managers can relate to that fear? Most, I expect.
"ashamed of my country."
+Today I volunteered for ELLE's Style 360 at Studio 37! The shows they held today were bebe, WALTER, and Clandestrine Industries by Pete Wentz. While WALTER may have been the only clothes I would have worn, the experience was great! I did the same setup and run errands work again, but I got to see the last two shows, and I even got to sit second row for WALTER, behind Kelly from NYC Prep. I also saw Kim Kardashian, Ashlee Simpson and Pete Wentz. Ashlee Simpson has the skinniest legs ever! It was a long day, but so much fun!
Ray watched him thrash and cough for a second, then looked up at Sonny.
And the lovely Mary Roach checking her notes (second from left) in the only picture I got where no one is making a weird talking face and there's not motion blur.
So what do you think? Will mom like any of these? Do you have any good ideas for Mom this year?!
117. Deep breaths that calm and relax.
The line that carries the beer from the "cellar" to the tap contains an appreciable amount of beer For 3/8in tube it's something like 30mL per metre, I think. (while we're mixing imperial and SI units, that's about 10mL each foot of 6.3mm ID line. More in the wider stuff traditionally used for cask) There's various devices along the way that also hold a bit (chillers, fob detectors, pumps, etc). Typically, this volume would be lost when line-cleaning is undertaken, i.e. as water or cleaning solutions displace it from the system.
Happy Monday!! I hope all you mom's out there had a wonderful day yesterday. Mine was very low key...a homeade breakfast, an afternoon bike ride and lots of reading and relaxing inbetween. And now...Monday again! I think Mother's Day should be a 3-day weekend.
I love her, I love her, I love her!
Each year school kids study World War II, learning important facts about the Maginot line, the occupation of Paris and the atrocities committed in hate. It's time to put away those boring text books and make the learning real. This book would be a wonderful resource for the study of World War II.
Normally, the these reproductions pieces exercises might be put into 5 levels:
Flying Fish Brewing Co
So yes. This episode is good. The characters are portrayed more realistically. The drama is more nuanced and more powerful. The decisions are complex. The development is meaningful. The writing was actually good.
This summer, I got tired of waiting on New York, and I asked my agent to reel in the submissions on LOST VEGAS as well as my novels THE BIG WINK and CALABAMA. While Kelly and I have enjoyed our foggy summer in Santa Cruz, we've also been busy publishing these books -- I did the proofing/formatting, and she did the cover art.
MOZZARELLA STICKS
*If you're meeting up with a friend, try brisk walking instead of coffee lang.
And heaven's already said that it ain't gonna take me
That is exactly what happened in South Africa. I know, because I was there and I saw it happen.
A hero against mass immigration in the early 1950s was the fifth Marquess of Salisbury, grand son of the great Conservative Prime Minister and descendent of Lord Burleigh adviser to Queen Elizabeth. He fought his battles in Cabinet. A letter preserved at the National Archive written to Viscount Swinton in 1954, shows his standpoint. Swinton like others only wanted the powers to deport criminals, sick immigrants and charges on the state but Salisbury was deeper and wiser than that and foretold:-
Fighting against myself.
The event is from 1 p.m. to 6 p.m. on Sept. 18 at the Ellicott Mills Brewing Co., 8308 Main Street in Ellicott City. More at the link.
MFBB.
Ps: the weird thing was....we had been extra careful to not get involved in accidents etc.. Job en I in Holland and the boys in the UK was a strange thing. Anyway....just a few seconds after our last turn in our village, on the way home, and me thanking God that we were still ok (and the thought that anything could still happen in that last mile (but that not being very likely)), there was a German guy, approaching us on the 'wrong' side of the road. Luckily, we were both driving slowly.....but that was scary for a second of five!
God Is the Bigger Elvis
it is always rainy when we get here
Now, dip each mint piece into the choco. I use a fork and just tap them in and out, then use a toothpick to remove the chocolate from the fork. Place chocolate on parchment to dry - about 2 hours. Remove and YUM!
By Ashish Seth
and I have shoes..
*Wait to load
It made me think a few things too. I should value what I do as a "homemaker." Motherhood does matter. Yes, I should do my best to keep my house in order and my kids happy, but I should also try to create some beauty in the world.
But I suspect that this crisis differs from that of the 30s and 70s.
Thank you for swinging by our Challenge!
A scoop of chocolate sorbet provides some relief, but it seems a little odd to have two components of a dessert presented separately.
I don't want to make sour grapes with the BBG, and they ended up hiring one of the best seasonally-oriented designers that I know; so everybody wins. But it did make me stop to think a bit about organizations, how they are run, how they are influenced by their donors, etc.
After the unwrapping (tip for guys: re-use the red ribbon on White Day!), the beer pours a deep amber with little to no head. First taste: It's sweet. Probably because I just finished a much more bitter beverage. Deeper into the tasting I started to enjoy it more, remembering what I liked last year. Sure, it's a bit sweet compared to my usual top choices, but it's a pretty decent sweet.
To sweeten the deal to entice you to comment, I am giving away a very special prize on my blog to a random comment on this post. Want to know what it is? Go and check it out! There is no limit on the number of comments you can leave, the only rule is that you have to keep the story going! Next week I will see if I can pull all the comments and compile the story including writing my own happy ending!
These kinds of movies will not be made in America, because of corporate pushback, and "cartoons are for kids!" mindset.
"Honey, pass me one of those coasters."
And you are not alone. There have been many men and women before you who have advocated for women in ministry and leadership. There are many more around you now.
- 1/2 cup unsweetened almond milk
9. She runs successful crochet classes from her home (and a shop in nearby Cambridge).
Happy Random Friday!
I like to say I do these mad things so that you don't have to, but actually it is because I have very poor impulse control.
I love this storage system that I purchased from Michaels. I have collected a few pieces throughout the years and then received some more for Christmas. They are often on sale for 40% off and you can occasionally use a 50% off coupon. I will get around to putting labels on the drawers once I have finalized where everything is going!
"Be a rainbow in someone else's cloud." Maya Angelou
Maybe it was the post-holiday thing, but I was completely unable to get in touch with anyone in their cargo area. They seemed to want to sell me passenger tickets, which I would need eventually, but not right now. After 4 or 5 tries I started to look for other shippers.
But the best thing about Megamind is his journey, from society's reject to the saviour of his tormentors. Only a true intellectual superior could devise a way to save Metro City from an evil even greater than our intrepid bad guy.
And I'm not even judging the authors who don't follow those steps... it's expensive! Hiring all those professionals and paying for an ISBN and copyright and whatnot is expensive. Add that to the fact that you're not getting an advance and there are no guaranteed royalties, and you're talking one heck of a leap of faith for those who don't have a lot of money to begin with.
*2 teaspoon lime juice (lemon works too)
Here in Cornwall it is promising to be a much brighter and drier day as the sun is already shining, unlike yesterday which was dull and damp all day. Sadly, I have to go to work today, so won't see much of the sun. I hope you have a wonderful day, wherever you are and whatever you have planned.
aching needing so much more
She wanted to write well in a particular genre, but that was not her genre, so she felt she could not write as well in that genre as she felt she could in others.
As severe a case of rhinophyma as any doctor had ever seen, it had, over the last two years, mutated to twice its original size, and was now ivied with fine blue veins, a postulated, bulbous magma of warty tissue with the texture of a cauliflower. Bizarre, revolting, upsetting to strangers, he carried it nonetheless with a kind of mad bravado. Cures were available and repeatedly offered, but he stubbornly refused to pursue them.
21 lord
Went shopping days before, got my big 20+ lbs. turkey in the fridge defrosting, special cocktail recipes found, spent days cleaning, decorating and making things beautiful for hosting my first Thanksgiving.
I AM most thankful to have my personal Psychic Advisor, Roger Pratt (www.rogerpratt.com). For more than ten years, I have learned a great deal about so many Metaphysical, Magickal and Mystical things from him.
I went to my friend's house for a wonderful catered happy hour.
My suspicion is that every time Laura Ingraham speaks in public, people have to light a match afterwards. Witness Ingraham saying on Fox,
How can you participate?
Feels so fine
Three years later, a devastated Madge escapes war-torn London with her two children for a dilapidated house in Dorset. She is crippled with grief at the news her husband has been lost over the channel, but determined to give Lily and Cyril the best Christmas ever.
You have also learned how to sit from standing/vise versa, but only still if you are holding on to something. You have let go two times, brave little girl, but unfortunately it only proved that you are not quite there yet. You fell on flat on your face :( Bless you heart. You got your lack of coordination/clumsiness honest. Sorry!
This resulted in a medium sized flood to begin with but all is well at this point.
Tote Bags
Hand back the strip of paper with the primary painted circles and secondary painted paper.
I put a call in yesterday (Friday) to the oncologist I saw back in 2010 after the biopsy results came back. I wanted to be sure that I had the right information about Phyllodes tumors and that everything that could be done had been done, so I went to see him even though the surgeon told me it wasn't necessary.
Lara Hudson again! This particular DVD is one of my top faves. I love the exercise sequences she came up with using the ball. Just make sure the ball you're using is the right size for your height! The ball I had was too small and that made it so hard to stay on the ball or do the exercises correctly, so I promptly went out and bought the right size! Here's a link to help you see which size is right for you. This DVD is challenging and fun, just like a workout should be, right? :)
November reading treated me to a lot of first timers and brought me back to a classic. Out of this month The Cloud Roads and The Night Circus are destined to be remembered years from now. Seed, The Emperor's Knife, and All Men of Genius were very strong debuts for their respective subgenres, each bringing something new to the table. But it is The Last Unicorn all of you should be reading, especially at this time of year.
Natina Kihara
I hesitate to say that this is it
Grandmother Tree Sculpture
"People need to understand that they are the product of Facebook and not the customer," says media theorist and writer Douglas Rushkoff. And the same applies for online content. If you are not paying a price for the story that you read, then you are being sold to someone else for their commercial purposes. The problem for the media is that the clicks that they monetise and that you provide are not paying them enough to support the model indefinitely. Which is why Rupert Murdoch has turned the Australian and the Herald-Sun into paid-for websites. He's moving cautiously. He has many other news websites in Australia to still get to, but they will all go paid eventually. As will Fairfax, which operates the Sydney Morning Herald and the Age of Melbourne. It has to happen.
Here's another lead. Notice that the Native American man has a little bit of facial hair. Contrary to popular belief, Native American, particularly those in the Pacific Northwest, did grow facial hair. The facial hair may help to narrow down the tribe of this individual, because it was certainly not typical of all Native Americans. I think it probably narrows it down to the Pacific Northwest Indians. This Edward Curtis photo from the Library of Congress shows a Native American (Old Bob from the Karok tribe) with similar facial hair.
If you're a company director, it's because you didn't take an active interest in the most public face of your company until it was too late.
Here is a quick tutorial of how to create this tooled leather look:
Saturday, October 30, 5pm - Midnight
to help rid the world
39But if it is of God, you will not be able to overcome them, and you are in danger of fighting against God.
Weather prediction sites appear to be in on the situation as if they receive transmissions stating what to tell their visitors. They are not always correct, in fact, most are off the mark by many hours sometimes missing events completely. This could be because rigged weather is in BETA, still developing, not refined enough yet to smack the mark on target, except for rain. Rain never misses, they may miss the hour it will start, but it always shows up somewhere on the designated day.
If the people who I don't have details for, but who made the top ten, don't get back to me by wednesday with their details, I will move down the list and offer the book to someone else. So if you didn't get in on time, don't despair yet... :)
Thanks everyone,
Sendak, my imaginary mentor, cleared the path for weird, sickly kids with overactive imaginations! Hee hee. I am very grateful that I was able to meet him and that he lived such a long and interesting life. He is immortal through his art and his stories. But he will be missed.
It was written up in the Star Tribune this week.
A big problem in martial arts is as you learn more and more complex sets of skills that build on each other, you hit a wall and try as you might you just can't learn the next set. The problem isn't that the next set of skills is any harder to learn, but any flaws in your basic skills are amplified so much that they drag you down.
Lord, You know them well
This is true if you are seeking integration of flavour and a mingling of flavour in the mouth. It is not the case if you are seeking a palate cleanser instead.
Turns out that my gut instinct served me well and I knocked up a dish that I was congratulated on from several quarters. It couldn't be much simpler to make, here's how:
How is it that major artists make a name for themselves, and then turn around and do paint by number? There is nothing original about Hirst's canvases (don't get me started on the sliced, pickled cows, for real). I believe he has an atelier of devoted, starving artists painting his polka dots for him.
i.e. rosemary, garlic, thyme, greek spices
I am a passionate scrapbooker and cardmaker who loves trying new crafty products and learning new things! I have been scrapbooking for about 10 years and have gotten into card making about a year ago. Talk about addicting!! :) I very rarely complete a project without using ribbon in the process... I was lucky enough to get to play with some 3GirlJam ribbon and I am in love!! It adds so much more texture to projects than regular ribbon!! If you follow my blog, you will definitely see more projects done with this ribbon - I'm already itching to work on my next idea!! :)
I'll be taking a couple of days out in Sydney - yay - and then I'll be back in the saddle. Come Wednesday I'm starting a new novel, which means I'll be on the 2000-word-a-day treadmill for the next three months. (Deadline: June.) I'll still be regularly at the theatre - I can't seem to stop - but I have to be realistic about what I can see and write about: a review takes a lot of hours and a lot of brainspace. This in turn means that I'll be firmly saying no to many companies which otherwise I would like to see. Be patient with me, folks, and remember that this novel malarky is how I make my living.
there's still more but I'm fed up..will share it soon promise=D... Right now I'm planning to make few deco sweets parts to add to my shop, what do you think? help me decide pleasee???hehe
Heat oil in the pan and add cumin seeds when it starts to splutter add onion spice paste and fry for 2-3 minutes until oil starts separating. To this add turmeric powder, red chili powder, coriander powder, garam masala and fry for 2 minutes. Then add cashew yogurt paste and salt and cook for another 2 minutes. To this add milk and bring it to boil. To this add fried paneer and mix everything to combine well and switch off the flame. Garnish with cilantro leaves.
Family functions were always entertaining. Particularly when I was left alone with Justin's mom. "Did you hear what she said?" "Why is she so loud?" "I can't believe how much gravy she poured over her turkey."
Khrys was still thinking about Sorlyna. As his horse sauntered on, he turned his gaze toward the river. Much of it was tranquil, hold for tiny little waves that rippled throughout in discordant patterns. As he was about to turn his head, he noticed one of the waves moved against the current. At that moment he realized that all of them did so. He shot he eyes to the other side of the bridge and saw the same little ripples moving around in the water.
Yeah - Take a look at my BEFORE photos and you'll see why I think maybe I was a little TOO into this activity. Aaaaanyyyywaaaaayyyy....
Grauzone Eisbaer D
Recently, there has been quite a lot of attention in the media and the blogosphere about the whole issue of open-access journals. The issue is this: academics in taxpayer-funded universities produce research in the form of articles that they publish in journals run by for-profit corporations. The said corporations then sell the research, which they got for free, for a princely sum. Journal subscriptions are expensive, which means that most taxpayers are unable to read the research they have paid for unless they are members of a university community. The Economist magazine, which is hardly known for its left-wing views or hostility to the profit motive, recently denounced the whole academic publishing industry, noting that profit margins in it extremely high. Of course, they are high: most of the actual work (writing articles, editing journals, doing the peer-reviewing) is done by volunteers.
2) My family's good health. Maybe not the most exciting thing for which to be thankful, but it's too often overlooked. Sam has had a little low-grade fever for the last few days. I suspect it's a tooth making it's appearance or just a little cold, but it has had him a little bit out of sorts for the last few days. When I'm frazzled because he's falling apart over the tiniest thing or refusing to eat, I'm reminded that we know nothing of a sick child. Right after Sam broke his leg, a friend's little boy was diagnosed with cancer, and Shawn and I got a big dose of reality. Yes...Sam is a kid and he will be plagued with various ailments here and there. We will have to clean up puke, wipe snotty noses and may make the occasional ER visit. But so far, our son (and his parents!) have been blessed with overall good health. We don't have chronic conditions that constantly steal our energy, we don't have to take life-sustaining medicine that makes us feel bad, and we don't have to schedule our days around lengthy treatments. So today, I am grateful that Sam has a little low-grade fever that we can manage at home with Tylenol and kisses.
Mum: Leave them love. It's all the more impressive if people see what you've got to cope with.
Today, several states legislatures are dominated by Right-Wing Republicans who have agenda which imposes limits on liberty, through legislation meant to curtail, funding, medical, social, and other codes and laws by imposing religious or moral values on individuals; case in point women and birth control.
and concrete,
Image: Alota
in a pickle. Most people have lost all of their personal
I tried to show her my goofy heart.
Anyway its gone now - my friend was delighted with it and I learned something so thats a result
Then, I called around for prices on mounting on a foam board. The best price I found was at Ben Franklin in Kaysville, UT. It was $17 each. Hobby Lobby was $26 each, and Michael's was $32 each! They didn't offer to price match after I told the the price at the other store either. Oh well. I love the dry mount, because they run it through a machine, that adheres it to the board, and also puts a protective covering over the top, so they can be touched.
Many skin diseases can hamper our work and they can also cause other various disorders associated with such disease. Not to mention, skin disorders can effect our self esteem. But thanks to Hypnotherapy, we can regain control of self-esteem and the appearance of our skin.
There is nothing like a Cooking Class to get the inspiration juices flowing! Kinda' like that afternoon shot of Espresso.....in about 5 minutes you feel ready to tackle the rest of your work day!
13. Change Your Focus feat. Moses Rockwell
Well done Margreet! Get in touch using the address in the sidebar, and we'll sort out your prize of 3 digi stamps from Crafts 4 Eternity.
Somethings come easy for people, others it's hard, but if we give up we will never hear that beautiful music we all can create. Mr. Z never gave up and look at him now. He's playing music and sharing his love for music with the kids, but he is also teaching them something much more important. Never give up your dream, no matter how far a reach it may seem. And that is a powerful message.
Here's the exterior - before the curtains were added...
2) Thomas Dolby
Other than the above book, I borrowed lots of cook book again. I realized that there are many celebrates publishing cook book lately.
no words
Rating: 4
And I just checked my email and got an apology email saying he is sorry he lost his way, that he lost the person I fell in love with, that I am worth it all. I am miserable, more miserable than I was before. I want my husband back. Will he ever be back to the person I need? This is where I am struggling right now. Is it just the wishing? I hate this. hate it hate it hate it hate it.
First off, let me say that present tense is not a reason I categorically reject a novel submission. But it often becomes a contributing reason, because successful present tense novel writing is much, much more difficult to execute than past tense novel writing. Most writers, no matter how good they are, are not quite up to the task.
My mediafire account is suspended. Of course nothing can be done now to restore the damage done, but I was expecting if someone wanted one of my uploads to be removed, to request-demand it through an email or a comment (needless to say that all such demands up to now were satisfied without any objection), and not to suspend my whole account. To be honest though, when I started this blog I had in my mind that something like that would happen.
1/2 basket of blackberries
Merry Christmas and congrats!
It is a love-hate relationship. I feel more and more discouraged at the beginning. But the feeling of enlightenment upon finding the solution is priceless. This feeling has not changed since grade 10. It is a great reminder of why I chose to go into CS.
Before I get on to the challenge this week Abi and I would like to thank everybody for taking part in our challenges each week and also to all our fabulous sponsors who have been amazing, it just wouldn't be the same without any of you. Of course a massive thanks to our fabby Design Team too, who are all amazing with the work they produce each week and the time they give up to comment on each of the entries, we really appreciate it so THANK YOU ALL!!
Dearest Leta,
Or some poo. We have lots of poo. Now.
Tempting.
4) I'm not anxious for spring one bit. Spring means clean up. And since it's so hot I started nearly a month before last year, and finished on 3/10. The pressure of spring is pissing me off. Get off my back, spring. I'm warning you. Step off, punk.
August 22 - Nick Ashford, pop/R&B songwriter ("Ain't No Mountain High Enough"), 69
All-in-all, it may have cost more than I would normally want to splurge on a meal ($110 each person plus $30 wine pairings). But a steal for the caliber of chefs and dishes that was part of the experience - I would never have any glimmer of hope of tasting the genius of a Urasawa creation otherwise! Definitely one of the best meals I've had in LA - and to make it even better, it's all for a good cause!
Have a great weekend, everyone. Chat again soon.
+ What are your future aspirations for Art, Object Gallery?
8X10 prints are $40 and 11X14 prints are $80. Contact Foster if you're interested. Also, be sure to check out his other website, Foster & Edge.
But fatigue took over
HENRY JAGLOM: MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS (1942). I love F FOR FAKE (1972) as well. Orson always said that F for Fake was his greatest film. And of course, he couldn't get it released. It never got seen, it never got reviewed here in the USA. It was a sad experience for him. But F FOR FAKE is a masterpiece.
Given the crisis in affordable housing, and the number of families in need, Chiodo said James hoped that the affordable units at 80 DeKalb be skewed toward larger apartments. "Ideally I would like to see a mix of 15% studios, 30% 1 bedroom, 50% 2-bedrooms, and 5% 3 bedrooms," James said in a letter submitted to HFA.
Getting to know all about you.
10 heard
Here's the first draft for The Terrible Fate of Humpty Dumpty. What do you think? Can you read the egg splash writing ok?
You stopped by the right place on the HOP.
For those that are twilight.
Agua De Beber 02:31
Backpack: Fjallraven (ModCloth)
a ring of fire
he Robotics Team continued practicing for upcoming competitions that day but older son could not help due to him being at the other Robotics Team community service project.
- Noise Annoys
Location: House in Batangas, cemented area near the mango trees and the duyan (hammock)
What I'm saying is that Lucasfilm probably wouldn't just set up a studio in a regular glass-and-concrete two-story office building. No, the company would probably want to build a structure that is singular in design, so get ready Design Review Commission. Maybe for something out of the ordinary but also potentially beautiful. The company's Skywalker Ranch features buildings in a variety of styles: Victorian (above), Art Deco, Crafstman and Frank Lloyd Wright "prairie" style. The proposed 269,701-square-foot Grady Ranch studio was to be a mission-style building, and Lucas was the "principal designer," according to the Grady Ranch website.
The reviews are from Amazon.
I'm thinking we were 'randomly selected' because of the death rays I was sending to the TSA agents. Bitches, I don't need a bomb, I WILL KILL YOU WITH MY EYES. After that pat down, I really hope I'm not pregnant.
That said, if there's one thing this last week has taught us it's that we can't tell what's coming. This story is *still* gathering pace and is finally beginning to properly bring the Tories and police into it.
Me: (I'll take the HIGH road here and be super nice and set an example for him and everyone behind me) Good morning. I need to return this.
Should have closed the windows, love
That very homogeneity, according to one view, is what lends the VPO its distinctive character - it's a feature, not a bug. In a 1996 radio interview, for example, transcribed and translated by the musicologist William Osborne, one member described the orchestra's demographic makeup as an essential component of its style.
We are gonna start a little something new here at MS. We wanna have a contest for a Guest DT spot and anyone is welcome to give it a shot! We have a challenge for you to complete and we the DT will take a vote for the winner. What will you do with that? Well you will receive a DT kit for which you will need to complete at least 3 layouts and a card or altered item for your debut. You will be highlighted for a weekend in your honor of winning the contest and it will be your turn to issue one of our monthly challenges. You will need to join our forum if you arent already a member, join our discussions and take part in the challenges for the month and most important we like to share the love in our glorious gallery.
right.
Bloody and wounded
#NEEDABREAK
Gucci Pout Homme
The best part of this holiday is seeing all the ingenious traps the kids come up with. This year they had an indoor and an outdoor one, just to cover all their bases. Unfortunately those sneaky little leprechauns escaped, right after tying all of our shoes out the windows. . .
2 tbsp fresh mint, chopped
And in my heart I can hear the drum
Praire Madness - Circles In The Sand
To do the work of God we simply* need to believe in Jesus. Everything else follows.
Unsweetened cocoa powder 3/4 cup(75 grams)
if you follow me on instagram you may have noticed a trend amongst my insta-feed...headless outfit of the day shots featuring everything below my facial region. i find it somewhat humorous that these tend to be my most liked insta-shots which poses an important question...is there something wrong with my face?
I have felt so unsettled this year. I started off the year with the seed of a possibility of moving, which grew and grew, and we readied our home for sale by painting and boxing up belongings. Then we moved and have been in temporary housing since July. I feel dislodged, without a nest to feather. My home is not my refuge. I would like to get into my new house (looks like we'll close mid February!) and make it my home. I also only did one show in 2010, and the lack of that creative outlet has been really difficult. I hope to have more theatre in my life in 2011. I also want more confidence. I feel shaken after this move... unsure and unsettled and without not only a home, but a PLACE... and my confidence has plummeted.
...my clients, who are beyond amazing people and incredible authors -- and who are the reason I wake up
314) round table seating eight
as I couldn't leave the organ unattended.
As I noted over at Examiner, the Grammys have changed their policy on dance music so that only DJs and electronic artists like Skrillex, David Guetta and Afrojack are eligible. The change is good for those guys, but not so good for Gaga, Spears and Rihanna, who have all been shifted to the Pop field. That means fewer nominations for all of them.
Because even when no one else notices, we know that God sees.
Just a smile,
This isn't a purely religious issue, but an issue which affects every member of society. Accepting homosexuality as an equal alternative to natural living, is to condemn the victims of this illness to suffer with no chance of help. Homosexuality can, and should, be cured. Bisexuals such as the Prime Minister, David Cameron, have no right forcing their perversions on society. If we needed any more proof that our rulers do not have our interests at heart, this is it. If they want to wallow in their own filth, let them go to the land they really do love and join in the carnival of decadence enjoyed by the self-Chosen who they worship. It is only a short flight to Tel Aviv. Bon Voyage!
The total incidence of sudden death that can be attributed to nothing beyond heart failure is a complete mystery. The young and symptom-free may be the tip of the iceberg.
I last wore this top here with a Desigual skirt. Red is my favourite colour but my friend noted the other day that I don't wear red very much. Looking back at my outfit posts, I see that isn't true. I guess I just don't see my friend very often. I should get her to read my blog.
So then, one day, I was talking with my friend Tara. She was carrying this fabulous bag and I thought, "Gosh, I love that! I wish it were a diaper bag." So I told her, "Gosh, I love that! I wish it were a diaper bag!" (haha) and she said, "It is! I just use it as a purse because it's gorge, big and very high quality!"
So last year I recapped these awards and ended up getting all kinds of blog hits, so I thought I'd give it a go again. In preparation I re-read last year's blog. Again, I know next to nothing about country music, and don't particularly enjoy them, so expect lots of mockery ahead.
has disappeared
It was nearly midnight by the time that we arrived home and the next door neighbour's dog was serenading our little lane with his barking. When I had been getting ready to go out I could not help but hear that the neighbour's dog was barking in a way which indicated that they were away or out and he was obviously outside. Strange that, as when the WAG from next door came round on Christmas Eve she said that the dog had become a house dog and no longer lived outside in the kennel. Well that didn't last long. Anyway we were going out for the evening and I hoped that by the time we came home that the dog would have barked himself to sleep. We went out and forgot all about the barking dog. For once his barking was not going to spoil our evening.
So I decided to look around the hotel,
There is only one way to dispel myself of this unsettled feeling and that is to write three unconnected paragraphs to break the curse. I will pick the first three pieces of text that I have to hand.
For one brief moment there was silence as the minute hand of the clock on the wall clunked into place. It was 11:03.
Maria Menousos chose 1988 when she was 10 and played "Material Girl" with change she picked up on the floor of her family's business. That wasn't the best song choice for a rumba, but Derek came through with the choreography. It's a sexy, sensual, passionate, slow dance, which to me doesn't lend itself to the lyrics of that song. Their rumba was hot - very good! Len said it had smouldering intensity. All 9s! Wow! Len said he'd taken happy pills and was in a good mood tonight. He must be. (27)
The jungle fell out from beneath him.
The Detail reported that the jury could not agree on whether the SAS had attempted to arrest the IRA men.
A Chinese Headstone
When your heart is more open you will be more aware of what is really going on around you and so be able to make wiser decisions about how best to react in any situation that you find yourself in.
We chose to sit on the upper level semi-traditional seating area; shoes had to be removed.
Never once did You leave us on our own
Hell, it's some kinda lunatic following me.
531390 Other activities related to real estate
5. And then I won't go to too much detail, but I have a GINORMOUS hemorrage
Sorry, the language is in Chinese so is the subtitles.
"She sent us a Dear John?" Corporal McSherry said.
and I sat down and made sure I had everything in
We played 44 weeks but counted only 31 because of vacations.
The first story is the history of Apple (in general) and Steve Jobs (in particular) and how Apple almost collapsed and then returned in iGlory, and very much about our consumer mindspace about the new shiny item on the shelves and how we take a Gollum-like possessiveness to it all. We don't think about the way the paradigm has shifted (example - Who owns the song on your iPod?) and how the future has changed. And here Daisey is riding the crest of the wave in a friendly audience of tech geeks and Seattle Rep regulars, who know the stories of tech support and have read their Bill Gibson and turned off a plethora of phones before the show started (One of the audience, before the show began, was taking multiple pictures with his iPhone of the nearly-bare stage, to be stitched together later on his computer). Daisey does this well - he comes from out of the tech trenches. We understand and laugh.
Chronic Town 2008 Hollywood Movie Watch Online : Vidreel Link : Alternative Link :
Not shown: I used a gold Spica glitter pen to add my darkest shadows on the brown fur areas, and a silver glitter pen along the edges of the turquoise
His 11th month has been even more fun than his 10th. He is taking baby steps, literally. He knows how to "do" the hat song - those of you in EI know what I'm talking about. I'm pretty sure he is signing "all done." He has added "hi" and "uh-oh" to his vocab. "Uh oh" is his favorite because he gets to drop something on the floor and then say "uh oh" over and over and over and over again. He's learning to climb the stairs which is not so fun because he hasn't mastered the not-falling-down-once-you're-a-few-steps-up part.
with driving under the influence,
Joan Armatrading is described on Jabaspace, her community website: "When first you hear the voice, rich, warm, remarkable, it's a voice that suits a secret sharer, a woman who tells the truth. For 33 years, Joan Armatrading has done just that--in songs crafty, subtle and sublime. Armatrading's songs are in the truest sense soul music; even at their boldest, driven by her passionate guitar, they touch the listener like a whisper to the ear, like confessions from heart to heart."
You will be misting, painting, spritzing, sewing on this multi media album
I suppose I also had my doubts coming into this book because I have no particular fondness for The Wizard of Oz. I disliked Baum's novel, though I appreciate it and have used it in my college classroom. I am fond of the movie, but not fanatical by any stretch. I enjoyed Wicked in a similar way to Bill Willingham's Fables series. The characters are recognizable because they are figureheads in our pop culture. They are archetypes. Almost everyone knows them, but Maguire tells the backstory. The whole story. It's a very smart takeoff from what we think we know about these characters. He crushes the stereotypes while still leaving some nugget of the character in tact for the sake of familiarity. He grows the story; he does not just retell it.
How insulting to ALL children's authors writing today!
knowledge comes from,
Two spreaders with pumpkins on them
What a day! Trying to do all my regular Monday chores and still get all 12 of the National Scrapbook Day challenges from mypinkstamper ... and I didn't get as much done as I would have liked to. I ran out of time to even attempt challenge #6 or #12. Toward the end many of my cards ended up being quite simplistic, even more so than usual. There were SO many cute creations that were posted by SO many crafty people! Great ideas and inspiration if you get stuck.
Shame.
Son of Irving Wallace
New Shrubs: From the World to You
TENbyTEN Only Mostly Dead
The photos are of my son and daughter when they were younger.
thin brass wisps
My first spontaneous reaction obviously involved a few expletives, but on the second thought there is no need to be spoiled. This may even be a blessing in disguise. Other places in Germany propose full Ring cycles too. Time to discover places, creative works of others... So what are the options? Frankfurt, Essen, Hannover, Freiburg and even Mannheim! See below the list with links to all operas.
No music in this one. Just a campaign for a fair payment. Ebsco Publishing took over The H. W. Wilson Company last year and made all staff redundant. It still won't follow the recommendation of the Irish Labour Court to make redundancy payments more in line with industry norms.
Needless to say when I came back I practically had to rebuild my car and the two of them had taken photos of themselves on my camera to further piss on my authority. Regardez:
Beer advertising should be matey.
Thankfully, the dog dropped the box, and no harm was done
It's Up,
7. The airbag system would ask "Are you sure?" before deploying.
i say things wrong a lot don't i?
He'd say dude,
My niece is a fantastic musician and is a member of one of the North Lanarkshire Schools Music Groups. Their spring concert showcases the talents of around four hundred young people in the county. There was a range of different musical styles in the concert including jazz, rock, classical and traditional. There is a pipe band, a woodwind orchestra, a symphony orchestra, as well as a development group for younger children. Every single piece of music was delivered with professional levels of musical ability, timing and polish.
On the way home, the bag handle snapped and the jug hit the ground and smashed. Bev no longer wanted to hold my hand.
Opposition leader Sam Rainsy, who is now in France, was convicted and sentenced in absentia on Wednesday to two years in prison for uprooting border markings with neighbouring Vietnam and for inciting racial discrimination.
I was conjuring up visions of gorgeous and shiny epoxied boards blending seamlessly amongst the decor like so...
Since I spend a lot of time doing customer quilts, it's nice to do something that's mine. It's also where I get the practice for things I want to move on with in the quilting world.
1 cup fresh bread crumbs
Welcome back! We are so happy to see smiling faces each and every week! This week, we have another fantastic challenge for you, so let's get down to business! Our winner for last week's Stitchy Bear prize is:
Oh, and they have monks chanting the entire time...yeah...sweaty, tired, and monk music - WIN! ;-) The museum was really interesting and we enjoyed the juxtaposition of our visit to the Louvre.
In my next meltdown post, I'll try to cover coping in adults.
If you put the whole thing together, though you see the planet of sound (Jupiter) owning the house of communication (3rd House) as a basically positive influence, and you start to think the the person must be involved in music or in oration as a powerful speaker.
Here are some pictures of other people having a good time, on the government-sponsored play equipment right in the middle of Taksim.
The subsequent chapters then go into much greater details on the ingredients, procedures, chemistry and science behind Sake brewing. For example, you will find a brief history of rice growing, not only in Japan but also in the U.S. and Australia. There is a large section on moto, yeast starter, production with information and procedures for five different systems. You will find multiple comparisons between commercial brewing and home brewing, indicating changes that the home brewer likely may have to make. Chemistry lessons play a part, and some of the information can get very technical.
"I trust You. Take it all; if You want."
As you can see I think we are going to be in the kitchen for awhile; there is still a lot of stuff in there!
South Africa could have been out of sight at the break but for poor goal-kicking, with Pienaar missing four penalty attempts.
BUT, I give thanks none the less!
Pours a nice brown, tinged with red. Tan head dissipates to a collar pretty quickly. Nice slightly nutty smell, with minimal hops.
then all the beautiful things we borrowed from the florist and event planner.
A little more than halfway through a recent flight some serious boredom set in. I wasn't interested in paying for inflight wi-fi more than half way through so I thought, what can I make a unit on, that I already have clip art for?
An advertising campaign aimed at users of social media networks does not need to be complicated. Once you start something like this you can keep on educating yourself in the ways you can make it work for you. You must constantly work at this in order to reap the rewards; be sure to keep your information current and update profiles on a consistent basis.
Perhaps when I show my next creation someone in my family will say - "That's nice, ARTIST". Has a nice ring to it, doncha think??
The road along our route was almost deserted, other than the free-range cattle that wandered onto the highway from time to time. Although we did see an occasional car, the drive was very quiet and peaceful.
Each year, 19 billion catalogs are mailed to consumers across America, gobbling more than 53 million trees and creating 56 billion gallons of wastewater in the process. Visit www.catalogchoice.org and opt out of unwanted catalogs. Within 10 weeks, your mailbox will be taking a lighter toll on the environment. Less waste, less pollution-it's just that easy.
This one is very springy, and the flowers were all punched... quick and easy! The movement of the flowers is so delightful!! When you open the card they just dance :) It surely brings a smile to your face! The tutorial on how to make these cards is on my personal blog.
If you want to succeed, you should invest some time and effort to plan and figure out your actions.
5) Princess Charlotte of Monaco
But there is a problem in his parallel. His best parallel would be not evolution but dinosaurs - and creationists are not particularly known for denying dinosaurs. One famous creationist, unlike Dawkins in prison, was while free even known as Doctor Dino.
Designated Agent and fulfill both its responsibility to distribute receipts to stakeholders of the public performance right under section 114(g) as well as its
I guess some would say my 12, almost 11, and 4 year olds are deprived. None of them have a personal phone. None of them have an ipod. None of them have a gaming system - either personal or family-sized. We don't even have a TV! When the economy tanked in late 2008 we did what we had to to survive. We moved from a 3000 square foot house to a 1500 square foot rental to the 1000 square foot home we currently own. My three kids - gasp! - shared one room for the first two years we were in this house! My two oldest children even received free lunches from February 2009 through May of 2009. And they were a godsend. However, while on these free lunches we weren't buying souped-up cars, any electronics, cigarettes (that now cost around $5/pack! - I remember when they were like $1.50!), etc., etc. It is all about priorities. Why should someone else have to pay for my child's food because I am unwilling to? Note I didn't say unable - those people need help for sure.
and I placed my design on top. I covered it with a poly curtain and wetted it down. Now, here's the thing. I can spend up to or over an hour depending on the size of the piece wetting and gently rubbing the design in place to start penetrating the fibers into the silk. This part is verrry important to me because if I don't pay attention and give the pattern enought time and rubbing, it will not adhere and falls off in the fulling process or worse the edges don't felt onto the silk and the piece looks sloppy.
Then I open it to the women, who are itching to speak, by now. "Ladies?"
He was granted bail of R1 000.
Another thing I love?
So Bright, So Strong (Radio Edit)
Second , the good thing about receiving a rock as a present is that you can throw it at any one that tries to give you a cow sweater!
I mailed this out yesterday along with a little Thank You gift.
Teachers who have picked up elementary students to take them to school in the rain, because they knew those students walked and if it rained they wouldn't be able to come to school.
I was going to close with a big announcement but will keep you all in suspenders a bit longer :D and announce it in the next few days as must fly now!
So by the time I got home I was able to tell myself, and actually believe: It is a good thing he emailed me when he was upset. He was communicating! He was reaching out! And even more than that- he actually cared that I was gone! I have left him overnight before, the last time was about 7 months ago- and he wasn't happy, but only because he didn't want to spend time in the car to go to Grandpa's house. He didn't care where I was going or what I was doing. Not like this.
but our ancient stone monuments are lasting well over several centuries, if not much longer.
Consensus, as Mead points out, not only forms the basis of human society, it
- john fleming east belfast
16.Spellbound
You exit the attic and you look around you. As you descend to ground level ("fall off the roof" is the official explanation), you see the gables of the attic windows through the trees to the right. The design is like this:
Bennett: Well as far as that question is concerned, my answer; there are endless amounts of bands and songs that I never get tired of listening to. But, recently I have been listening to a lot of Deafheaven. A really awesome, ambient/blackmetal/ epic band out of California. They have just been blowing up like crazy the past few months. I for sure recommend a good listen to their stuff! A movie I never get tired of watching...hmmm. Well, I guess I would have to say V For Vendetta. That movies RULES
of the flypaper that once wrapped you,
from trancyhive-tales:
Thy honking horn designed to wake the whole world from its sleep!
Well, that is about enough for today. I will announce the winner of my Penguins of Madagascar DVD review tomorrow.
Isn't it amazing how versatile a blindingly fluorescent color piece of furniture can be? Above you can see the Offcut Fluoro Bench by Tom Dixon looking fabulous with plywood and chalkboard black , and below the Offcut Stool coordinating perfectly with white floors and olive green.
But she insisted that we have to do an assessment simply because the wheels were in motion. Then it was less funny but still frivolous. So we set up a time to drop by the school so Khubz could speak.
Mother Buffalo
What is your best organizational tip?
12 ounces whipped topping
1. No sugar in the house, but anything outside of the house is fine.
Ironically, in 2002, the owner of the bone box reportedly claimed that he withheld his name from public media because he feared his home would become a church where those seeking a tangible connection to Christ would venerate the ossuary.
But I gotta keep trying
Attainability: SHACKED UP WITH A MODEL
This weekend I was fortunate to spend time with two incredible groups of friends. After two evenings of celebration, laughter, dancing, a few tears, discussing family old and young, life-changes, film, books, and a rainbow of other topics, I have spent a lot of time thinking about my friendships.
These Inspirational accessorized Artifacts bear witness to Re-Possessing the Ever-lasting, Ever-flowing, Sustaining Spirit of the Aesthetic of Funk, and the abilities of this under cultivated aesthetic to enhance daily life of the Super-Natural Nature of Everyday People through the art of crochet.
Wow, its hard to believe that it's already the 15th day of 2012. Time certainly does fly. Anyhow, I finally have some free time to reconnect with my poor, dear neglected blog. I am surprised to see that I still have followers here!!! Thanks for sticking around. So, you may be wondering what I have been up to lately. Pictures speak louder than words, so this pic should explain why I haven't had much time to blog lately.
i worked with the ladies of 'curtain works' a couple months ago! they were so nice and have a great store with custom curtains & draperies. their not quite up and blogging but when they are i'll be sure to share the link!
- Takeshi & Nana M.
All songs by Billy Gibbons, Dusty Hill and Frank Beard, except where noted.
This knife was used to cut through the sting ray, gut the snapper and barramundi, de-scale the fishes as well as fillet the catfish.
2
There are many health benefits to using colloidal silver. For instance, medical uses of silver are used in hospitals for the medical treatment of people who have suffered by burns. By using colloidal silver, the growth of scar tissue can be prevented. This is because of its proven ability to stimulate the regeneration of human cells in the skin.
ABC Poison arrow UK
However, some people have more developed skills than others. Some are more limited and they can only nod while they fidget with their protuberance (um, still talking about their phone here), this is fine, because the person opposite them thinks they are listening to them, but others can even nod AND answer back while their fingers type these tiny keys on it.
phonecalls
Yesterday was my bookkeeping day, but it was so lovely out, I decided to take a side trip at lunch time to Plymouth's lovely old greenhouse, rationalizing that I could pick up some plants for Allegan. I used to love to visit the greenhouse where we lived in Chicagoland. It was huge. And old. And famous -- it was featured in the movie "Flat-liners*." Plus it was right around the corner from our house. One of my favorite spring rituals was to pack my son, Jack, in his wagon and head over, wandering for as long as he could stand it down its beautiful rows of plants. We had quite a big yard then, and it was great fun to pick out new plants to try together. As fate would have it, when I was putting yesterday's choices in the trunk, a young mom and her son pulled up, and began their search for the perfect wagon to pull down the rows. Every wagon her son tried was too big, so I hurried up so I could offer the one I had used -- a red Radio Flier, just the right size for small boys to pull. "Come on, Jack," she said as she thanked me for the wagon. Her son was Jack, too! Made me smile. There's just something wonderful about spring, wagons, flowers and boys!! xo
Common people, its not fuckin' rocket science.
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
"It would be cool. Like living in someone's stomach. A snowman's stomach."
I would highly recommend this book to you, especially if you struggle to believe in the sovereignty of God.
Council News:
The Innocent by David Baldacci
After some tense finger pointing and general hysteria, the cops finally concede they can't determine who the alien is, and since no laws were broken, everyone is free to leave.
This is set up. What's the actual problem? Who are the antagonists? What's at stake?
(and the best son-in-law)
Far more than falling snow, heavy clouds,
The leaves start changing,
So I head out to the world and prepare my mind
People need to be noticed, to be seen as valid participants in society, to be needed by somebody else in meaningful ways. People need to be seen and feel valued, not just noticed in a distracted way, in passing glances whilst we whizz along doing other things we find important.
Finding gratitude
How do children become bullies?
Living in a country where most are Catholics, everyone looks forward to the Holy Week as it means having the most awaited days off from work. Most of my fellowmen take advantage of this week to go out of town or visit other countries. In my case, I grew up in a family who chose to have quality time at home. When my paternal grandmother was still alive, we have our annual family reunion. We feast to healthy local delicacies that my grandma prepares for us. How I wish our family could revive this tradition in a better place. Having family reunions to a rest house in Tagaytay or even in Antipolo will do.
So there you have it, Salty not only seems to run, but it goes down the road. It isn't the most comfortable bike in the world, but it is actually doable on the road. I just fold up my long legs, hunch over, and go for it. I'm going to fiddle with a few more things this afternoon, and hopefully take him around the block more before the rain comes this weekend.
Wadmalaw Island, one of the sea islands just south of Charleston. We took a tour in a trolley that was converted into a bus. There they were, acres and acres of bushes that we learned were Camellia Sinensis tea plants. So this tea is a cousin of the beautiful flowering camellias found all over the southeast!!
Doc Scott - Rage (Reinforced)
This is the last day at Bintan for Scott and Rafaella, so they took the opportunity. We are going to really miss our friends they have been so much fun, it has made our holiday so much better.
Mary didn't try to replot my novel or redesign my characters, but she did point out when I was heading for trouble:
You know what the best side effect of running for your health is??? It inspires me to eat better. Why would I mess up a good workout with junk? Until I started focusing on exercise for health, I never could commit to eating healthy all the time. I worked out so I could eat crap and still be thin, which definitely didn't work. I'm happy I've made my way to this spot. It took YEARS to get here, and I will never turn back.
With his finger tips.
Starring: Ranveer Singh, Anushka Sharma, Dipannita Sharma, Aditi Sharma and Parineeti Chopra
Laure replied, saying she would gladly take me around France, but the VISA process might be too cumbersome. So I might just make do with a cross country trip. Across the US and across India.
turning around, facing you, standing there
I began reading the book (from the start, even though I've read it for the nth times now), and pictured Miley and Liam as Ronnie and Will. I'd say that this time, I finally been able to dwell myself on the story. I find myself turning the pages with so much anticipation and eagerness... waiting for the next turn of events. I used to love reading inspiring stories like this, and it has been a while now since I last read Dear John (by the same author). I think Nicholas Sparks is so fond of writing stories that has a happy-not-so-happy ending. Don't get me wrong, I love all his works. It's just that, I always end up questioning "what could have been" in all his books that I've read. All of it--emotional, sad, sometimes depressing... but they are inspiring at the same time, it makes you think of forgiveness, loyalty, love, and hope. Maybe that's the thing I love about these stories, that life is not always a happy ending, but there are a lot more reasons to move forward, to live life.
JMPD OFFICER STEALS CASH FROM MOTORIST AFTER THREATS AND INTIMIDATION.
A newer medication that relieves the itching associated with burns as well as speeding the healing process is called dexpanthenol. Dexpanthenol helps to relieve the itching by preventing the affected skin from drying out.
Can't wait to see what HobbyBaby has to offer in it's upcoming remodel!
everything should be fine
This my version of the good & tasty salsa verde. It means a green sauce. Salsa verde is a great sauce to make. You eat it cold. You can easily make it in a food processor.
The New York Times
Andy Crawford: Snappy title, Andrew.
today i am loving...
Dear Ma,
Source: The Conservative Voice
Hope you have a great week~ ~L
attending church worship with parents on Sundays, once a week
My Kindle was looking a little empty so as I had a craving for period drama... extravagance... and excess of the French kind... I downloaded these... and I ordered the others for my bedside table... When I get in the mood to read about something I go the whole way...
Add the coconut milk, fish stock, and fish sauce and bring to a boil.
Perhaps things will be improved before the expansion launches. One can hope.
HONING PARAGRAPHS
Inquisitor Exarch sticks around to get you the wins in slower matchups, you can blink him plenty of times to burn your opponent for 2 damage or, you can use him to gain some life to really pull of some sweet tricks with: Chalice of Life
and said I love you, daddy.
For colour work, I usually use gouache paint on paper, or acrylics on paper. My black and white work is usually pen and ink or graphite pencil. For my personal and gallery work, I experiment with mixed media like collage, oil pastels and pastels.
Dear Wolfwoman,
Place the biscuits on a baking sheet lined with parchment, and brush the tops with the melted butter. Bake for about 17 minutes or until lightly golden.
In honor of Nick, our many miscarriages and for all of those that has lost a pregnancy or child.
We always make sure to have lots of fun today, with a lot of activities, some old, some new! This year I came across this great printable, so I cut out the hearts and strung them on our kitchen shelves!
You can also find more information on paternity testing, DNA testing and prenatal DNA testing on www.ddc-pilipinas.com. DNA Diagnostics Centre Philippines (DDC) offers a specialized, professional and dependable service for our range of DNA testing services, our portfolio
Full name: RMS Titanic
And, I did.
Good luck Mr. Irons, you did very well and it was a pleasure intimidating you today.
These will be hard to beat.
NO BAKE WALNUT BARS
13:00 : 13:30 Welcome & Coffee
One of my fondest memories as a small child was hearing a firm and steady knock on our front door, and opening it to find a handsome, confident man in a dark suit standing tall and proud. He would always be smiling, often have a dashing, rakishly tilted hat on his head, and in a deep and pleasant voice would inquire as to the whereabouts of the Lady of the house. He would also be carrying a mysterious and fascinating item in his hands, or have a huge, shiny, complicated device sitting on the ground by his black and highly polished shoes. The item was either a modern, complex device for removing dirt from our carpet, or what I think was possibly a Russian space satellite, primed to make a blazing entry out into a geosynchronous orbit of our humble planet. Either way; the machines were soooo...... cool! He would talk for what seemed like hours about such interesting things as the incredible cyclonic, suction power of the amazing Dust Demon 5000, the wonderful quality of various cleaning products, or the importance of imparting the knowledge of books on young and impressionable minds.
This discussion matters because this is a society in which, when sharing that I was going to have a girl, more than one commented, "Oh, too bad." And "Oh, girls are so hard. I'm sorry!" One said, "I knew Chris didn't have a boy in him." (I wanted to reply, "Actually, he did, but my cervix didn't have it in it to keep him alive.")
Carve him to the heart.
May 3 is Paranormal Day, a day to talk about scary things like ghosts, vampires and other undead creatures that go bump in the night, and sometimes in broad daylight.
In other words, there is nothing that might happen that would prove scientifically that God does or does not exist.
The palette we were working with was azure blue, black and white.
Of course I couldn't try everything but that's just an excuse to go back. AGAIN AND AGAIN.
Recorded At Rheinhalle Dusseldorf Germany
It is beyond question that in the past, the Catholic Church in America has unwisely taken political positions that are antithetical to the American ideals of individual freedom, personal responsibility, and Constitutionally limited government. But it is also beyond question that the Democrats, whose passion for power respects no bounds, have targeted the Church as a principal adversary in the upcoming election. There is no other imaginable explanation for the Obamunists' determination to impose a requirement on Catholic institutions to provide their employees health insurance that will cover contraception and abortifacients.
* donning the dress myself and taking self-portraits in Cindy Sherman style
As we turn our lives over to Yahushua and trust in Him, the Holy Spirit then comes to dwell in us and we become the house that God built to hold His Spirit.
But what shapes those appetites and desires? Not mere facts, or even persuasive arguments. What shapes those appetites and desires is story. And the part of us captivated by story is our imagination. So it is through imagination that I believe we can most closely approach the deepest parts of who we are, the longings, dreams and desires that shape us and drive us to behave in the ways that we do.
Pearls: Melissa Francis
3. New Tech
In the case of our children, if we are conveying love in one language, and they feel most loved in another, your love might be getting lost in the translation!
1/2 c chopped celery
My kindergarteners have now spent the better part of the year together, working, playing, and learning.
There is even a Vegetable Butcher on the premises (and where else can you find one?), who will prep your veggies for you. In addition, you will find Le Verdure, a restaurant specializing in Italian-style vegetable dishes, so vegetarians will want to visit here.
Gladstone had lost his seat in South West Lancashire in the election of 1868 despite a hard fought battle, due to opposition to his support for Irish Catholics and, apparently without asking his permission, Greenwich Liberals had listed him for their constituency in the same election. Interestingly Gladstone is reported as wearing the colour blue when fighting the seat, often seen as a colour for the Liberals in those days (Conservatives often used the colour red at the time). He won the seat and held it until 1880, defending it successfully in the 1874 general election, after which Gladstone went north to represent Midlothian. It was quite usual in the 19th century for politicians to hop about from one constituency to another or indeed to fight two seats at once.
She had to go fetch EMPTY jars. What was the point of that? Those empty jars would not provide anything for her and her two boys?
Though we missed having the one the celebration was planned for, we were able to see the blessings right in front of us, and we will continue to believe in the work God is doing to bring a resolution to all this.
I make my way to the ESPNZone with some folk I met at the bar. I had Tenaya Creek Nut Brown Ale, smelled and tasted like butter. Then they got me a sample of Tenaya's Winter Spiced Ale. A little cinnamon, a little dry. No thank you.
Tue 9/30 Richmond, VA The National
These are Kristen's biggest problems at school. Today was her last full day of school. On Friday, we have the singing program and then she is done for the summer. As I was waiting in the car line today, one of the directors came over to chat with me. Kristen decided she kept needing to try to hold the little boy's hand next to her during practice, felt like she needed to pull her dress up a couple times, and sang "most of the time." What more can I do to help her?
It made quite the thick pizza! I was only missing the mushrooms, but I had none on hand, so, alas ...
We went for the day to Hardwick Hall last weekend, and although she did enjoy visiting the house - especially the four poster beds, and finding all the animal imagery in the paintings, tapestries and furniture, the favourite part of the day for her was picking the daisies in the lawn... Her handbag made a convenient receptacle for them, and I'm sure the plastic shark that was already in there enjoyed being garlanded with flowers!
966. Cascadian Farms Cinnamon Crunch Cereal @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 10:12 a.m.
not on the outskirts
Chuck in some flavouring agents. I like to use plenty of dill and lemony herbs like sumac and lemon myrtle, and some chopped spring onions. But perhaps some fresh basil and garlic might suit your fancy better. I usually like to make it fairly mild, and then add some chutney or sauce to taste at serving time. You can add other little bits and pieces of stuff for an accent - leftover antipasti, a handful of pitted and halved olives, some chopped sun-dried tomatoes or roast capsicum. If you're not cooking for a vegetarian, some chopped ham or cooked bacon pieces could well go in.
Please don't make fun of my wire wrapping - I'm still practicing.
It was Bruidge's, it was Cahill's,
The scriptures are full of so much wisdom. Of course, the fear of man brings a snare--if we are afraid to rise to our full potential because of what others might say, we will literally be ensnared as we make decisions to play it safe and not progress as we ought to progress.
I do have some good news with little Miss Yellow plant.
but whoever it was
'Falling into Spring' is an EP with just five tracks, but they're all crackers. It's maybe her register or the east coast accent that reminds me of Beth Orton (I know, her's is west), but this is lighter and less plaintive. I've never met these two and have no axe to grind, but I reckon I'm putting a good tip your way in suggesting you visit this link and have a listen. And if you like what you hear you just click the button and for the price of a pint or two the thing arrives in the post, and you can shoot a line to your pals and you have the sound for this summer's braais and a collector's piece to boot.
This is another topic suggested by some of you when I asked for new blog ideas. What is that old saying? Be careful what you ask for, you just might get it. Any way, I got it and will try to enlighten. Can anyone sense a chance for controversy or maybe dry humor? The complete suggestion was about demon possession and oppression. Because those words are long and difficult for me to type, I will blog about what I think you need to know about demons.
Ever faithful to God and her family, St. Monica bore her crosses with patience. In this respect, she reminds me of St. Helena who also overcame great adversity.
Whilst breathing deeply.
He makes me smile and laugh out loud every single day. Last year I wrote him a birthday song. If you know our T-Bear, these lyrics will make sense to you.
knowing that i would survive
I was also impressed that the packaging was unique for each one. It featured a picture of the truck that was included within. Normally, they would just have a generic packaging that would be used for all of the toys in a particular promotion so this was a bit of a step up.
It was cold on my flight from London to Glasgow. I know it was cold because the air-stewardess - not breathtakingly gorgeous on RyanAir, it would blow the budget - decided to use it as break the ice small talk. I have a horrible nightmare that 1ne day I'm going to be on a budget airline that gets the passengers involved in some sort of mid flight game...duck duck goose or something horrendous. The head stewardess is fierce of face, a sort of older, broken in head stewardess, ground down by routine and constant RyanAir flights hither and tither. She's terse, her tea pouring skills generally slapdash. I felt bad staring at her and waiting for outbursts. My own at work demeanour could do with a touch up probably, and I don't even make tea for Little Englanders slapping the front of their Suns and speaking proudly of their hopes for David Cameron. I said to my friend when I left Melbourne how odd it was that Virgin Blue play Kate Miller Heidkes "Last Day On Earth" just as the plane takes off in a rather disturbing juxtaposition of song title and potential disaster, but here, I'm sitting on my own, and any whimsical observation about the James Nesbitt voice over that pipes through the plane 6ix times a flight would be lost on the Little Englanders sitting next to me. The wife is a sort of Pat Butcher from Eastenders blonde bouffant headbutt (yeah! yeah!...no one gets that...) clinging old woman with a botox forehead, her husband a living breathing Jeremy Kyle visiting caricature of a man who says what he likes and likes what he says. Mid flight, she pretends to fall asleep. I know she's pretending because she keeps turning away from him and looking at me, but any time he presses her on the shoulder, her eyes clasp tight. Her husband instead engages the man in the row next to him in political debate, and she looks at me like the weariest woman in the world. I am, as it happens, no help to her. Not politically minded, and not particularly awake to offer a re-assuring glance. I read my Bill Walsh book from cover to cover and didn't even tell her she'd soon land at an airport with tartan "bunnets" painted on the toilet doors, the phrase Pure Dead Brilliant painted in a purple mantra across the walls, and some of the most incomprehensible wee men doddering about an airport you could ever hope to find...
For one, when we make the move, we can't take Google Friend Connect with us, so make sure you are following us either on Facebook, Twitter, or Email Subscription so you can still find us, and stay up to date with our newest reviews, giveaways and all our new exciting content! I've come to enjoy each and every one of you and I don't want to lose you when we move!
Louis Igout (1 book of albumen pose studies, 1880)
She was the only one home at the time.
Listen to what others say about you.
The Inspiron is a nice looking laptop, the one under review is sky blue, has a 15.6 inch 1366 x 768 lcd backlit screen, T4500 cpu running at 2.3 Ghz with 3 Gigabyte of ddr2 pc6400 800Mhz ram, 320 Gb hard drive with windows 7 64 bit. Onboard graphics, webcam, 3 x usb, 1 x d-sub, 1 x ethernet, 1 x card reader and 1 x expansion slot. A drivers and utilities disk is supplied, there is no system disk. The keyboard has a very nice and responsive feel to it, it is not too heavy and does not burn your legs when sat in your lap. It is not particularly fast but doesn`t suffer from lag either. The card reader is rather handy, for as well as avoiding the need to attach a cable to connect a camera for transferring photographs; you can leave an SD card inserted and configure it with Ready Boost to act as a cache to give a slight performance boost. That sums up all the good points
Cody
* Patent attorneys experienced an increased workload. In this study, companies reported a 21% increase in the median research and development expenses to patent attorneys.
But wherefore do I tell these news to thee?
Unfortunately by the 10th, which was the hole that ignited the trouble last year. Rory over-compensated his drive towards the left-hand trees, though rescued for par.
You are more than welcome to enter up to 4 cards during the next couple of weeks.
Caryn agrees and even cites some Scripture to support her point:
You killed me with all that you were to me,
Domonique
Now, did I go against direct advice of a medical professional?
There is a new blog on the block run by one of my blogging friends Mindi- Utah Sweet Savings. Have you been watching the extreme couponing show? {I have} Do you look for a good deal? {I do}Do you like a giveaway? {me}Utah Sweet Savings is the site for you. They collect all the best deals available from the sites such as Groupon but also for brand sites and more so you can go to one place to find it all. Ever wonder how those extreme couponers get everything for free or pretty close to it? Utah Sweet Savings has a series of how to videos for you. They also have a weekly giveaway. This week they have two giveaways. One is a $50 Walmart gift card. The other is two tickets to the Mary Poppins Broadway play! Go check them out. Seriously it's pretty awesome!
$4.00 off any Zegerid OTC Product
"Right TEAM" Ted barks at us all - I think he is trying to be motivational but he just looks red and a little sweaty. "I want you all to sell sell sell this week and beat every target."
Ludo and the Star Horse by Mary Stewart
This gas field is found in the North Sea.
And that's all I've got today.
I hope you enjoyed my Sephora Wishlist for spring and summer. Let me know what is your spring and summer beauty Wishlist!!
As it would be impossible otherwise, I picked the tiniest ones out of the sets and decided to take them home with me. But I couldn't, as the clerk didn't speak English, and I no Korean beyond restaurant lingo. She stood shaking her head, then her hand, bowing intermittently in between, smiling, yet not budging. I stood nodding, trying to speak, failing, repeat for an hour. Then I burst into tears, crying.
The point of all this is to explain why I haven't gotten anything together to post. I just haven't been up to it. I have lots of ideas jumbled up in my head and I will work on getting some loose and onto my blog. Soon. :)
Given this, it's a safe bet that elderly reloading equipment will be special to the 'ol fat man. Pictured above, an example.
Time to whip out your cookie cutters and go to town! Have fun with this part. No, really, I'll wait...
Aye.
The principle of The Shout is fairly straight forward. You buy yourself and your mate a beer. When you have finished your beers, your mate buys a beer for himself and one for you, in return. If there are more than just you and your mate in The Shout, then the beer total needs to be adjusted accordingly. The number of beers bought in each Shout is equal to the number of drinkers in The Shout. Simple. But, like most things in life, The Shout has traditions and responsibilities that must not be messed with.
Sadly, I wish I was astonished at having to say this, but I am pretty sure I have said it before. Along with don't lick the cabinets, books, and road, etc......
Top 3 Favorite Shows of All Time: Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, Sports Night, Celebrity Poker Showdown.
To start with try doing this exercise with no weight, but as you get used to the exercise please do add weight, to increase the strength in the muscle you need to challenge yourself. You can hold cans of food, pints of milk or use something like a dynaband which you can usually pick up quite cheaply in the larger supermarkets or sports shops.
My only regret during the concert is that I didn't get a rockin picture of the two of us with our better halves. But I do have pictures of the light show.
This is not totally his fault. He and his sister have been very busy, you see.
Put one cake layer on cooling rack and place on a baking sheet. Pour some ganache on top; spread evenly with a spatula. Then place remaining cake layer, and pour remaining frosting over the top, allowing it to spill over the sides. Smooth top and sides with spatula (see Note below).
-Started to show much more of a personality (although you've had such a personality since day one.)
The Philippine Tarsier Foundation runs the Philippine Tarsier and Wildlife Sanctuary in the forest of Corella, Bohol, where tarsiers roam freely.
4. New well is being dug as we speak. We are hoping to hit water soon!
with tap water soaking the Korean Glass Noodle.
I realized I only needed 3 yards.... (for my chairs... but double check for yours!)
As embodied by the teachers unions. This excerpt from an article in today's Detroit News entitled "Tougher teacher no-strike law pushed" shows how the left uses logic, peaceful dialog, and uplifting art to argue their point:
- Keep your portfolio and CV up to date
"She is my rock. She has taught me to believe in myself, and more importantly, to pick myself up whenever I stumble...and she has always inspired me--to push myself to dream even bigger than anything she could ever dream for herself."
Dream big my friends and it will be amazing what results out of your dreams!
Ranking the venues
Many of the unfilled jobs are in health care, but more are in vocational fields such as welding, metal work and precision machining, where jobs paying $20 an hour or more go unfilled.
It's a pretty basic design - a great clean and simple look - and I love the use of the Diagonal Scoring Plate to create the subtle background. I used Whisper White and Concord Crush (which is retiring at the end of May!) for my cardstock and added Pear Pizzazz (which is ALSO retiring at the end of May!) and Daffodil Delight for accent colors.
them can be together as a family. I love this photo of Andrea Jeanne. I think
Chips manufactured using CMOS (Complementary Metal-Oxide Semiconductor) technology form the basis of many consumer electronic devices used in daily life such as personal computers, smart phones, high definition TV and game consoles.
How do I feel
You can also get soap sheets, or pack some dry detergent with you.
The Nicene Creeds ends with: We look for the resurrection of the dead, and the life of the world to come. Amen.
(h) to declare the suspension of the collection of credits or the payments of debts:
The place is a labor of love for owner Jim Chappell, a longtime friend of former Kansas City and Oakland A's owner Charlie O. Finley. Chappell delights in leading first-time visitors from wall to wall, while providing background information about his collection's most interesting artifacts.
Both roxanainflight and roxanalinlight will co-exist, but the new blog will be dedicated to helping others deal with their internal issues, as well as providing them with guidance towards a more positive approach to life.
At the bottom of the Online version of the story, the Mail invited readers to comment, but strangely, given the emotive content, only one person, the imaginatively named Bob Roberts from Worcester, had left one, obediently parroting the mail's "OOOH they are such nasty Nazis!!" line
I am completely at a loss. We have tried everything with him. I've heard the "don't worry he won't go to kindergarten without being potty trained" Well I beg to differ!
This week was one of many joys and sadness for us. My best man and childhood friend, Aidan became a father welcoming his daughter Ainsley to this world on March 30,2011. Glo and I are extremely happy for Aidan and his wife Angela for their blessing. Yet, this week was also a time of sadness for us. My great uncle, Ricardo, passed away on March 27th. Although, I never felt close to him, I feel saddened by his passing. He was someone who loved his family and was a great man who achieved many things in his lifetime.
So offline does not equal online, yet.
In a report designed to prove the feasibility of measuring electrodermal activity on subjects going about their daily life, at least one student showed near brain-death during class. Explains A LOT. Especially why students sometimes take off their socks and play with their toes.* BECAUSE THEY ARE TRYING TO SURVIVE.
Why there is so little footage of the three of them together is a mystery, but the rest of the film tracks them as independent artists, providing impressionistic snapshots of their respective biographies and aesthetic principles. All of this is loosly organized around an even more vague Platonic idea of what it means to be a guitar player. I suppose this is supposed to become evident by way of synergistic connections, themselves achieved by the editing. I can't say this big picture ever came into view for me.
But this recipe - it's my answer to a day that was too too crazy. I spent my morning dashing around all over, my afternoon dragging myself to different lessons, and dinner? Done quickly and easily with this recipe. It's the tastiest stir fried chicken I've ever eaten and while I was eating I thought to myself, something this easy shouldn't be this good. But it is. And so easy. And - Daughters and Son LOVED it. Gobbled it, rubbed the sauce all over their rice and chewed it down.
a paint stirrer or popsicle stick
Enter yourself in the sweepstakes to win a KINDLE FIRE. There's nothing wrong with adding the occasional material gift to your Hope Chest, after all.
Starting something new, even a new hobby, is sometimes overwhelming. Especially when you walk into an already established world that you didn't know existed. Talk about intimidating.
Cancelled flights and closed airports nearly destroyed our chances to be together and the whole time I kept thinking it was a message from a higher power telling me that we weren't meant to be. Somehow, skies cleared and planes flew again so I then believed that the higher powers were sending me off to another blissful adventure.
When I was in high school I also had a reputation. And it was not a very good one by many standards.
The Florida Restaurateur
Yet, of all this horror, we read nothing in the press, hear nothing from our politicians and see nothing on our TV screens. Our media and our politicians do not acknowledge these atrocities and do no want us to know about them, because they do not sit comfortably with either their political views or their agenda, and also because, as the victims are white they do not care.
Here is the gorgeous stamp I have used..............
However, this suddenly comes to a stop when you reach the service manager or senior manager level of the authority. Suddenly, the ambitious member of staff is confronted with just the top 5% of the local authority and many of them are not going anywhere quickly. Even if they do the amount of jobs on offer at the next level up are relatively small as many of them are extremely specialist. For example, I have a friend who, despite being at a non-managerial level has just three roles in our council he can move into. After that there would be just one if he is not to move out of his specialist profession.
While Vera is the main narrator, she also gets some help from three other sources. One is that Charlie interjects at a few crucial moments, haunting her from beyond the grave, encouraging to stand up and do the right thing while also apologizing for screwing her over in the months before his death. The third narrator is Vera's father. He only has a few moments but they were some of my favorites as they incorporate flow charts and his awareness that while he may not be the best parent, he does love Vera and wants her to have a better life than her parents did. The last narrator is also the most unusual, being a pagoda that comments upon the antics of the teenagers in the book. It has stood for years and seen their parents and it will continue to stand and see their grandchildren.
This day has been 5 years in the making... and I know you have heard me say a million times...
8 induce
BLACK SWAN - Dec 3 (Limited) Dec 22 (Wide)
The billboard series features Ted Kaczynski, the infamous Unabomber; Charles Manson, a mass murderer; and Fidel Castro, a tyrant. . .
The band was very well received on their road shows and earned slots opening for the Vapors, Nick Lowe, Romeovoid, Psychedelic Furs, Talking heads, English Beat and others. While playing in Los Angeles, an A&M rep saw their set and signed them soon after.
how important it was to keep your
This week I have challenged myself to write one letter every day. Would you like to join in the challenge? You could just write a single letter if a letter a day seems too daunting. The point is to revive the seemingly-archaic art of writing a letter. I miss letters. So instead of sulking, I'm going to write some.
When I poke my nose into a beer, I conduct a forensic sweep, beginning with the yeast. I was initially struck by a cellary quality of Saison Dupont; in this case, it's not musty, but more of a mineral quality. As a minor note, there are a bit of hops, but Dupont has an alchemical depth in its aroma that comes from the yeast.
It was in April, 1996, that a box floated to land in Staten Island, New York. Inside it was the legless torso of Club Kid/drug dealer, Angel Melendez.
12/30 ending at Buffalo.
See, to me, the Outer Banks are a somewhat mystical place. On most coasts, you stare out at a (presumably) wide expanse of ocean. But on Hatteras Island, you stare out at the Atlantic (to the east) and the Roanoke Sound (to the west). On cloudy days, the sound itself can appear almost like an ocean, so that you feel as though you're standing on the last strip of earth on an otherwise watery planet. (Okay, so that's a little whimsical, but if you've been there, you'll know what I mean.)
I weep for not having you in my arms.
Driskill Mountain is a landform created by the erosion of unlithified Paleogene sediment. Its summit consists of nonmarine quartz sands. These sands overlie shallow marine and coastal clays, silts, and sands of the Cook Mountain Formation, which form the bulk of Driskill Mountain.
The answer: (pickup) trucks.
If you have done everything you can and still have rodents in your home, it is important to contact a professional. A professional exterminator can remove the mice and rodents from your Minnesota home as well repair any of the damage they may have caused. They will have the tools and techniques to rid you of these unwanted pests once and for all.
I remember the first time I was harangued for being a journalist. It was Christmas Eve 1982 and I was home from college for a gathering of family and close friends.
For most of these children come from lone-mother households. And the single most crucial factor behind all this mayhem is the willed removal of the most important thing that socialises children and turns them from feral savages into civilised citizens: a father who is a fully committed member of the family unit.
Wise parents will plan to provide a few outdoor activities before the child actually leaves for camp, such as picnics in a wooded area, or overnight excursions, sleeping in a tent or camper as a family. While there, be alert for undiscovered allergies to organisms present only in outdoor locations.
A lot of food in New York is authentic ethnic cuisine, even at the lowest prices - something virtually impossible to find outside the city. We have tremendous selection.
Well I really don't have anything to show, however I am crafting again!! Yipee, having finally got access to my craft room through the mess (thank you xx) I might have something to show soon!
(4) In a transformer, K = 0.8, the mutual inductance = 10 H, the no. of primary and secondary turns are 50 and 200. Obtain the value of the primary current to produce 0.5Wb flux to link with the secondary coil. Also, calculate the value of secondary current.
First time mom Taryn says, "There are a variety of ways to design a gender neutral nursery and birds are one theme that fits perfectly! I designed the room to be gender neutral because we didn't know what we were having until the big day! I chose a bird inspired theme and wanted to keep the style of the room on the more modern/contemporary side. I went with dark gray walls and pops of orange and teal. I made all of the artwork in the room including the canvas wall art and the bird mobile. I love how the room turned out! It's inviting, completely one of a kind and something my daughter can grow with.
The inept rise to the highest level of incompetence.
In a blender jar add the coffee ice cream, milk and sugar. Whip till well mixed. Pour it to a tall glass and top it with whipped cream and some chocolate arts, serve immediately.
You can adjust this so the box scrolls upwards or down, and also adjust the speed and the width of the pictures. This is great for grab buttons, blog awards, favourite sites - and the buttons are clickable too!
So most of you suggested that I wear my hair up for wedding..
07. Dreaming of a Little Cabin*
Cashews: 9 no
Then Elisha commanded. Now sell the bottles. Pay off your debts.
So, sweet Janelle, this card is for you. We're all sending you one gigantic glittery cyber-hug today! We love you!
Put flour, baking powder, bicarb, nutmeg and sugar in a large bowl. In a jug put egg, buttermilk and have melted butter ready.
I had an issue with the character of Detective Thayer. First of all, he was a complete (*&$@*&. And as far as I know, police officers wouldn't treat witnesses that weren't suspects like garbage. If they were being interrogated as a suspect, sure, but these were just kids. And I know it's just my personal opinion, but I didn't care for the way the police were portrayed in this novel. I feel it was just used as a plot device so the book could end the way it did. And I would share that with you, but no spoilers, so...I just felt it was a cheap way out.
Drop cookie dough by spoonfuls onto prepared cookie sheet and bake for 8-10 min.
Bobby Clark, 54
Beautiful baby daughter - " when you're old and demented you can live with me, well older and more demented. I mean all I have to do is give you a cup of tea and a plant to water and you'll be dead happy"
It was the first Christmas Stupid and I were together, and we were in Satans Playground, Wal*Mart. At Christmas time. We were standing in line at the checkout, next to a display of blow-up shit you plunk in your front yard. There was a blow-up display of a reindeer without a red nose, wearing a scarf and hat. Stupid's daughter, Smartass, asked which of the reindeer that was. After running through the list, and having them all rejected, I leaned down.
The other day I was browsing through one of my favorite Jane Brody cookbooks, Jane Brody's Good Food Gourmet, and came upon a recipe for cinnamon-toasted nuts. I had bought a bag of wonderful whole almonds at a terrific price a couple of weeks ago, and had been wondering just how to use them other than snacking on them plain. Jane's recipe calls for both almonds and hazelnuts, and uses double the quantity that I used. I chose to only make half the recipe because I wanted to be able to use some of my almonds for something else.
ewww, i googled this, lol, but as you can see, raunchy stature, poorly applied makeup, ugly weaves, etc.
Mummy loves you, and mummy hopes to care the fullest for you. Mummy hope you understand that the reason that mummy works hard is to make sure that you got will be given a better life in time to come. Mummy feels sorry for not able to give you a 'father' but mummy promise that I will always be there when you needed the 'father' figure. Mummy hope you understand in time to come, that you always a precious baby to mummy.
If you don't like the life you live, change it now it's yours
The Tibetans now lives in a secular society, but this secular culture must be nourished in a modern sense. People tend to take sides, they become politicised and this has happened throughout history. But as well as wars there have also been marriages between the Tibetans the Han Chinese, and the Manchu - and the and these have downplayed the anger. That is what is needed now - more marriages between ideologies to discourage turbulence and unrest.
Plus, the girl's priorities are all kinds of messed up. We're in the middle of WAR, tons of her countrymen dead, more dying, lots of very bad things happening, and what does she focus on? Whether or not Narian still loves her. Dude, REALLY??
I have many ideas on how we can improve Augusta County. For example, I support immediately beginning a new property assessment and implementing a tax holiday for new small businesses in their first year. I have a proposal on how to lessen the burden of accounting for small business assets, incentives for volunteer fire fighters to increase their ranks, and changing the county budget to a zero based process. I am also in favor of staggering the elections of our Board of Supervisors here in Augusta.
He lived in a time when men wore cravats, listened to the wireless, and where walking was still a common mode of transport (when he heard that World War II had broken out he walked 80 miles to try and sign up). In his own words:
I'm guessing a consult with Dr. Hunkalicious, ENT, will be next. Yay!
On a side note, we used to sing 'Jamaica Farewell' in assemblies at my primary school, 300 small children with one combined patois accent.
Let it be stated clearly at the beginning of this study however, that the outcome of the war is not in doubt.
I must have read a zillion articles about putting away your "inner perfectionist". One of Fly Lady's main ideas is to let go of perfectionism and we see posts all the time about making sure that we don't to be everything to all people. But what of those who don't suffer from this "inner perfectionist"? What if we struggle with the opposite? What if, *ducking now*, what we actually struggle with is quite the opposite? What if we struggle with "inner that's good enough"? Or as some may call it, laziness?
Nails bitten down like mine
So getting a legacy deal isn't about getting into print anymore. Which means you'd be signing with a Big 6 publisher in order for them to release your ebook.
Today is also the release of the second edition of the Whimsy Stamps Inspirations Magazine! The magazine features never before seen samples and tutorials from our DT members as well as some creations from our customers and fans too! This issue is crammed full of crafty goodness and best of all it's FREE! Just click the link below and you will be taken to the magazine where you can read it online or download it and save to your computer.
Well, my artsy-fartsy side of me comes out from time to time and this time I was inspired by my dad's approaching birthday! I have done just about everything for gifts for him--pictures, sentimental, gift cards, red sox paraphernalia....you name it, I've exhausted it! So I wanted to do something different this year (let's just hope it is good different). Here's what I came up with:
So this isn't exactly a "fave" but I am trying to use it up. I bought it when I couldn't find my beloved Marcelle liquid liner. I figured I'd give this on a chance. It's okay overall, but the black is a bit weak, the product doesn't flow into the tip properly and the pen is so short it's awkward to hold. I have a Lancome Art Liner to use next, even though I prefer the pen style as opposed to ones that need to be dipped ink well style.
More daffodils along my side border (near the tulip magnolia). they are between the driveway and the house, so perhaps the residual heat of brick and asphalt may help them. At least a cold snap in February will not last as long as one in January -- just a few days, not a week or more. And our ground temperature is probably relatively warm, since we have not had an sustained sub-freezing cold yet this winter.
In the past year my career has reached a point where things started to settle down a bit. Hapa found its groove, I added two amazing chefs to my team, and the food started to really reach people. It seemed like a good time to step back and take stock of where we had been, where we would be going. A time to focus in on everything that had slipped through my fingers during that first difficult year. Instead I wanted things to be hard again. I craved the struggle. The person who started this blog at one point found refuge in cooking. It was a place to find peace. Then somewhere along the way the stress fractures started to give way and a volatile mix of worry, self doubt, and anger...and for fucks sake it felt glorious. There was no more potent cocktail that could make my adrenaline flow and force me to focus in.
I'm also playing a a male moogle in a fanmade series for Final Fantasy, lol I can sound like a boy but no its not worrying I can make my voice low and deep.
"It was a murder of unimaginable cruelty. It had been a peaceful Sabbath day. My husband, Danny, and I had picnicked with our little girls, Einat, 4, and Yael, 2, on the beach. Around midnight, the terrorists burst into our building. Danny helped our neighbor climb into a crawl space above our bedroom; I went in behind her with Yael in my arms. Danny grabbed Einat and was dashing out the front door when the terrorists came crashing into our flat. They held Danny and Einat . I will never forget the joy and the hatred in the terrorists voices as they swaggered about hunting for us, firing their guns and throwing grenades. As I lay there, I remembered my mother telling me how she had hidden from the Nazis during the Holocaust. "This is just like what happened to my mother, I thought.
My Experience With Content Mills
The beat was constant and the dancing passionate Saturday in Monmouth.
From One Friend
as you strode deeper and deeper
Rocking the fro. November, 2008. This look requires a lot of combing with a big-tooth comb. If you leave it out like this too long, it becomes knotty and the last thing a Black woman needs is knotty hair.
- 55g / 2 oz / 1/4 cup of margarine , (or butter if not vegan room temperature)
Here, for your dining and dancing pleasure, is the part of the CNN interview in which Rep. Boehner shows that too much instant tan spray can affect brain cells.
1 elapsed
Hand painted with love and attention to detail...You can tell by looking, that I love what I do! I am very blessed...
BRONKHORSTSPRUIT: Elderly Visser couple (84 and 65) attacked on their smallholding with a pipe and scissors.
Now it is a collector driven market. This goes back to his point about how no one votes anymore. Not the dealers, or the critics or the magazines. Only the collector votes because they are buying and their money is talking. This results in a system that is very front heavy. And the only sign of quality or validity is if the work sells.
When we return from Spring Break, we have one week until the Writing STAAR here in Texas. So, we have practiced our test taking skills for the last few weeks on test-like passages. Our district calls this "Bridging to STAAR". We are doing this in both Reading and Writing, two times a week. I think my students have had enough. I have had enough. Don't get me wrong, it is essential that they practice test-taking strategies (NOT teaching the test), but things become boring and repetitive. There is only so much excitement you can put into a story, questions, and answer choices. Today, I had four students need to go to the nurse and about 20 really, really, really needed to go to the restroom because "It's an emergency!" Right. I wanted to go to the restroom AND the nurse, too. But...we soldiered on.
Open spaces and I'm open wide.
I didn't have the energy to climb into my attic and unpack my collections to show you.. But the photos below gives you and insight into my collection personality...I took them at a gift store located in Detroit's Eastern Market.
Yes, in 21 days, on Tuesday the 12th of October, The Scorch Trials will be available in stores nationwide (USA and Canada only, other countries later). I'm so excited for you all to read this book. So, so excited. The early reviews are very positive (yay Kirkus!!!! review to be shown here soon) and I just can't wait for those who liked The Maze Runner to see which direction the story goes. I can promise you'll be surprised.
Where I gotta tell you.......
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written. That is all.
So I've got this theory about computer games. First of all, I think computer game manufacturers are pretty brilliant. They give you such instant payoff! You get points, levels, stars, increased stats.... Virtual pats on the backs. They constantly make you feel like you're doing such a fabulous job. And who doesn't want that?!
VIDAL: Again, we are not advancing a specific solution, a specific
The Carpenters
Oh and his wife was suddenly 4 stone heavier and had severe - O so severe - acne due to hormones!
"Art owes its origin to Nature herself... this beautiful creation, the world, supplied the first model, while the original teacher was that divine intelligence which has not only made us superior to the other animals, but like God Himself, if I may venture to say it."
Sarah, Collin and Mason came up from Flagstaff to spend a couple weeks here
Oh how he boasts of this mighty feat! He is akin to a superhero taking on the might of the Supermarket (let's call it "Freschco's") and winning. He is known for never spending a penny. No, I don't mean like the Royal Family never spend a penny, I mean he is tight. Like a duck's posterior on water.
We realize also that some of our choice sisters are widowed and divorced and that others find themselves in unusual circumstances where, out of necessity, they are required to work for a period of time. But these instances are the exception, not the rule.
Stoke improved after the break and dominated as they searched for an equaliser. A football match even threatened to break out occasionally, as we looked at times to keep possession in the middle of the park and even build from the back. Those moments were few and far between however, and soon we were back to the kind of bad decision-making with our passing that blighted the win over Wolves (Shotton, Delap and Whitehead were the worst offenders) and were back to hoofing it in the direction of players who were clearly double or even triple marked and hoping to win a throw or free kick.
Near the Dead End there is a massive graffiti-covered squat beneath an overpass. It used to be a huge stable with a giant hall in the center where you could ride horses and take riding lessons. The complex is now a co-op of various groups that stage film screenings, music events, parties and there is probably a communist lending library.
You had retreated further into your mind.
Someone had changed even my security questions, which included my phone number, address, pet's name, etc. So ebay wouldn't let me press on the call me now button. But I finally reached someone and got through to a real person.
The one I feel like I'm kicking butt on is my get moving resolution. I'm doing a 100 day challenge I read about online. It's simple. Just move 30 minutes a day. Add 30 minutes of exercise that's not part of your daily routine. I've managed to do it every day so far for 18 days. Yay for me! This is the longest I've stuck to any kind of routine exercise and I'm kind of proud of myself.
I own a dog. A young German shepherd. Not a 100% pure breed but I love her nevertheless. Only a trained eye can tell the difference. This is she.
It is with Hera that I share such a mark.
Some people claim that Mussolini was not really Leftist because he in fact did not do much for the workers of Italy. But how many Leftist politicians would qualify as Leftist by the criterion of whether they were of net benefit to the workers when in office? The common economic failures of Leftist regimes tend to affect all the population, with no exemption for the workers. To judge politicians as they are normally judged (by their ideology), therefore, Mussolini was very much an extreme Leftist. Was Stalin of net benefit to the workers? Given the very poor standard of living in the Soviet Union that the Gorbachev reforms revealed, it seems unlikely. Do we for that reason say Stalin was not really a Leftist?
Original Gravity: 1.057.
These produce a slow wobble, which can be connected to control the pitch of the oscillators, the cutoff of the filter or the volume (see my tutorial on wobble bass here 'Slow' means anything from a full wobble every second or two, to a steady whirr.
Any who disbelieve that Islam is an incarnation of evil will have to accept the reality that we know to be true. If they can look at the following photos and walk away unscathed by the experience and still defend Islam then they are one of two things. Evil, or simply not worth saving.
Without warning, the students found piles of orange-colored fries on their trays as they shuffled through the lunch line. A few of my kindergarten students mentioned that they didn't like or weren't sure of the new-to-them fries as we sat down, but I encouraged them all to "just eat 2" of them. That is my policy with any of the younger classes; I tell them that they don't have to like everything, but they do need to try 2 bites. 2 bites of green beans; 2 bites of stromboli; 2 bites of sweet potato fries. We joke that 2 bites won't kill them, and they might even like it after they try it. I told them that I *loved* sweet potato fries and that they were loaded with good things that gave their brains energy for the work we would do in the afternoon.
But stupid cats aren't the only animals drawn to catfood, SAP quickly discovers. Big, frightfully mean raccoons are, too.
What a great way to spend some "me" time on Mothers Day by doing a little crafting and a great starting off point is at Unscripted Sketches.
Right now this kid is in parental lock down. His dad is taking him to school and picking him up and then he forces him to sit and do his homework until he falls asleep, ready for the same thing the next day. He's grounded from coming over to our house, which also punishes Chamille. I really hope good can come out of all of this. Parents should spend time with their kids, they should connect with them. Hopefully the forceful lock down and babysitting will create positive interactions where father and son can work together on helping homework become something positive. The part that concerns me, is the sheer negation of what this kid loves, keeping him from seeing Chamille, may do more harm than any good that could come from trying to connect, assuming that connection is the goal.
102 had
I made 150 cupcakes and my Ya Ya friends helped me fill them and frost swirls on them. At the last minute we popped them into these cute parchment papers which were already folded. We bought them at Walnut Creek cheese in sleeves of 50. I loved them!!!
But here are some qualifications: Tea is healthy as long as...
LIM :)
Tuesday, June 28 2011
But...it's not quite so erm....school hall-y if you get me!
I was at a concert during the 2000 Reunion tour.
The guy behind the paint counter didn't really respond. And I don't blame him. How the heck do you respond to that? She was asking him what taupe is. And telling him to mix it for her. Good luck.
One of the Institute's current research projects seeks to shed light on the dynamics of patent transactions, on the rationale behind the use of marketplaces for IP rights and, in particular, on the reasons for selling patents by auction. Part of this project has been structured to discover how the issue is perceived by the involved companies.
I, who has fallen in love with no other place to
let none ever presume to have my measure.
So tomorrow he moves again, ready or not. This disease is intellectually fascinating and utterly heartbreaking. I can honestly say that given a choice, I would have preferred to remain ignorant of this particular knowledge.
Close lap top.
Then all the talk started & I decided that this was a bandwagon I wouldn't mind being on.
That calls to me through clouded eyes.
If Jerusalem is to be the holy city, the theological and political centre of the Kingdom with the temple and its focal point of worship, why is it that Paul does not write of such a hope in any of his letters? He never refers to Jesus Christ as King or even the Great High Priest. Rather Jesus Christ is the Head of the Church and rather than having a priest, we are already seated with Christ in the heavenlies according to Ephesians 2:6.
They must in turn post this and send something they make
My ultimate favourite. The colouring of their wings are amazing. Their faces are so altered and different. I just adulation them. By far prettiest owl.
I thought about just darting out and running into the main hallway. I could run faster than most of the engineers out there, and it was sure to get distracted by the easier meat (and bigger brains), but that left me with the problem of pulling up my pants and washing my hands. I couldn't leave the bathroom without washing my hands. I was raised better than that.
Well, my planning for the trip was during the
Upon drawing the last card in the deck, or immediately upon drawing the cards in bold face, the deck disappears.
2. Spiritualized - Baby I'm Just a Fool
Until next time...Happy Crafting!
She is so talented! She hand-made many bits and pieces of infant couture and also made a gorgeous baby quilt for Michael to coordinate with his little bedroom. Where would we be without her? Thank you, Maureen!
Last March we took a weekend road trip and visited the beautiful town of St. Jacobs and while traveling around the back roads we came across this huge old Museum and we just had to go check it out!
More Pepsi. I hope they paid through the teeth for that, but I seriously doubt it.
For more information on the solar PV campaign in India please refer to the following sources:
More stuff that went into my file, that's all.
about the only sushi fish that is more widespread in Europe than it is
Article 44: The relevant legal documents touched upon in these Rules, should be made according to the relevant document forms of the National Copyright Administration.
8/10/11 (Brainworlds) Unfinished
Our conclusion? If we could come up with 40 reasons to be happy in minutes, we must have thousands (maybe millions!) of reasons to be happy. And we both decided just making the list made us super happy!
In your ear
The biggest scene was Bilbo meeting Gollum. Despite being told what we were seeing were unfinished effects, Gollum looked great (and again, the 48fps gave him more of a sense of being actually there). The scene was cut a little slackly; I imagine the final version will be tighter. But it was good.
Then that weekend he apologized to me, admitted every mistake, shook and trembled in front of me, vulnerable and honest for the first time.
3. I did a marathon 3 days before I turned 40. I race-walked/powerwalked it in 5:52. It was a life goal - my dad was a marathoner, who died at age 55. It was also a tribute to him and I cried when I crossed the finish line, and my mom was there to put my medal around my neck.
Wait a minute -- so you're telling me that this resting stuff might actually work?
Whatever the color choice, it's clear the Queen is aware of the visual impact she makes - a boon to royal photographers.
So, keep your eyes above for the ever-changing fun!
"Lord, I was born a ramblin' ma-a-a-n.
In Plain Sight - I didn't get into this show until well into it's third season and just watched the series finale this weekend. I love this little watched gem which only got better over time. It plays like a Witness Protection procedural but it's also jammed full of quirky, damaged characters who surprised me with their humanity each episode. To call Mary McCormack's Mary Shannon, 'difficult' is an incorrect use of the word. It's not strong enough. Marshall Shannon is as 'alpha male' as a female can get. Pairing such a sarcastic character with a meterosexual partner ( Frederic Weller as Marshall Mann) was often the source of great comic storytelling. I like that in all the interviews I have seen with McCormack that she varies little from the character she plays on TV.
Are you a fan of the Reno S.D.? Any favorite episodes I missed? Leave a comment!
but that's for another day!
I miss the sound of him sleeping in my study as I read.
I'm sorry? Kids will ENJOY hearing this?
On July 8 1822 the 29-year-old Shelley set off from Livorno with his friend Edward Williams, and their boat boy Charles Vivian, to return home to Lerici. The boat, Shelley's pride and joy, turned out to be badly designed and they did not survive the storm that overtook them on the way. Here are ten fantastic books that explain why he is still a living force 189 years later.
by low cloud and light pollution;
Most agree that taxes should be both fair and equal. If a locality decides that some people deserve inequitable tax treatment, oversight is a good idea. While removing or reducing taxes based on age or ability is a noble thing, it must be balanced with fact that you are simply shifting the tax burden to others."
you could keep walking
text-align: center;
Grease and line a 20cm round cake tin. Preheat oven to 180 C. Put butter, sugar and chocolate in a medium-to-large bowl and melt together in the microwave (I think it took me about 1-2 minutes). Stir in egg yolks and brandy, then ground almonds and polenta. Beat egg whites to the stiff peak stage in a small bowl and fold into the chocolate mixture. Pour into prepared tin and bake for about 30 minutes. Cool in the tin.
To so many though, all that matters is indeed 1994 - the last time these teams met in the Eastern Conference Championship Round. Martin Brodeur is the only one returning from that series eighteen years ago. And over the last two days, Brodeur has made it very clear, he has no particular like of the New York Rangers, nor of the city, or even us fans. And well, that's good. Let's ratchet up the hate then, okay there Maaaaarty?
or being genuinely honest is, in fact, a later concern for me.
I walked on in the evening darkness, and the suburb I entered became more and more quiet.
They are running out of money. They are being cut off.
2012-01-19 16:45
In other news, I've been going through our emergency supply--most of which expired in 2003--and restocking it with all the things we'll need when "the big one" hits. Is your emergency kit well stocked? It should be!
SIMILAR MOVIES: Not a movie, but The Tick reminded me of this. Stripperella as well. Basically, this fell in the category of comedic superhero spoofs, which is a somewhat narrow category.
Happy 3rd birthday, Em! We will miss you, your mommy, and your daddy!
To crowdfund is a symbol that something new is possible. To share stories is to build a road for change. To create is to create something new. To dance is to live.
Apple Jam .
No comment from FCR
Kerry and Penny's first set of patterns is now available in their new Sew-Ichigo shop! It's a lovely set of four kitchen themed designs. I was able to test this one for them. It's called "Ode to a Kitchen Aid." I debated long and hard over various floral prints for a fun and funky Kitchen-Aid mixer but decided that it just wasn't "me." Instead, I went with a clean looking block with a white Kitchen Aid with a metal bowl...just like the one sitting on my counter. I am hoping to use Penny's Kitchen Aid cover tutorial to turn it into a cover for my mixer when time permits. This is a great little block. And it is little-just 6". Did you think it was bigger? When I see the image, I think so too but when you think about the size of selvage dots you realize that it can't be all that big! Here is my hint for you when looking for the perfect selvage for this project--check your novelty prints. They tend to have more colorful circles on the selvage! I'm already looking forward to seeing their next set of patterns.
Thank you to everyone for taking part in the quiz yesterday! As its creator, I admit the results might have been slightly skewed -- and by slightly, I mean there was only one possible outcome: romantic comedy! So I do look forward to seeing Alex Cavanaugh and Matthew Rush embrace their new genre with passion.
Wish the camera could capture the ultra brightness and sparkle of all the bling & shiny paper.
Hell everyone-
The British Fantasy Award shortlist for 2012 has been announced. It's the product of BFS/FantasyCon members making up to three recommendations in each category (two sets of three in best novel), the top four in each category going through, and the juries then adding up to two "egregious omissions". Here are the nominees and a few of my thoughts. I have to admit I didn't recommend much this year, not having read much contemporary fiction in 2011.
Blogroll
I've been having some terrible 'senior moments' just lately. When I was staying at my lovely aunt's house a couple of weeks ago, I turned up for breakfast all dressed but with my nightie still round my waist. She is such a sweetie though (my aunt, not the nightie!) and made me feel much better by sharing a story about going off to church once with a label stuck on her back from some new underwear; the label read: 'scanties'!
Fortunately, though, I'd been horribly ill for almost a month before the start of the race. Whatever cardiovascular training I had missed out on during that time was more than made up for by my non-stop, day-and-night coughing, hard coughing that accomplished nothing because inflamed tissues deep in my body were producing new sputum at the exact rate the old sputum was being ejected. As the 471 of us all gaggled at the starting line, I had a good feeling that my respiratory difficulties, along with the containment uncertainty caused by my two failed attempts to pee immediately before the start, would add just the right adversity to make the experience fun.
THE RISING SONS: I'm Blue
My training for the Clyde Stride 40 mile ultra marathon
What will your letter say?
Thanks so much for all the great and lovely creation of the last week you have shown us.
First I'd like to say that I think about you a lot. I really do mean a lot. Whenever I see a rider on the road, I pass beautiful scenery on the highway, or even passing a Cycle Gear...I think of you. I'm really sorry that I haven't given you the attention you deserve. You've done so much for me. You challenged me, gave me courage, and showed me a good time. The last few months have been tough. I moved to San Jose and lost my usual practice lots...it's getting cold outside...you've been cooped up in the garage forever and now you probably won't even start! I miss you a ton and I'd like to make it up to you. How about this weekend I give you some fresh oil and gas, and we take a short ride around town? It won't make up for the 3 months we've lost, but I think it's a start. What do you think?
Wouldn't it be just my luck to have some wackadoo "stroke of good luck" like this? No, actually. It wouldn't. Because I'm the perpetual raffle ticket holder who never wins a goddamned thing.
Baking powder: 3 tsp
I mean those wonderful ladies who blog about their lives, crafts, shops, etc.?!?!
Years have passed, time we spent
1) Lose 50 to 70 lbs. I know a pretty standard resolution, but I have a plan in place.
Memories play tricks on a tired, strained brain. Time warps. Misunderstanding surges. Words never said, speak of things never promised. Imagination. Delusion. Hope. Big words to explain things going bad. I work to drown. No getting ahead. As spiral thoughts drill me low, flat to the ground, into the worms, a deeper six, that bottle of bourbon sings like a skyward lark.
My regular order: a BLT with egg and cheese without the bacon, and a small royal milk tea
Here's a little card to welcome a new little Baby Brittany into the world... the first daughter for my cousin, so is nice she has a bit of gender mix now... here's hoping this Brittany grows up a bit better than the one in the school uniform, you know that song!
Marinated items such as olives and capers are part of the raw foodie diet and add quite a lot of zing to dishes, so I've been enjoying this tapenade recipe that I adapted from the cookbook Sundays at Moosewood Restaurant. It keeps for about a week in the refrigerator, so making a big batch and then eating it for snacks and lunches can make your life almost cooking free for several days. It's also perfect for taking to parties and sharing with friends.
What a truly excellent adventure! It must be done again!
That should do us for a year or two. No more pepper fits.
I have a pair of course, but I only wear them in height of the summer heat.
It's Bachelorette time! Squee! I can't decide if I love the Bachelor better or Bachelorette. It's like Sophie's choice up in this joint! I mean, on one show there is a bevvy of buxom totally insane chics and maybe one or two normal ones who will never get picked *cough* Melissa *cough*, but on the other show there's utterly idiotic doucheberg's having the most bizarre pissing contest evah.
He said to me: "It is done. I am the Alpha and the Omega, the Beginning and the End. To him who is thirsty I will give to drink without cost from the spring of the water of life. He who overcomes will inherit all this, and I will be his God and he will be my son.
My sports writing on this site, such as it is, is generally reserved for either quirky, weird or historical sports, or for athletes who have some connection to show business. However, we happened to be at a history-making MLB game the other day, and it seems worth recording.
And now we close, as we opened, with a tracking shot. We move to Davis's body, crumpled out of sight beside the wall. Up goes the camera over the wall that was separating the English from Singapore, gliding along to show us the party still in swing. A dissolve back to Davis's bedroom, with the light coming in through the slats and the breeze stirring the still-unfinished lace, then across the floor and back out to the moon, still observing as the English play out their dramas in a place that carried on fine before them and will carry on fine after they leave.
Last year, tickets were shilled on eBay at prices from $2,125 to $4,599 a day after they ran out from Apple. Meanwhile, sellers on Craigslist were asking $800 to $900 above face value.
the holy man replies,
I've never really helped take care of anyone before, so I'm a newb that needs a little in the way of experience. I have cooked some meals, which in itself is a miracle because I'm usually a tv dinner kind of guy. Home made meals taste way better(except for my mashed potatoes, which ended up a potato flavored goop).
9 men
This year, we made some major educational changes. Boys #2-4 are now enrolled in our local public school full-time. That's a big change for a family that's practiced relaxed homeschooling for the past 6-and-a-half years! But you know what? It's working so far.
You keep reading, keep educating yourself and one day you find out that all those fruits and veggies in the supermarket might not be as healthy as you thought they were. All those pesticides and poisons--not to mention that the blimey soil the stuff was grown in probably had no nutrients to pass along in the first place due to being so depleted of life by our wonderful corporate farming techniques. You find out that the flour and sugar you have been baking with has been bleached and processed beyond recognition and the vegetable oil in the cupboard is actually some sort of evil homogenated substance that no one should be consuming--let alone the people you love.
In the first place, Pyle chose to put the "camera" back a ways from the action. That's very different from the "Pulp Cover" approach, where it seems like the painter is trying to get everything happening in your face as much as possible.
Side note: I first imagined this image all colored up in a rainbow of bright, tropical colors; however, with one or two lonely exceptions, rainbows and I just don't play together nicely. I opted for an all-blue bird, thinking the final colored image would be easier to work with. Are you kidding? You could conduct a traffic stop with this shade of blue! And I can assure you not one of my three bazillion pieces of patterned paper has this particular blue in it! All of this to say ... I'm a little skeered posting this one!
I could sleep during fog.
I bought this book from a thrift store.
First, the IDF experienced a major overhaul in tactics, training, equipment and leadership as a result of the 2006 Lebanon War, and they aren't going to be surprised again by Hezbollah, or sent into battle without a coordinated plan.
I now make it a staple of my public talks on energy to ask who in the audience has been to Europe. Usually many hands rise. I then explain that Americans seem to love to get on a jet plane, cross the Atlantic, and spend time in a theme park called Europe where good meals abound; interesting and usually friendly people reside; and beautiful, historic cities and breathtaking countryside are everywhere. What they may not know is that by American standards Europeans live in an energy-starved society where the per capita energy consumption is only half that of the United States.
5) Not only is Mika the best musician in the world (or one of the best, anyway), he. Is. Adorable. Every time I hear his songs I grin like an idiot and every time I see him I grin like an idiot too. All right, so the latter is a bit far-fetched, but really, come on:
You have almost single-handedly, for the first time since Elaine DeFreitas in the early 90s, managed to give people with this severely disabling infectious disease a lot of hope that finally someone is trying to find the virus/viruses that are causing these diseases, and trying to get us proper treatment that has been missing for decades thanks to the concerted efforts of the CDC and the CBT psychiatrists.
Responsible Pet Owners Alliance (501 C3 Nonprofit)
At first homeschooling or in our case, unschooling wasn't on our radar (even though I grew up with a very close friend that was homeschooled). We actually bought a home near an elementary school in the school district that I grew up in. I wanted close proximity so I could be involved, very involved. That was almost eleven years ago. A few years later we had Marco and we were still on with our plan to send him to the elementary school behind our home. A year and a half later, Lili was born and I stayed home with them full time from day one. We practiced Attachment Parenting (See Dr. Sear's link on my side bar) and it worked very well for us. We were very happy. We went to a few groups while our kiddos were very young, La Leche League and a few home play groups. I met a neighbor at the La Leche League group and we became close. We talked often about how life would be so different from our Attachment Parenting lifestyle we have grown accustomed to when our kiddos go to school all day and come home with things we must do with them that the school sends home for the kiddos to do well in school. Instead of being able to spend some time enjoying an re-connecting with our kiddos when they got back home after being away all day. That of course re-opened my memories of HATING homework and what a waste of my time I truly felt it was, especially when it was in subjects I felt were not of terrible importance to me and my future I had foreseen for myself. Actually, I still not sure I use algebra...ever, but maybe I do, if I do, I do not know that I am because I was never taught what algebra looks like in context, only out of context. *Note to self - Find out out algebra looks like in context asap!* I do however use my consumer's math everyday that I went over in
12 Edgar Allan Poe
scroll down and click on Layout.
I received a spam a couple of weeks ago from an outfit called The Best Authors Lounge for a query letter webinar. Intrigued by the sizeable signup fee ($74.99, rising to $99.99 after November 15), as well as the presenter's apparent lack of any professional experience that would qualify her to teach query letter-writing, I decided to investigate further.
I hope you have enjoyed my project! Have a crafty week!
SO BRILLIANT!
I'm hoping you like these as well as the "on location" ones, let me know your thoughts, I'm actually really liking it since I feel you can see the outfit better.
Yay I finished it! I measured the hem when I was done, and it was about 5 metres! Unfortunately I probably won't get to wear it till next year now, as summer seems to be over. I'd feel silly wearing such a summery print and colour when it was cloudy and chilly!
The department had established an emergency operations room, which, said Kota, had been busy since news of the crash broke.
A powerful sandstorm struck Queensland and New South Wales in eastern Australia. This sandstorm is the strongest since 1940.
but un-
It is shown that Left-wing activism is often termed 'moralistic' by its opponents. It is suggested that any idea that moral statements could have truth value is delusory and a moralist is defined as one who accepts such a delusion. A scale was devised to detect the extent to which people use moral criteria in deciding on courses of action. This 'moralism' scale showed a reliability of .90. On a group of one hundred technical college students moralism was found to be high in two groups of respondents -- those who were radical on social issues and those who were conservative on issues of sexual morality. In the second study a polarised sample was obtained by student interviewers in a campus-wide study at the University of New South Wales. The issue was attitude to Apartheid. Anti-apartheid demonstrators were found to have lower moralism scores than the non-demonstrators but their moralism scores correlated highly with social desirability. A second study with Sociology I students confirmed this finding and also showed that demonstrators tended to reject intellectually the notion of an objective Right and Wrong. The high correlation with social desirability is interpreted to indicate however that the radical is strongly drawn to moralism even though he rejects it intellectually.
We sure do love our families and friends! We miss every last one of you. We're so grateful that we've been able to keep close with so many and hear from so many of you. You don't know how much it means to us to just hear from you on Facebook or get a text. It's a pretty lonely time for us right now and we just really appreciate your love and for thinking of us.
They made it very clear to them that they are not going to be able to initiate some kind of nuclear holocaust and be able to get away with it.
Man at the pub who "let a loud one loose".
6) The Lord of The Rings Extended Edition, The Soundtracks and all of the books
When my children were wee, I focused on kitchen safety. I taught them how to properly mix, measure, cut and handle the stove and oven. I taught them how to follow a recipe (and subsequently ignore it completely!) And then I left the kitchen. Turns out, what was stressing me was watching the process and fighting the urge to take over.
The Ugly Truth
This continued off and on for 4 years.
A party spokesman played down any chance of repeating the successes of 2008, telling the BBC:
Following the massage, we talked to the massuers who said they prefer the shells because they are smoother and keep the heat in better. I really enjoyed the shells and almost purchased some to bring home.
I had one of these containers from the dollar store. I think it may be a remote control holder.
Regular readers will be happy to know that today is a no-whining day here at TAC. I am a happy dude.
As if I needed a reason for endless cups of coffee...duh.
I'm finishing up on my last science unit of the year, Earth Science. This freebie is for a fun activity that involves students taking core samples of a cupcake. I even added a few fossils, raisins and chocolate chips. This was my first attempt at this but I think it turned out ok. Some of the layers ran together a little. I'm thinking I might bake each layer a few minutes before pouring in the next batter layer. My best friend and colleague suggested using Jello. The layers would be a lot clearer I think. Also, I found the plastic tubes in a science kit, but if you can't find something that will work, try rolling up and taping overhead transparency sheets into a tube. If you have any suggestions or comments, I would love to hear from you! Click the picture for your free copy and good luck as you continue to make magic in your classroom!
4. Yellow House
All the snow was nearly gone here in small-town America. That can only mean one thing... more snow! The forecast of a coating to 1" somehow became several inches & still falling. Seriously? And to top it all off, the phone rang at 5:44am. Scared the bee-gee-bees out of me! James answered to a deep voice recording saying "no school today!" Yep, here in small-town they wake you up to tell you that you can return to bed. Love it! *note sarcasm* But the kiddos are still quiet in their beds & we will enjoy a midweek break from school. Love easy-peasy days! However,
And for my wife, I can't post some of the things I'm getting her on here because she might read it, but I'm handmaking a few arts-and-crafts type things for her to show my love and devotion.
12 West 27th Street b/w Sixth Ave and Broadway
The creation of the ancient Adamic race was accompanied by the formation of dark rain clouds that gathered in the heavens. It must have truly been a fearful time for the dark-skinned pre-Adamites way back in those ancient days, --- considering that this strange occurrence was also accompanied by unfamiliar angry voices speaking from the heavens in the form of thunder and lightning.
30-Where would you most like to be right now?
9. Shows arrogant, haughty, patronising or contemptuous behaviours or attitudes.
He walks with a barren heart, he knows not of love
I feel a particularly sharp elbow from one side and hear a faint continued chant on the other. I look behind me to see a group of 4 feet tall grannies chatting trying to make their way to the gate. I attempt to shield them from the elbows and shoving as we are pushed ever-closer to the Seokguram Bell. It occurs to me at this point that I have lost sight of Hiro and Hideki.
Xavia Ali Vicente
Early Clinical Stage Products 16
There is also a long and wide-ranging essay here which highlights the convergence between conservative and neo-liberal or libertarian ideas: "From the 1950s to the present, libertarianism has been an important and influential - arguably the most influential - stream of thought on the Right, informing both Republican policy making and conservative ideology more generally". The author faults libertarianism, however, for not coming to terms with the fact that lots of people seem to WANT big government and says that it is only the New York neoconservatives who are realistic about that fact. He presents the neoconservatives as being the practical, pragmatic dealers in political reality. He does definitely have a point but I would argue that no libertarian is unaware of how difficult it is to implement any part of a libertarian agenda and that ALL conservatives compromise with the possible. The difference is that the libertarians have the clearest vision of the direction in which they want to head -- and the best evidence that their ideas work for the general betterment.
And yet it feels more than paper. It feels like she whispered to me, her little hummingbird spirit flitting around my ear, whispering, "You didn't dream me, Mama. I was here. I was real. You don't have to do anything anymore, but just rest."
may the clay dance
It is great projects which includes upgrades, installations and wireless networking, and I am loving every minute of it!
Flexibility and simplicity should be emphasized in order to promote compliance.
In the image above, the background used is a photo album cover that's become shredded with age - it's intense texture makes a great pattern. But it's so highly textured that the earrings are lost in the pattern- great for an artist shot, but hardly making them stand out as a product.
"She IS cleaning, Mom," Mercy still standing at my side confirmed. I looked down at her, puzzled. If Liberty was cleaning, then what was the tattling all about?
major points for being thoughtful, creative and healthy. you done good boy.
But it is true! My primary school teacher was not wrong, she was warning us what it would be like in the future! There are a million things I want to do and I want to do them NOW, but a standard day, as it stands with it insufficient measly 24 hours does not facilitate my random need to:
Not wishing to be bored
I may be only twenty-one but I've had a few girlfriends and me fair share of heartache and trash!
Not too shabby for 40k miles. I blew all the dust out, and put the wheels back on. I also replaced the hydraulic hood prop that had given up the ghost. The hydraulic props are nice, but they only last a few years before the pressure slowly bleeds out of them, and then they don't hold the hood open.
Lesson 3
Have a great Monday.
1/2 C coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, 1/2 C coarsely chopped fresh mint, 1/2 in piece fresh ginger (peeled and chopped), 3/4 C extra-virgin olive oil, 3/4 C rice vinegar, 1/2 tsp sugar, 1/2 tablespoon lime juice, salt and pepper. Puree in a blender until smooth, season with salt and pepper.
Paul Taylor and I collaborated on a TinyTLF demo for 360|Flex last fall that used a quadratic Beizer spline to form left and right vertical constraints for dynamic text layout. After the demo, a few people said it would be really cool to see the text scroll. The idea scroller, however, should be organic to match the text boundaries, just as a vertical scroller matches a straight-line text boundary. Since the spline boundary is dynamic, this means the scroller track and thumb should be dynamically drawn.
I wore this outfit on christmas day, this gorgeous dress fits me like nothing fits me and the color is just amazing. YES I should've ironed it MOM but I didn't 'cause I'm a lazy mofo. I'll wrinkle it again anyways. We made kilo's of sushi and chocolate mousse which was so good (we ate sushi the day after that too *drools*), watched 'The muppet christmas carol' and exchanged our little gifts. I got 'The Lion king' from my boyfriend which was incredibly sweet. I have been talking about buying some disney movies for a while now and we always sing songs from 'the lion king' and steal quotes from it so it was a lovely start to what will undoubtably be a big collection of my favorite childhood movies. The first movies that come to mind when I think of awesome disney, besides 'the lion king', are definitely 'the rescuers' (both of them), 'Robin Hood', 'Aladdin', 'the fox and the hound', 'The hunchback of the notre dame', 'The little mermaid'... man, I'm probably forgetting loads of them, I totally forgot how much I love all of these movies. I'll probably cry my eyes out when I see them again, it's been at least 8 years or so since I've seen most of them. Simpler times, sniffles. Anyways, I got him a Christopher Hitchens book, he was a brilliant writer and a great thinker. Here lovelies, the last outfit post in 2011 (but not the last outfit from 2011!).
In other news, it's my husband's birthday today! We celebrated with friends over the weekend, but I want to wish him a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY here on the ol' blog. Happy 29th!!
May good and faithful friends be yours,
And so did the stool.
Skin: Lene- Mother Goose (Free Lucky Board)
Article 26
is an expose by a black preacher of the obamas. He says Michelle was forced to give up her license
Doug: This is a great cover, isn't it? If I had been a Hulk fan when I was 11, Ernie Chan would have made me buy this.
To serve to those, in spirit, poor,
Despite the overwhelming desire to believe the answer is positive the question must remain unanswerable.
A month or so back I read an article that some religious group (twas either Southern Baptists or a Evangelical Christian group but despite internet searches I can not find the article) was urging a boycott of the film. The group claimed that the Tintin works were both racist and promoted alcoholism. The article explained that the issue wasn't with the movie but the collection of books.
Health Food at a Super Bowl Party?
The bagels rested until they were able to float in water and and then into the fridge they went for overnight. I made 10 large bagels and 4 small bagels (formerly snakes). I thought Charlotte might enjoy a Charlotte sized bagel.
OCTOBER
Publisher- The Writer's Coffee Shop Publishing House
I am excited to say that SOLO has already sold out of their sunglasses! But never to quit on a dream, SOLO is kickstarting their campaign to raise funds to produce their summer line of sunglasses. So far, $4,500 has been raised by 77 people.
Carlos - you were terrific. You played with heart and passion and you showed up every day. You didn't whine and complain, you just went out and played where they put you. And I will always smile when I think of you completely getting into Jeff Weaver's head last year when you hit the homer off him. That was just wonderful!
Ages ago I started a post about expat friendships. They are funny things you see. I started off by saying:
I want to be like my almost three year old son. Who lives wildly and loudly, seeking adventure and questioning everything.
The room was a rectangular shape with the door and a large window with blinds on the short left side of the room, on the long front side of the room were the beds & chest-of-drawers & a few other things, on the long back side of the room was the bathroom & storage closet & maybe a laundry room, and I had three laptops set up in the room & I was fixing them.
-glazed pecan
- The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. This is a special mention because I think both film versions (the original Swedish and the recent David Fincher "American" version) are better than the book. This is a rare case where the novel had a great story, but it was weighed down by hundreds of pages of needless backstory, which the movies cut out and effectively cleaned up the plot by doing so.
Ah, the problem of kummel rises again. What to do when a recipe calls for a liqueur I don't have and can't get easily. In the past, I have followed Erik Ellestad's example and just substituted aquavit and a bit of simple syrup. But on this occasion after talking to my friend Dayne, he told me that I should use Benedictine in place of the syrup to get closer to the actual flavor of kummel. Because I have never tasted kummel I have no idea how well this worked, but this little tipple was delicious. The flavors were herbal and complex. A certain sweetness was present, but the dryness of the champagne and the bitters provided balance. Because of the sugar-lining a certain amount of sugar puddled in the bottom of the glass, which caused bubbles to continuously rise through the glass as a result of each sip. The effect is much like what happens when you add the sugar cube when making a champagne cocktail. The Imperial Cossack Crusta was a very surprising cocktail that we will definitely revisit in the future.
An instant classic that recently joined the ranks of 'affordable gourmet' stationed in the bourgeoning foodie mecca that is Culver City, the place is named after a a railway line in the London Underground (aka "the Tube") - that only services two train stations "Waterloo", and "City" (for London City) - which, according to the website, is where Executive Chef Brendan Collins' initiated his youthful adventures.
This picture was taken from my computer. So I sit at a desk in that lilac chair- but behind me I also have an enormous closet that will house my printer, a desk for my laptop where I do my CAD magic, and all my junk. The wall in there has the opportunity to be insane and fabulous, and since the doors close I am going to stress the insane part. There is also a guest bed in here, so that way I can close the insanity and folks can get a peaceful nights sleep.
I've been watching an extraordinary agent at work throughout this convention and I have to say--I've learned more from watching her for a couple of days than I have from all my research over the past few years. I've been learning the language of the sale.
I was planning on making 5 trips with plastic tubs in my hatchback to the city dump, where there's free compost (this stuff has been magic in my garden). On the first trip I met a guy who flagged me down, offered to help me load my car, then offered to deliver all the compost I'd need for a modest fee. Local landscaping companies would've charged five times as much. I was a happy camper who doesn't like camping.
a frame;
Cookie Face Race
Vandaag start er een nieuwe uitdaging bij The Sketchy Challenge en dit is mijn eerste uitdaging als Design Team member! Deze sketch is ook gelijk van mijn hand, dus ik ben best wel een beetje trots.
And I sunned it with smiles,
Lentils have become a staple around here. They are so versatile and tasty. They've gone and done it again here. I didn't miss the meat one bit! We should really have more vegetarian meals. We rarely eat red meat at home as it is but we do eat a fair amount of chicken.
of those whose lives will follow.
In a way, these critics are right: writing is easy. At least it is if you are content to produce mediocre writing. After all, you only need to type a bunch of words that go together, right? All you have to do is think up some characters and have them interact with each other in a story, right?
The recent Occupy Wall Street movement has caused my natural cynicism and my natural populism to collide in a most confusing way. On the one hand I love anything that involves sticking in to the plutocracy, but on the other hand I wonder who is paying for the data plans that are allowing the youth of America to tweet the revolution.
I had him go through it to decide what he wanted to keep, and what he wanted to get rid of. I did the same thing with my side of the closet. Though I will admit to purging less, only because I am pregnant and before I got pregnant this time, I still hadn't lost all of the baby weight from the first (they will be 18 months apart). So I'm keeping the majority of my clothing until I return to normal size. I did get rid of several pices
Megan x
We invite all interested people to come, particularly academicians and practitioners in the fields of sociology, anthropology, psychology, education, child and adolescent development, and intercultural studies. Also those involved with immigrants, refugees, minorities, ethnicities, expatriates, international adoptees and other related areas, are welcome. Only $75.00 per person (includes two breakfasts, two lunches, registration)
The roads in Alaska are ALWAYS glazed over with ice. Unlike the lower-48 states where the snowplows keep the roads clean; here in Alaska we have so much snow, that it is always ice covered and dangerous. Whiteouts occur with little or no warning, and oftentimes the weather will change in a heartbeat. Those who venture out into the remote areas have to keep basic survival supplies in the car, or they could potentially die within a few miles of the nearest gas station. Most small (mom & pop) gas stations close a little after dark-thirty.
Anyway, here was the spread:
You will need your finished molds.
Reception: Villa Ragusa in Campbell, CA (Alison was amazing!)
The postie brought me a nice surprise this morning, a cheque for a tenner from The Kevins. I'd resigned my membership, and they were nice enough to agree to refund me part of my subscription. Thus ends 12 years.
Baked sunflower seeds
JP was in and out of the hospital, but still was able to live on his own, very close to the family, but still independent. Finally, it all caught up, and he wound up in Lankenau with many different things adding up to big things, including pneumonia and being HIV-positive. He spent months at Lankenau. One day, we were a few minutes delayed , and he passed away just before we walked into his hospital room.
And in the end, I know that my work, my work ethic and my life as an artist are all pretty suteki.
4. It advocates good things like self-control (e.g. the Cullens refusing to drink human blood, Edward's wish for sex only after marriage) which - lets be honest - a lot of teens need to learn.
between 4 and 7 members, and there was also a bit of experimenting with
Through mail art exchanges in the 90's I became acquainted with a third of the true color artists. I still have all of their art cards and the richly embellished envelopes they sent me back in the day. Those alone would be fodder for a fabulous book!
He looked like he was from India.
Well the college football season has ended and I'm not gonna lie it makes me sad. Sad enough that I really almost cried, I now have to wait 8 months for the next season which will seem like an eternity. But as I think about how long I have to wait I start to think about the kids who have just played their last game and college football will not return in 8 months. I'm thinking of one athlete in particular... he was one of those guys who gradually grabbed your eye. He did things on the field that seemed impossible. He made defensive coordinators lose sleep the night before a game. He was one of those rare abilities that only comes every 30 or 40 years.
6" x 8" Oil
Everybody says the final solution to the RACE problem is for EVERY white country and ONLY white countries to bring in the third world and assimilate with them.
and loud with hilarity. I ate whatever I was offered
When we drove around the AY footprint and environs, I pointed out occasional signs opposing the project. Yormark, not inaccurately, observed that they were relatively few. I cautioned that the level of concern was likely greater than indicated.
It's not every day one dives into the query pool. In fact, as writers we spend months perfecting our lists, knowing what to shoot for, when to send it out, and when the fear will subside just long enough to hit send.
Well, today is my 40th birthday...whoohoo lol Had a lovely day with the other half and had a nice family day yesterday....Ive had more cake in that time than I do in a year....think I might have to rejoin Weight Watchers!
Good thing all caps makes something clear.
24 inches of snow was dumped on my little part of Pa.
In a very small space between the hands
Now to move on.
So I framed it with these cute metal trinkets from Teresa Collins. It really closes in the photo and brings the eye right where it should be.
1. in the 90's I had jumper that was the exact same color and fabric as that skirt. In fact, I'm pretty sure my mom had one, too.
Have a lovely Sunday. A demain.
Since I'm not going to be able to be at my son's class holiday party tomorrow, I was volunteered to make the card for his teacher from the kids. To keep it pretty holiday neutral, I chose a snowman and winter theme. My "go-to" snowman are drawn by Zlatoena- you can tell I love them because I have so many of them:))
I LEARN SOMETHING NEW EVERY DAY
along with a few standards, Californian handroll (fresh crab, they
Warmest wishes for the new year and welcome to all, and an especially warm welcome to those of you who are new to this list. There's something in this newsletter for writers, anyone interested in Mexico, Iceland, undercover CIA agents (yeah!) and West Texas.
a hint of paint (someone somewhere must be decorating)
This necklace comes with a free hello kitty pouch where you can store this necklace in, or use it as storage for your mp3/ipods.
Fixtures: Iris, Litecontrol, Lithonia Lighting and Alkco
The only thought that was going through my head was "Not this time, It's way before Midnight, we're going this time and I'm getting me some flipping pancakes". Just as we were about to leave my cell rang. It was Sigma, he wanted to hang out but he was still at the very until the next ferry came in since he works in Manhattan (10:30 boat). Figuring we could still go to Ihop after we took a trip to the island side terminal to get him I told him we pick him up. Then he told me not to forget his woman either (Sita). After getting her we started to head to the ferry, however about half way there she got a text. He had missed the boat, and since it was the weekend the next ferry wouldn't ship off until 11:30. It takes about 25 minutes for it to cross over. By the time he would get island side Ihop would once again be closed.
or more to fall
6/10
Using the new Rectangle STAX Die-namics I and II (available May 1st), I die cut her out with my Vagabond machine. Then I die cut the Large Royal Rose Die-namics and Leaf Die-namics out of My Favorite Felt English Rose and Sour Apple.
Again, our thanks to Roger and Eve for sharing this great ride with us.
people they know.
I'm extremely proud of all of them!!
I saw my break coming & made a rush to get out! Once I got out, I noticed the sun was about to be swallowed by a second cloud!
Please share, if you are willing.
Couldn't find out more than this about Barry Benson: He was P.J. Proby's hairdresser. Well, if that was enough qualification to record four singles for Parlophone and one for Page One, why not... Both sides of this Larry Page production contain songs made popular by The Troggs. ( The a-side was "Cousin Jane".) +++
Most recently at Legrande Filles et Fils, a quaint wine bar tucked away in the Galerie Vivienne, a lovely consortium of restaurants and boutiques. It was early evening and Fred and I were the first customers. We grabbed two seats at the corner and ordered our wine. Shortly thereafter, two middle-aged American women walked in and plopped themselves and tons of shopping bags down on the stools next to ours. They picked up the wine list and made a big production about not knowing where the different regions were and whether Saint Emilion was in Bordeaux. I finally told them yes, mainly to shut them up, and then Fred politely explained the different regions to them.
Some people think love is too much to bear
While Janus seemed to balance his two faces evenly in looking back and looking forward, I seem to have a slight bias to looking ahead at the time of New Year.
12 oz (1 can) diet soda
8. Garnish with chopped coriander leaves and serve hot.
- Dermatological effects
I sat down on the bar stool. Man it feels good to take a load off!
things with scarves
And so those of us who ordered digital versions have an installer that just says this when you launch it.
*Sorry but any entry not following rules will be deleted and not eligible for the prizes*
Speaking of making it easy, a short and sweet PDF of performer information goes a LONG way in getting booked. What I dislike most is receiving emails with no pictures, no video links, and simply, "I really would like to perform at your show etc etc. My acts are XYZ." One can talk the talk, but I need to see you walk that walk! Images and clips are critical. I DO look at everything everyone sends me, and video clips are especially important. It doesn't need to be fancy or lit magnificently. I look for the following qualities:
Let me show you the way
Dorie's Rugelach
"You're bleeding Jess .. " he makes a hesitant gesture towards her face as he notices the trickle of blood extending from her right nostril. She disbelievingly wipes her top lip with her hand. Within seconds, she begins to convulse, a writhing mess on the floor being restrained by four men. She's foaming at the mouth and growling like a dog, her back contorted before she relaxes with the loosening of a bowel movement and takes her last gasp.
I decided to only add a small pop of color to the cheeks and left the rest of image alone to shine!
Discover ten of the most important things to consider before beginning any kind of renovation. Save yourself a lot of time and money by putting in some careful planning and decision making before you start renovating your home.
Those additional sums could help the city and state housing agencies fulfill more of the pending requests, but not, apparently, all of them.
What a total honour to get to sing with you guys and hear your AMAZING harmonies on my songs. It made me feel really lucky.
Jackson has also become quite talkative, and I fall in love everytime he "talks" to me. He can carry on a full conversation with such a serious look on his face, only everything he says is "Jackson talk". Other than the Jackson talk, however, he has learned quite a few words, which is what I'm dedicating this blog to. Here is what we are hearing our little boy say these days:
I'm also surprised that this husband and wife team were not arrested under one of the numerous anti-terrorism laws we have inherited from nuLabor. Certainly questionable behaviour to say the least.
RachelYeomans Yes! For Twitter, you start w/ building an audience, then maybe host a twitter contest and then perhaps a twitter chat!
Sentiment computer generated
Rissad dug a hand into his pocket and drew out what looked like a bundle of golden rods, linked by intricate tooling in some darker metal at both ends. It looked like-
Eternal joy and peace await those who grow in the grace of generosity that flows from compassionate hearts. Doctrine and Covenants 163:9
The food and agriculture companies that give money to the IoM represent some of the most evil corporations in the world, including Monsanto which seeks to dominate the world food supply through its GMO seed technologies.
Albuquerque Police Union Stops Special Payments to Officers Who Shoot
As much as I love getting away, I believe in being reunited with Holden almost as much as the trip itself. I believe in getting attacked by his slobber and having him act extra clingy for an entire week afterwards.
I started the blog as a "virtual baby book" for Olivia and to keep family and friends up to date on our life, and that's still who a majority of my readers are. But then I met my amazing January mama friends, and they introduced me to a bigger blogging community. And people I don't really know suddenly became important to me - and I felt like they became an important part of my life.
on quality cotton fabric. Then we sewed them
And MOST IMPORTANT of all - (well VERY exciting for me) this week you started saying Mama!! You started by saying 'Ma' for a few days, then it progressed to Mama, and my heart melted :)
mission accomplished
I bet when I shoulda folded, folded when I shoulda bet. Even when I was the dealer - which came really, really early in the evening - I flipped over cards, misdealt, and generally irritated the regular poker players (see Wikipedia entry under "Crack Whores").
Over on Saints and Spinners, a fellow blogger is discussing the question of telling stories (see her post on July 29th.) Stories, that is, from another cultural group. That blogger is a storyteller, and she's left Native stories alone, because she's not sure if it's appropriate, what permissions are involved, etc.
3. Security for costs placed into Court by BAT after its initial hearing were in Shs 20,000,000/- Kenya Shillings (or $275,000 at today's exchange rate);
So Tacheles is soon to close. Who cares? I don't. Well, I do, but only in that what will replace it will be another episode in Berlin's vain chase for the upscale tourist dollar, which is almost certainly bound to fail. Oranienburger Str. has long since lost its hip! edgy! cachet to the pub crawling EasyJetters and mass-market clothing stores. And I care because I have memories of when the area was actually culturally vital, before real-estate speculators moved in and turned Berlin-Tokyo into the Beverly-Hills-on-bad-acid of the Rosenhof. But I've packed away those memories, just like I've packed away the memories of the magazine which was going to bear that headline. As long as Berlin stays poor and cheap, there will be bohemians and artists taking advantage of that fact. And once they've made a neighborhood interesting, the real-estate sharks will move in and the artists will move on and the bohemians will have their tough choices to make again.
What is Education
But a couple of decades later, my statement that the Bulldogs are my favorite team is a true sign of commitment. (Cheering for them over the last few seasons has given me cause to think that perhaps I need to be committed.)
I LOVE these 2 layouts
There have been a couple of thousand comments in Malay on YouTube to this. DAP followers should read these responses as the public reaction bears closer examination.
In large bowl, combine cucumbers, cantaloupe, lime juice, jalapeno, ginger and mint.
12.The Measure(SA)-Fear of Commitment
Judge Sexton said the law was intended to protect young girls too immature to make proper choices about sexual activity and deal with the consequences.
1/4 Cup Low Fat Buttermilk
10/13 Wichita, KS @ The Anchor
Here is my sister, Michelle, and me, in my blue blouse.
I dressed to match the cool, wintery day.
We will miss the quirky, grumpy, chatty, bossy, loveable Derby Stores and the butchers and the fish and chip van on a Tuesday night. We will miss Lammas Land and the walk across the little oasis of feral fenland to the centre of town. We will miss the amazing variety of birdlife we managed to attract into our tiny garden and the easy access out on to Grantchester Meadows.
Georgia has an appointment tomorrow for IV meds and a quick visit with Dr. Neff. He's almost fully recovered from his back surgery, and we're glad that he's back in the office, telling corny jokes and talking in crazy accents. But no monkey walking - yet. : )
I worked really hard, burned out, and then was way too hard on myself for feeling so. The result? More burn-out.
Wander over if you will. Don't judge too harshly. Know that once it's up and running, I'll let you all know! Heck, I may even throw a party.
* Let the kids choose one of the kids kits at Hobby Lobby (hopefully when they are on sale), and take a day to actually do it!
Alex and I watched a BBC animated version of A Midsummer Night's Dream several years ago. Last night I watched the first of the 3 parts of Julius Caesar. (You can Google parts 2 and 3.) I plan on watching the entire movie with Alex.
Okay Joe... you didn't have to get me a gift... but thanks.
I haven't had time to update my blog lately, because I've been busy doing orders for Easter pages, and also for ebay. Below are several of the sets that I've recently completely. If you're interested in getting any of these themes, just drop me a line at lighthouselover2000@verizon.net. All of my pages range from $34.99 - $42.99 per set, depending on how much time is involved in making them.
Had a son naturally, was so happy about that victory. 2 months passed by and post partum depression was setting in. I was getting angry easily and did my first half ass suicide attempt by taking tylenols and such. Was brought to the hospital in Calgary, was then released shortly after.
& then I immediately open anything that looks like a calendar or event announcement or party invitation.
Really loved looking at all the gorgeous falling leaves on your fab cards this week... I love Autumn/Fall the best time of the year for me.Thanks so much for your entries.
Read the rest of this bizarre story by clicking on the link above.
Hello everyone and welcome to our third challenge here at Hookedoncraft. Thanks to all who entered our second challenge and we had an overwhelming response of 223!
many of my little treasures that I use to create these
you might recall when i first cut my hair in preparation for losing it all due to chemo (watch it HERE). justin and i went together. we took before and after pictures and video. it was quite the ordeal. i went from happy, to furious, to mostly not happy. i hated my first hair cut. i walked out of the salon and yelled lots of four letter words. i hated it. not sure if i hated the hair cut or just hated that i had to cute my hair altogether. either way it was a dramatic, emotional, tough day. but we made it. i made it through 12 chemo treatments and held on to some of my hair. i started wearing a hat in mid december when it started to get real thin. it kept getting thinner and thinner but i never lost it all. so i decided not to shave it but opted for to keep my thinning hair and wear a hat. i own several hats but my grey hat always seems to be my first choice. kinda gross that i wore the same exact hat for basically 14 weeks. that might be a little weird. but it seemed normal to me. i basically wanted to wear my hat for as long as i could and then wait a little until it started to grow back and then we would go short. pixie cut style. since that it was justin has wanted since day one. but i was never ready.
resounding chord
Down. But well done to Khairul Fahmie Che Mat for saving 4 goal attacks from Singapore. He definitely deserves for best player title tonight.
Feliz Navidad, paella
Once I read Kathy Lynn Hall's post about Indie authors seeking the authority of other indies as leaders, I wanted to give it a wider audience. Please read it and consider. Is another ruler what indies want or need after working so hard to escape the authoritarian traditional publishing regime?
i also love these shots of nate (one of the sweetest daddies there ever was) and his three bellas.
Yes I pray for guidance daily and I listen to Murphy as best I think I can but even the generally accepted 'He'll tell you when he's ready' just isn't enough for a father like me.
him. And barely a week after the
The Magic of Flying
D lock and cable
HT: Follow your own style. If it's something you were meant to do, you will find an audience. Also, don't allow your worth to be translated in what people write about you.
I, for one, am looking forward to being part of it. Hope to see you there.
It looks like a hot mess.
Im interested to hear what fellow bloggers/public think about this situation.
genesis of passion
Cream the butter and sugar in a large bowl or mixer, add in the egg and mix to combine, add in the vanilla extract and combine.
As a result, here 2 detoxification guidelines that can help:
Love be, do know
Van's Whole Wheat Waffles
I like the NBC one best, they broadcast the first hour of the Today show all day without commercials,
I am unwritten, can't read my mind, I'm undefined
The article's premise is based on a piece of junk research done by Nielsen (on Apple's behalf) that purports to demonstrate that...
Please include a message about yourself, which charity you'd like to support and your twitter handle if you have one.
Today I wanted to share something I made for my granddaughter's birthday coming up next week! (She doesn't go on the computer or I'd be worried about her seeing this! LOL). Anyway.... for Christmas she got one of the American Girl doll's doggies, and that makes 2 doggies for her now and she really wanted a bed for them. So.... since I made her curtains for her room, I bought extra fabric to make sheets and pillows for her AG doll bed, and this little doggie bed. The doggie bed at AG costs $22.00! You're kidding!!! LOL! Anyway.... this month's set, Paw Prints from Our Daily Bread designs provided the perfect little paw print stamp for the inside fabric. I stamped it with Stazon Ink directly on some fabric. When stamping on fabric, you want to let the stamp rest on the fabric for a moment longer than on you do on paper, to be sure it has absorbed all the ink.
What's interesting is my total conviction that although things are not so great financially right now, they will get better. The getting better might be greatly facilitated by my getting off my ass and finding an additional job - but something (probably irresponsibility) is preventing me from taking that course. Something else seems... pending. I have started writing again suddenly, and it is not just a meandering trickle of over emotionalized clap trap about my hurt feelings or my wounded sense of entitlement. It is ever so much better than that - but I am not ready to share it yet. Soon.
Please do pop on over to the challenge blog and check out my team mates fabulous creations. We would love it if you joined in the challenge too - you dont have to use a MC image but we would love it if you did.
frosts one cake or 24 cupcakes
With a deserved reputation for leading the way, the Patents Court is well placed to help the UK courts in areas where they are underperfoming -- as is the case in providing open justice.
Oh, my absent love
5. Price-wise, I think it's a great deal! For $79 we got the whole kit, which includes the instruction brochure and a DVD, 2 cans of bond paint (which are taken out and tinted at the paint counter), 1 large bottle of De-Glosser, 1 can of Protectant Finish, scrub pads, Decorative Glaze (we didn't use this option), and even applicators for the Decorative Glaze. I didn't really price it out individually, but from what I can tell we got a great deal and the convenience of it is definitely worth it!
I've joined a running group to do more races.
Seven months. That's how long ago since the last time I used this computer. As a blogger, that's a major sin of omission.
Baseball
The class is only $20 and we used the brand new Graphic 45 Old Curiosity Shoppe range and Imaginarium Designs Chipboard! You need to book and pay on the day at the Seriously Scrapbooking stand at the expo and spots are limited!
The layered flower started with a piece of cheesecloth, topped with a pink fabric rose from Frogfeathers on Etsy, a tea-stained Hug Snug bow,a pink felt flower made of small die-cut felt hearts, and a couple Prima flowers with a little touch of clear glitter...
More Than Two Million People Reached
It's true that as you get all old and shit you return to the tastes of your childhood. Specifically, those tastes that come loaded down with artificial colorings, guar gum, polysorbate 80 and monosodium glutimate. It probably has a lot to do with the soft texture and oversalted, fat-laden mouth feel too, but whatever it is, you go back to it in times of uncertainty, like when you're travelling and you don't know where's good to eat. Like we did.
I know I must have done something wrong since other bakers have been able to get theirs to stripe properly, but mine didn't.
Mandatory entry: Follow this blog via google friend connect (on my sidebar) and leave a comment letting me know. (1 entry)
normalize the natural process of homeostasis throughout the body.
Insanity? Probably, but at least it would be a different sort of insanity than I have been experiencing recently.
p.s. To me, this movie seems to be more the scheming of someone craving attention and the approbation of her tribe, than an act of social revolution. But then again, I am an ignoramus, and I know nothing about social politics. Oh one last thing, did I mention it has hot lesbians in it?
Crossgates & Whinmoor
Of course, after a violation of a statute, the executive could refrain from prosecuting the offender or even pardon him. Until the legislature changed the law, however, neither the legislature nor the executive could simply tell a favored person that he was not bound by it.
Peters
Here's one more chocolate cake recipe for Cinco de Mayo: Buttermilk Mexican Chocolate Cake. I adapted this from a recipe in Southern Living a few years ago. I've added ground chiles and used Taza Mexican Chocolate with Chiles for a little more kick. I usually bake this pound cake in a bundt pan. This is quick and easy and delicious.
To say I was tired last night is an understatement!!
Terence Fernandez and Azril Annuar ask the questions to the straight-talking Jerantut MP.
Hope you find time to join in.
Why..?
Hope everyone is having an excellent week. I'm off to work--just for the fun of it!
- Mofro 1:30 PM (Front Porch Funk from the swamps of Florida)
Don't forget to leave us some comment love and spread the word about our Celebration week--there might be something lucky to give away for someone!
1 march
Now I'm going to get tucked into my PJs as fast as I can, and see if I can't squeeze in enough time to watch the Downton Abbey Christmas Special! I've already been spoiled for it, but I still can't wait!
"He's here," Derue pointed. He stood within a long hall lined with cells, a man stood beside him, swarthy and old, but calm, seeming to have mastered whatever fears or concerns he felt. Derue practically danced with nervous energy, his eyes darted from Gytha to the cell, back and forth till the cleric stepped inside.
putting an end to your despicable trafficking in human flesh and
1 unequivocal
Once Upon a Time Fairytale Candle Favors
It was seasonal but he made it to the end.
The trouble is in our mental-minds. We have a deeply rooted idea that we are separate, a deeply engrained belief. This causes a split between what we think and what we intuitively know; a distance between our heads and our hearts.
When you think about living somewhere countless of other people have lived, it really makes it easy to wanna just run in hide in the corner. All the potential germs can make you sick. So you just need to spend a day cleaning it and sanitizing it yourself so you can feel comfortable in your new home.
So I pop a lot of pills of the supplement variety. I drink a lot of wheatgrass juice. In the mornings I like to brew liqorice-root and cinnamon infused green tea to be sipped (and to hopefully cancel out some of the negative effects) right alongside my several cups of morning coffee. I eat a lot of broccoli and spinach. I chew on flax seeds. I drink incredible amounts of water. I buy organic.
Perhaps I cut a size too large? It's a bit loose.
He had told them that he wished to make a gesture to show his thanks to them for the services their order had given local people in the past, in honour of his father's memory.
6. As of know, you are arguably the 2nd worst President America has ever had. Who knows, you might even beat George Bush to the title before long.
But I like snacking, and sweets, and going to sleep in the AM.
Black Ink by Making Memories
Netherwing rep is somewhat time consuming to get. First you need to complete all the quests in Shadowmoon Valley that relate to the Netherwing. Then there are dailies. The number of dailies you can do increases as your reputation increases. Finally, you can farm the rare spawn eggs and hand in as many of these as you can find a day. They are located all over the Netherwing daily area and in the fortress to the north. Once you are Exalted you will be given a quest to go to Shattrath where you can select one of the drakes. You then go back to Shadowmoon Valley where you can buy the rest.
- TGWD
There was some comment about the bad behavior. But what really upset the Canadians was that the Canadian players were sipping American suds.
/opt/VRTS/docs/vxfs_ag.pdf
Thank you for reading. Have a wonderful day!
But this is not about a movie and I only make reference to the Anna and the King because the restaurant I just ate at has the Victorian-style chairs which were used on the movie set of Anna & The King. In fact I may have sat in the same chair that Jody and Mr. Fat sat in.
Wrecked is a seductive contemporary reimagination of The Little Mermaid, with a paranormal twist, from debut author Anna Davies.
I think this may be the first time since perhaps episode 1 that all the cast members had screen time, and today, the show pulls off some compelling developments that steadily push the stories forward.
Liquid Ingredients:
over Mt.
An academy spokesman, Lt. Col. John Bryan, defended the choice of McClary and said the planned prayer gathering is optional and inclusive of a broad spectrum of religious views.
Lincoln Center Theater-65th Street, btwn. Broadway and Amsterdam
This month on Gormandize with A-dizzle and K-bobo I've been experimenting with recreating some delicious and classic Iranian dishes in a vegan friendly manner. It's been such a delicious month and I have to give a huge thank you to the person who requested that I feature Iran - what a great choice!! But now it has come to an end - so here is a recap of the tasty treats featured. I hope you enjoyed the learning journey with me. If you'd like to get in on it and request a country for me to feature then head over to this post. Here is what we ate over the last month:
Do you love the wings? Keep 'em on... Do you want the option to have her without the wings? Cut 'em off! lol... How's that for options?
After the usual pleasantries, and formality BS, we got right into the interview. Mark talked about the company, what they were looking for etc. Then he started asking me questions. Everything from my work in school, my ability to multitask, financial analysis, and all things financial management.
It took all of five minutes and a change in direction to bring back that stupid lameness.
This morning Rella was running late. She put her bread on the simmering plate and forgot about it and left the house. Several hours later I thought I could smell cooking. In the kitchen the smell was slightly stronger, but less pleasant. Then I found the toast.
Alan Leslie Proctor (English Democrats) 236 (4%)
2 1/2-3 c confectioners sugar
Opportunity is one of a pair, with the older brother Spirit (which landed on Mars about 3 weeks before Opportunity) now incommunicado since 2010. These rovers have so vastly exceeded expectations that they must surely go down in history as one of the best value space missions ever conducted. Although capable of stunning panoramic photography, these rovers are much more than just a camera on wheels. Equipped with a range of spectrometers, they are able to perform geochemical identifications of the samples they investigate.
Stand in line,
* Start cleaning out your disastrous hall closet and find a cosmetic bag that was given to you years ago that you never used because you are perfectly fine with your
Black vinegar, 1 tablespoon
23. i keep everything!!
This time round I intend to follow this up by answering a few of the questions I received following this post (and my design you own textbook post)
In fact, it had never really occurred to me that there were deaf people in prison. Oh, I rather figured a certain percentage of the prison population might well be deaf, since the prison population in America is a microcosm of the overall population. Nevertheless, it never actually occurred to me that there may be a significant number, or that these people would bear an inordinate amount of the suffering that is prison life.
Dealing With Sleeplessness
Shame on you, Kubo.
02-Early In The Morning
in the worst fucking bar
I love magazines. I really do. But I realize that magazine exist to sell us stuff. That article in Family Circle about cleaning your kitchen in five minutes is always surrounded by ads for products. Fashion magazines are entirely devoted to making women think that the perfectly good clothes in their closet are out of style. I still like them. Do students understand how much is being sold to them? I'm not sure. This is a nice, short book that covers a lot of different ways this type of media tries to sway readers. This would be a good book to use in a class on media literacy.
Now, what SUCKS is this:
5.) Send measurements and, if possible a drawing of the room with labeled dimensions. (optional. This will just aid me in your room design)
Well done LA Weekly - and thank you Mr. Gold - I will definitely be back next year!!!
ISBN: 1442413336
If this book were a movie it would likely be rated R for brief strong language, sexual content and some violence.
EC has a lot to answer for
Farrah Gray Publishing: This tale of a publisher that tried to force a pair of authors to pay more than $100,000 in marketing fees after the contract was signed illustrates a hard truth of publishing: even with every possible precaution, what looks like a duck will sometimes turn out to be a turkey.
What exactly is talent? I can only imagine that just about everyone reading this either has talent or thinks they have talent to share with the world. I myself and the latter, but it's okay because I laugh at my own jokes. At least I'm having fun, right?
Bedtime!
Stop giving yourself needless trouble.
JTF (just the facts): A two-part show, split between the Bowery and Freemans Alley gallery spaces. The Bowery show consists of 13 large scale color photographs, framed in white and unmatted; a few are hiding in back offices. All of the works are chromogenic prints from 2012, sized either 30x40 (in editions of 3), 48x58 (in editions of 2) or 60x72 (in editions of 1). The Freemans show consists of 15 unique works (framed in white and unmatted): 7 chromogenic photograms and 8 chromogenic prints covered in adhesive, sand and colored pigment. The photograms are each sized 30x40, while the sand images are sized either 20x24, 40x50, 48x58, or 60x72 (or reverse). All of these works are also from 2012. (Installation shots at right.)
I love that he keeps his private life private, supports many excellent charities quietly without making a huge deal of it, is a talented photographer and just an all round nice person as well as being an incredible rock singer.
You get a better perspective of how they are going to use the vehicle.
04. Hot Girls In Love
Mick Jagger was originally considered for the part of Jack the Ripper, but director Nicholas Meyer couldn't see Jagger convincingly playing a Harley Street surgeon, John Leslie Stevenson's career when he wasn't stalking Whitechapel.
I'm just walking in obedience to where I feel God is leading me. Whether my role in this war is overt or behind-the-scenes is irrelevant. The important thing is to get educated and actually DO something for these heartbreaking victims of trafficking.
But most of my projects are spontaneous, and I wouldn't have it any
Preheat oven to 350. Boil Squash and onion and some salt for about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and drain in colander, pat to dry. Set aside. Grease a 9x9 Casserole dish. In separate bowl stir carrots, sour cream, seasonings and Soup. Gently fold in Squash. Salt & pepper the mixture. Put it in the casserole dish. Top with durkee onion rings and crushed cheez its. Bake for 25-30 minutes at 350!
He is thee absolute best husband ever
I was exhausted after pulling an all-nighter and giving birth, but also so high on life that I couldn't sleep. I felt dreamy and giddy and wanted to soak up every moment with Toby.
Who is the worst blogger ever?! ME!
2006: 750 deaths
Flowers aren't just for special occasions... to be plonked in a vase on a table... Flowers are for the every day and need to be prepared and arranged if they are to give of their best... I often buy myself a bunch if I am feeling in need of a pick me up... a little like a new lipstick... both small gestures but massively successful when it comes to the feel good factor...
Something else that has been happening recently is that I've been taking Red Cross classes. I am training to work on the disaster action team. So far, all I have done is an overview of Red Cross and an overview of disaster relief. But I am excited for all the classes I'm going to take. Soon I really will be trained to help people.
10 Adventure Le Tintin
Beat the egg yolks in a separate bowl, then add these to the flour mixture to form a firm dough/ paste.
I never had any with my first pregnancy, or at least none that I could tell. The close personal relationship with these things came with my second pregnancy. I started getting them at about 34 weeks. They started infrequently and not very regular, but by 36 weeks they had started to come every second day, 5 minutes apart like clock work. I know 36 weeks is too early to have a baby, but it's not unheard of so I was a little worried that this was a sign that I was starting to get ready for the delivery, especially since with my first birth my body didn't mess around. When I had uterine activity it was b/c I was in labour. After about a week of sitting there timing "contractions" day after day I asked (begged) my dr. to do a cervical check. Thankfully he reported that no there was no change in my cervix, but did request weekly NST's (non stress tests) at the hospital from that point on. He wanted to make sure baby was still happy in there with all the activity going on. The news that no I wasn't delivering this child yet allowed me to go another couple weeks not focusing on these annoying, but useless contractions and just live my life. Ignoring them was easier said then done since they were still coming every 5 minutes apart 12 hours at a time and would take my breath away with every one. Finally at about 38 1/2 weeks I thought for sure I was in labour. The braxton hicks were getting stronger and they were so frequent that I figured they HAD to be doing something. My mom works in maternity so that evening when she was working I slipped into the hospital to get her to check everything out. They started out with the NST and based on the contractions it looked like I was in the early stages of labour. There was a lot of activity, but after getting her co-worker to check my cervix they gave me the news that not only was I not softened, dilated or effaced, but they couldn't even reach my cervix yet! It was still posterior!! I couldn't believe it!! I only had 1 1/2 weeks until my due date and although I was still enjoying being pregnant, sleeping well, completely comfortable, I was just flabbergasted that nothing was happening! To make a long story short I continued to have these braxton hicks until the day my dr. stripped my membranes. I was barely even one cm. dilated at that point, but at least my body was getting something done. That membrane strip put an end to the braxton hicks for a whole day and at 7pm I got my first real contraction of the pregnancy. I went into the hospital at about 12:30am and delivered my 2nd baby girl at 3:25am (3 days early!). I have to say it was a beautiful labour and delivery. I remember it with such fondness and I honestly can't wait to do it again.
the assumptions we make bear the fruit of
Hall KL, Holmes SS, Evans ME. Increasing hospital employee participation in an influenza vaccine program. Am J Infect Control 1998; 26: 367-368.
Saute onion in butter until it begins to brown. Quarter tomatoes and add to the pan, then add garlic. Add salt and pepper to taste, then stir in cooked pasta once tomatoes are shriveled. Top with black olives. Eat up!
Magari tutti camminano.
she always is
You can enter more than once. A winner will be chosen from the Random Drawing for week #6 challenge and will be announced Friday February 24th. This winner will win a small Punch a Bunch Punch. The winner will also be entered in the end of the year $100 gift certificate drawing.
This card is for the new sketch at The Outlawz. It has Mimi in the Rain from DeNami Design with one of the Friendly Advice stamps by Inkadinkado. The super bright paper is from Echo Park's Summer Days.
I love shopping second hand, everything is a special treasure to me and I spent a fraction of what I could if I purchaed retail. I love the character of things that have been loved on through the years.
First, let me tell you a little bit about Dandelion!
When my dad and mom divorced, my dad moved in to this "singles-only" apartment community called "The Treehouse" apartments. It was newly-built, with clean walls and bitchin' green shag carpet. I remember that apartment so clearly. It was right by the pool (which I thought was awesome) and had one bedroom that was almost entirely taken up with his king sized brass bed. There was a small-ish bathroom, a dinette set with swivel chairs that had smokey gray plastic backs and white vinyl seats, and a small, galley kitchen. The living area featured a black vinyl couch and recliner, with metal studs as decorative accents, and a black and white modular plastic coffee table with matching end tables. He had a top-of-the-line television and stereo equipment, lots of plastic plants and on almost every wall: large, yarn "Eyes of God," handmade by someone he knew. Looking back, the place was tiny--maybe 750 square feet. It was so "seventies," that it's almost comical. It was his bachelor pad, and it was tacky as hell, but always spotless.
1 - On arrival to the airport in the UK, when asked to present their passports, some ladies found themselves in a sticky situation as they claimed they were not reminded to bring their passports and thought that they didn't need them.
At the time of writing the first version of this article YouTube wasn't even around. Nowadays, however, exploring her musical career has never been easier and I dropped most of the scans I had posted (and long lost again in Cyberspace) for YouTube clips.
We are a family that loves to travel but we also love to come home again. There's nothing like sleeping in your own bed, eating in your own kitchen and knowing that the hair you find in the shower is from your own head. Amen.
Damon proves his acting chops and introduces the world to his ability to kick some ass. He performs most of his own stunts and does so believably, one intense battle scene at a time.
paying too high
Hi. I'm Sara - a homeschool mom that loves to read, write, listen to all kinds of music and make lots of crafty things. My husband, Jason, is a very hard working man who love and supports his wife in all her crazy adventures. He's also quite intelligent and loves history, old planes and hockey. Zion, age 9, is a compassionate brother who loves video games and taking care of his younger siblings. Abigail, age 8, is the genious and boss of all... or atleast she would like to be. She's as craft as her mother and is just fun to be around. Caleb, often called Beans, is the most insane 6 year old I've ever come across. He is very cuddly but likes to make noise and break things. Magdalene, or Mags, is the cream of the crop. Four years old and absolutely adorable.
embroidery floss and needle
Black tights - Walmart
1 12 oz pkg frozen seasoning blend
Spread the love with free vow renewals this weekend! Couples can check in at the front gate shortly before 11:00 am to sign up for the vow renewals and will receive a special renewal document. Wine tasting and a grape stomp are open for couples or singles to partake in all weekend as well!
Ah, these peeps don't like change much do they? It appears the awards are taking place at the MGM Grand in Vegas again and that the hosts are Reba and Blake-something or another. Last year I dubbed him "Man Host" so I may just stick with that again.
AND WOMEN LIKE JOANNA KRUPA - A POLISH-AMERICAN - MIGHT BE HAVE BEEN CONSIGNED TO SECOND-CLASS EXISTENCE UNDER A BURQA AND UNDER ISLAMO-MISOGYNISTIC SHARIA LAW.
She wasn't coming out. At first my doctor was playing it cool, had me change positions, had me push different ways.
"I remember being incredibly unselfconscious," says Bush
Tell you what, he said,
Now we can hardly wait to see the beautiful creations you will upload for us this week :)
Thy fields---the boundless air;
I nodded.
Want to make your own Letter Tile Spelling Mat with your family's names?
You only need a little amount of batter for this recipe. They will work as a glue to hold the vegetables together.
There are few things more convincing to a jury than scientific evidence presented by expert witnesses called by the state in a criminal case. Sometimes, however, the so-called science used by prosecutors isn't science at all.
According to the answer, the money lost through social grant fraud by public servants could have paid 145,875 child support grants.
With so many symptoms matching up, I have to give going gluten free a try.
To make a long story short, the sellers' illegally broke our contract and accepted a cash offer. Sending us back on the house hunt.
Have a good holiday, whatever you celebrate!
Louis Vuitton Travel luggage, which have contributed to bringing within the last holiday, may possibly out of date after a various other age bracket was world the exact opposite is often publicized.
Hi Everyone! Just stopping by to share a quick card today. I got stuck on my Remix layout...I set it aside for a few days so I can take a fresh look at it next week. :) I'm also stamping cards like crazy for an upcoming publication deadline. I have a stack of cards to share...but those will have to wait until next week too. :)
Aside from the interested parties
- Mixed soft leaves
You may have seen my GoGreen Champ Pocket Diaper review a few weeks ago. Now I've had the opportunity to review a standard Go Green Pocket Diaper as well. If you missed out on the last champ giveaway, don't worry. Next week I'll be doing a side by side comparison of the champ and standard diaper, along with another champ giveaway!
I didn't glue down the ends of the strips of paper, so there would be a little play there. I added pop dots under the photo and mushroom sticker. Then I added some dew drops to the banner stickers and in the bird nest and then used some stickles to help pop the beautiful flowers that were already on the paper. A little twine tied around a letter in the title and of course I inked my edges and you have a gorgeous layout of my little guy exploring the grass in the backyard all on his own for the first time.
Snack: 6 dehydrated apple rings
Michelle does such beautiful sketches and painting. You can see more of her work in her Etsy Shop,
So, ignorance is actually not knowing about your child but trusting them by not asking and having the incredibly difficult conversations your kids often talk about with their teachers.
It is also used as Rose tea because of its high Vitamin C content.
from all over the world.
Here are some of your two month stats:
She closes her eyes and whispers his name..
and my English Breakfast Tea is delicious.
So if Christmas Eve wasn't enough we got back up and did Christmas again Christmas morning , with the the kids. Ah.. this is my favorite time. I love having the kids home, and it was extra special this year because we had mom here with us.
"You're dead, Jack."
Here I am with the talented ladies who threw this beautiful shower for me. I am truly blessed to have such loving people in my life!
Despite the fact that the last time I've ever "performed" in front of an audience was in the 3rd grade dressed up as a spider with a trumpet, I absolutely had to go. Vagina? Monologues? Females only? Hmm. Mangina, check. Shit to monologue about, check. Female, - federally? Sure! Check. Manginas have monologues, too. The way I figger it, the history of Eve Ensler's The Vagina Monologues is rooted in using this verbatim theatre to challenge taboos around sexuality and to heighten sexual empowerment. And this has stemmed to trans women also, with pieces like They Tried to Beat the Girl Out of my Boy (and Calpernia Adam's Beautiful Daughters, which explores the trans female experience). So what about actively challenging prejudice and discrimination when it comes to trans men, also?
My sister's boyfriend, Jerad. We had only been in the woods like 10 minutes and he was already a muddy mess. He ran in front of us and we caught up with him in a bend in the road...he looked like he was up to something....especially since he is holding a stick.
And one more thing. I'm beginning to feel a little personally involved in this whole business. Not only because I am a writer and sensitive to the notion of books being pulled off shelves. Not only because I love family stories and this is one, for sure. But its origins go back to Silver City, New Mexico. My neck of the southwest! Just look at this wonderful book trailer in which Amy talks about where the story came from.
The intellectual dishonesty here would make Alan Dershowitz blush. While it is accurate to say that certain Christians and Muslims (i.e. those who hold Israeli citizenship) are allowed to build homes in West Jerusalem, it is obvious that the people most likely to want to build in a city are those born there. In the case of Jerusalem, the Arab residents of East Jerusalem, who were born in the city and are children and grandchildren of people also born there, are not allowed to build homes in West Jerusalem. By contrast, Jews who are not Israeli citizens, and who have never set foot in the city, are granted permits to build houses. Racial privilege trumps longtime legal and lawful residence in Jerusalem.
(Looking through a magazine) "I think Dada gave me this magazine when he was a mailman."
One of the most difficult aspects of interacting with other people is figuring out how to extricate yourself from a conversation without appearing rude or mentally unstable. You aren't allowed to just walk away - you need to have a reason to stop talking. And the reason can't be that you want to stop talking. You need to find a way to end the conversation without making it seem like you want the conversation to end.
I made a list for the Fall Into Reading Challenge, so you can see what else I'll be reading this month (plus), but as usual I forgot 2 books. I will read them next, because will be featuring them on 10/11 at 5 Minutes for Mom:
Sicko:hey do you mind telling me,from where i can buy some roses ?
My advice nice guys, retrain your bad boy comrades in how to treat a girl properly. That way fewer girls will over-look the nice guys with their clouded and distorted vision that these bad boys have imposed on them.
The associated website, www.welovethisbook.com will come out of Beta to coincide with the launch of the second issue and will have additional features, interviews, reviews and blogs including an interview with the much loved fantasy author Terry Pratchett on the publication of his 39th Discworld novel, an exclusive twitter interview with Margaret Atwood, a slot with Conn
the now Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr, Odein
The first day or two of my plans usually goes okay.
-you must commit to the schedule of regular exercise and drinking Shakeology daily
Just the idea of having my own little bookstore feels me with a joy that I can only compare to the thrill I got when I began to fantasize about making a living as an artist. Whenever I am inside an used bookstore I am also reminded of the old library at the boarding school I used to go to as a child.
The farther I headed down Geary, the closer I got to Russia. Ever since I can remember as an adult, random Russians (and probably Ukranians, too) have come up to me to ask me something, maybe the time, directions. But in Russian, not English. It used to make me laugh and was always a little surprising. How did they know? I grew up in San Jose. Sometimes I would ask, after explaining I didn't understand the question, and if they spoke English, they said they could tell I was one of them from my nose, my lips. My facial features gave me away.
We had a great turnout last week. I know we are all getting busy with the holidays upon us. I hope you will be sure and share what you are working on for the holidays. I am busy getting tables ready for next week and then of course I have to clean the house good. Don't won't any dust bunnies floating across the floor now do we?
By the way, with all the complaining and whining I've done about wanting this kid out, you'd think I'd have my bags already packed, right?! Well, at least I have a list I can direct My Mr Right to when I wake him at at 3am with that "It's TIME!"
childhood dream come true.
Breakfast in bed. Two pieces of toast with strawberry jam and a cup of milk, just what I asked for.
This picture of Miss S was taken the same day - I can't believe how grown up she is looking now
This was a classic case of following the crowd over the cliff.
I love keeping track of the funny things the kids say. We have gotten so many laughs over the years from looking back and reading the "funny things" posts. Here's a few I wanted to remember...
WTF Award: The drinking fountain at O'Fallon's booth spouting out Gold for people to drink. The germaphobe inside me was horrified.
Next in line are two brand new reds that I got even before they were named. They started out as 11.10.9 and 11.10.9s. Now they are known as Crimson and Ruby Slippers respectively. Both are limited run colors, and Crimson is already available, while Ruby Slippers will come out sometime in April, according to CiM's website.
The heart and the soul, of a poet unknown
I suppose we should count our lucky stars that The Daily Mail hasn't got hold of this, they would have a field day.
unsure.
As a Maryland student, you are eligible for up to 12 free sessions of counseling in a 12 month span from the Counseling Center.
I posted a status on Facebook about April Fool's Day and how the expression Op een april verloor Alva zijn bril.
angst of another day of bum life
Now, on the good/realistic side, the orc archers in the towers obey all of the line of sight rules, so you can find safe spots in the courtyard. Still, for a group that was lower level and facing a fully aggro courtyard, going could be a bit rough. You might find yourself exposed to fire from above at a critical point and not find cover in time.
The sun and the leaves and the wind are almost enough to live on today. But I ate breakfast anyway. I believe in eating a good breakfast, even when the world is blowing away.
Splattering to your surface,
Walt Disney World
Next week we're off on the yearly expedition to Suffolk and my favourite Weird & Wonderful Wood fair. Please stop by and say hello at our tent, should you be in the Eastern Angles and wishing for an afternoon amongst dendric delights.
What I did ......
Now. I could get a music box or one of those crib-aquarium things that plays music, and use it in combination with the caterpillar lovey, or I could get a glo worm or similar which is music AND lovey all in one.
Just like every year, they have made a stylish campaign. And this time, it looks quite a lot like the normal line. It's great to see them next to each other, there is no other conclusion then to say it all looks look ravishing, both the models and the clothes! On the left you see Belgian topmodel Hannelore Knuts, and on the right size 14 Deborah, my BrigitteModels colleague.
Santorum: Mitt Romney personally
Dec. 10: THEY INVENTED CHRISTMAS (Featuring Victorian Christmas customs and paintings and yet another MeMe in which I answer 15 random holiday questions)
The baby always wins.
The Votes are in and the Top Three are:
Rodin
And then I stopped because I think a run would do me more good than writing about how I'm confused and the Romantic writers are confused, and we're all confused together. Over-identifying with my subject, much?
The curriculum offers many themed topics to choose from for one day's lessons (above). Once a student clicks on a topic they work their way through 5 or so lessons about that topic (below). T4L offers fun animation that is engaging and entertaining. H4 asked over and over again to play (as did the rest of her brothers and sisters - they didn't care that it was for preschool!)
According to a press release: "After filtering a batch this week and getting it ready for packaging we tasted it. It was good, but it was missing that spark that separates a good beer from a great beer." Rather than proceed with bottling and distribution, owner and founder Brock Wagner decided to dispose of the entire initial batch and start again with a few recipe modifications.
and these soft-spoked words?
Fluid checks look great, still showing the twins are boys and the singleton is a girl. Everything looked great on the triplets, but here's the kicker. The Perinatologist (high risk doctor) told me to "stop being super mom and just lay down and rest. Really?? How on earth is this possible when I have my own 4 children to care for as well as a house to keep clean? I feel bad when David comes home and the house is a disaster, though he says he doesn't care. He says top priority is keeping me safe and rested. Still, I feel guilty when things aren't done. He works hard.
He wasn't alone in using his time as a prisoner to study and learn new skills. The kriegies got hold of books and correspondence courses from home, they gave lectures and lessons, they put on plays and concerts. As Ted later said about his drawing, all this was 'a means of escape'; not through tunnels, but into an absorbing activity which could take you into another world.
Man: Oh, you don't? Well what do you do?
You'll find two new wild birds ornaments in my Etsy shop which is here: Buckscountydesigns. Both are original oil paintings on porcelain. The Cardinal ornament is published on page 32 of Celebrate365's Winter edition. And don't forget, this week you can get 10% off everything in my Etsy shop (even sale items) using the code SNOWFLAKES at checkout.
And here is my card...(click on the image of the card to get a better look at the sentiment. Sorry it didn't show up better.)
-sellout of national property
Mystery Fest features my own Bubba Coletrane and the Trainwrecks funkin' it up on the 2 day bill. I'm thinking that will be enough to push this past ACL Fest as Pollstars festival of the year. Hope to see everyone there.
I am lucky enough to work in a fluffy storefront, and besides the "which diaper do you recommend" the most asked question we get is "What all do I NEED to start"
My mantle is finished...finally. I was able to hang Christmas stockings, and "deck the halls"...or mantle rather, in all kinds of holiday festiveness. I know, I know, I should have posted pics of the blessed event, but my house was still in total and complete disarray...which brings me to the why I'm posting today.
Thanks to Taylor at Sourcebooks, I have one copy of The Cupcake Club and a Cupcake Club measuring spoon to giveaway to one lucky reader. However, before we get to the how to enter part, here's a little more about the book...
Then he made a statement that really got to me. "motivation should come from within not from your pastor giving a pep talk or pleading with you."
Now with all this being said, I have had no desire at all in the last couple of weeks to do any of these prayers. It has worsened even more this week as I am stressed out, slightly freaking out, and mourning all at the same time.
So I'm walking along, and think to myself...it's okay, I can still have good luck because instead of giving myself good luck, I am being selfless, and letting someone else find it...
Arkady Davidovich
Invincible by Crossfade
Laughter is the best.
I notice no one's criticising Jennifer's extremely well muscled, well nourished looking male co-stars. It's fine for them to look as if they've been eating enough to keep alive. Apparently it's only female actors who have to bow to 'realism' to such an extent that they should look gaunt, bony and as if trying to draw a bow would snap them in half.
Said "Have you read Ken Bruen's Jack Taylor series?"
Carson McCullers. I don't know how I've missed her all these years, but it more than likely comes from using the Goodwill as my own personal library. I'd never read her before but am happy I found "A Heart is a Lonely Hunter" last week because it is one of the best books I have ever read. McCullers understood the nature of people and brings them home for me.
Tear down what keeps
Ladies, please send me an email so that I can forward it on to the companies above so you can get your goodies!! My email address link is in the sidebar.
Find out after the weekend.
the waters of life
May the road rise up to meet you.
It's spit rain and misted a lot, and there have been some interesting gusts of wind, but listening to the forecasts and forecasts and forecasts is really just stressing out the kids and making them punchy.
Christmas is fast approaching!! Choose from a variety of themes to make is extra fun. Lots of ideas in this post to decorate your home this holiday in beautiful theme colors. Pick a color that describes your family's personality and style. You are sure to enjoy designing, displaying and showing your creativity!! Have an amazing Christmas this year :o)
The format of the book is a series of blog entries by Circe about her life, friends and quest to make a boy fall in love with her. Along the way she gains a blog reader who comments on her posts to give her much needed advice. She also has her two best friends Tash and Ben to rely on, although much of the time they're busy snogging each other, leaving Circe stuck in the middle.
Until then and forever,
Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
New Ringtones.
In the last post I shared a list of books that Dr. R.C. Sproul considered the most influential on his thinking. It was an interesting list in many ways but one thing that stood out for me was that two of the books on the list were written by Dr. Gordon H. Clark.
On tap, I have my American Brown Ale, the Oak-aged Imperial Stout, and the Belgian Strong Dark Ale. All of them are quite tasty! I had 3 mugs of Brown Ale last night after a hard & fast 10-mile trail run. Note to self: Don't do this again on a weeknight.
Style: American Pale Ale
Whether it was the height, the tail end, or even smack dab in the middle of the disco era, it doesn't matter, the opportunity to go undercover as a gay man sounds like the chance of a lifetime. Of course, we're not talking about an episode of Glee, so you can forget about mincing, frolicking, sashaying, or telling total strangers to talk to the hand, as those types of mannerisms are strictly forbidden in this universe. No, this is an ultra gritty look into New York's underground S&M bar scene. In other words, throngs of burly men in leather thongs, motorcycle caps, studded bracelets, assless chaps and biker boots are what are in store for you.
No matter what beauties I saw in my way:
How do you select your novel settings?
So imagine my curiosity when I came across what was purported to be a pre-FM set of tJL Peel Sessions. The few times I've heard non-official pre-FM Peel Session tracks - by any band - are because the band themselves had a copy. So I obtained the fileset, got even more intrigued when reading the info file that came with it, and, well, listened. And I was blown away.
WU: What was your favorite real wedding feature and why?
Bella Roma and Bella Gina's menu's
The supporting cast is quite good as well- the villainous brothers make for engaging villains, with Vincent Regan playing Alex with a cold ruthless edge that gives a palpable air of menace and Gilgun really cutting loose as the unhinged Hydell, a demented, babbling force of nervous energy and danger.
So, we knew she would get out of school anywhere from 3-5.
Genre documentary
Fatale #4
As always, contact us for any furhter information.
fashion becomes an obsession. modelling becomes a passion.
We are halfway through our standardized testing. We will be done on Wednesday. I kept on thinking, "If I feel this tired just administering the test, my kids must be EXHAUSTED from taking it!" I am so proud of their effort. However, I am ready to be done!
flutters but never flies away. 8/9 of
This is why I haven't had time to create anything this week...
Foreign nationals make up 12 per cent of the total prison population, with most coming from Poland, Jamaica and Ireland.
black hair
Hands off, lady. Just because I'm not ready to let him jump into bed with me yet doesn't mean I'm going to give him up. He returns with the drinks and I laugh as I look at him.
(21) Acts 8:4-5
You know, it would be cool if I could figure out how to post the widget that links me to the rest of the people who are blogging about the conference during the conference. Oh well, I'll try to figure it out again later.
in the back of his neck, and a spinning sensation
The funny scene (Well I found it funny)- spoilers may follow
wow, our pool is GREEN!! YUCKY! yep, after our birthday party on the 1st, with all the kiddos jumping in after playing hard and sweating all day, it just killed the pool!!! :( and since james is gone for 2 weeks, who gets to clean it up?! ME!! OH WELL...i just hope i can do it...i am PRAYING that today's treatment is IT...if not, it is dumping the water and doing it again...sign...pools are sooo much work but so much fun..
My messages, that are always from various voices of real men on this planet,
Welcome to Arrow Beach (C, 1973) aka Tender Flesh, And No One Would Believe Her This was chopped to hell before it was released, and now it's rarely seen at all (there's rumored to be only one print left in existence), which is way too damned bad because there's something about this movie... Icy eyed Meg Foster (who has nude scenes) is a hippie girl hitch hiking around California and she ends up having dinner with Lawrence Harvey (who died of cancer before this was released) and his skittish sister Joanna Pettet. They eat some extremely rare meat that's apparently pieces of a dead cop. Harvey developed a taste for cannibalism during the Korean war, and suffers from flashbacks that drive him to kill. Meg spends the night and wakes up to a weird chopping sound and eventually finds him in a basement meat locker hacking up a corpse with a cleaver. She escapes and goes to the cops (John Ireland and Stuart Whitman) but they think she's just been taking drugs and had a bad trip, and won't believe her accusations. Meanwhile Harvey lures an aging local slut to his house so he can take pictures of her... but he kills her in an extremely stylish scene composed of quick flash cuts patterned after the still pictures an automatic camera is winding off. Meg eventually finds someone willing to suspend their disbelief enough to go back to the house with her... Nice, atmospheric horror really gets butchered when shown on TV; they cut so much of it that you can't even really tell he's a killer, much less a cannibal. Uncut, it's pretty gory, but in a suggestive way - you only see quick glimpses of bloody meat, so you're not even quite sure exactly what you're looking at, but it's morbid, brutal, and highly effective. The theme song "We Are Born To Die" sets the atmosphere up right off the bat, and it's also strange because it's done by Lou Rawls! DVDs are scarce. Videotapes supposedly run 99 minutes, but I'm not certain about that. One of my absolutely favorite horror films, seek it out.
Shouldn't IBO have considered the arena naming rights--reported at $400 million over 20 years--as another lost (in part) opportunity cost and thus a benefit to the developer?
Politicians bombard us with the idea that a change is necessary for this or that office and perhaps I would say that is a good thing. Some enjoy a change of the seasons. Where I live we have an extra season--NFL football season. Others brag about the warmth most of the year around. (They don't talk about the 100 degree summers) We all enjoy a change of scene to go on vacation, new clothes, and some variety in our lives, but we pretty much want the basics to stay the way they are. That is, if your basics are good and not if you are out of a job or homeless. Some have changes in marital status. Kids have to go through mom and dad's divorce or the death of one of the parents or a sibling.
He grew some -
into his neck
The ABC's of the Economic Crisis- Fred Magdoff and Michael D. Yates (s)
1.Bar B-Q
Greek Poppers with Tzatziki
The blooms are as large as my hand
So, their latest makeup products would be their Christmas palette collaboration with Kate Spade.
5. Experiencing the grief at the sudden and tragic death of a young woman of faith who earnestly lived her faith in the nearly 20 years I have known her.
But there is one thing about the device I DO NOT like, at all, period, end of story.
Gaspe is often chilly in May, and near the water it's even colder! But, gods, is it beautiful.
The estranged wife of former NBA superstar Allen Iverson was demanding a restraining order be placed on her husband as they fight out a bitter divorce, TMZ reported Sunday.
So is it wrong to earn money from wet T-shirt and other contests, or get crazy tips simply because of the way you look? Is that degrading to women?
I love they they are "allowed" to look different from each other. Yay a fabulous bride! I wanted to embrace their own personalities, add a little more than the usual bridesmaid look but still keep a nuptial note. I would have loved my girls to be so vibrant.
See Woods 1994 students cope with change and instructors need to explain and rationalize, as students go through a grieving process since PBL is so different that traditional learning. Suggests instructors move from informal collaborative learning to macro-level PBL.
This year, I want to become a better cook. And I want to start cooking more in general. This last year I have felt quite guilty that I didn't cook more for my family. And when I did cook, I don't think my food was all that great. So I want to change that. I want my family to crave the meals I prepare and have "favorites"! Wouldn't that be something?! I have plenty of cookbooks, tools and equipment, and lots of recorded food shows on t.v., I just need to decide what I'm going to cook and try new things.
1/2 medium red onion, chopped
I used two cans of coconut milk, quarter cup fish sauce, 2-3 tablespoons of besan (mixed in water), some more water, sugar and salt to make my soup. It takes about 15-20 minutes of temperature-controlled cooking to finish making the soup.
A bit of a job, but so well worth it. After squid has defrosted, clean the entire inside body, by pulling out the little plastic part that is inside, and dispose of it. Also, save the tentacles, try not to rip them...leaving it intact.
Amount Requested $26,558
I am not afraid that my kids will never learn not to hit people or scream at people, just like I was not afraid they would never walk. My kids know they shouldn't hit people. They know it isn't nice to scream at people. They even often apologize for doing these things, without me requiring it.
Just kidding, those pictures will be up next. Hope your last week isn't too hectic!
I have ZERO tolerance for little kids screaming into the microphone. I guess it really does matter if it's not your kid because I hated 7/9ths of the performance.
It's just ridiculous when your neighbour turns around and asks you what the printf function does... Or when he is COMPLETELY unable of even using a computer in the most basic sense by turning on the program we use to edit text...
Robert Kardashian was an attorney and a friend to OJ. The Simpson trial was in 1995.
Marc by Marc Jacobs peep toe patent pumps.
2 medium sized carrots (roughly chopped)
Getting away from the crazy shoppers and parties in London and having a fun family Christmas with Aunts, Uncles and Cousins made it an occasion we all remember.
To Mr. Mojito...
On the other side of this trip I can say a few things about travel.
This is a good time to shave the Parmesan (which is not the way we usually do it, but The Pioneer Woman is a genius, and I trust her, too.).
I think it is a plea for affection and appreciation to be articulated, and a recommendation for communication of the positive. So in my circumambulatory way I should like to say thank you to all of you who have posted such interesting and supportive comments on my last few posts - it is so cheering to be the recipient of such encouraging feedback. And I in my turn appreciate you for taking the time to respond so constructively.
Marinade the fish with all the ingredients and set it aside for 15 minutes. Spread out an aluminium foil and put the fish on it. Pour all the excess gravy into the foil. Wrap it up and bake in preheated oven at 200 Deg C for 25 minutes. Serve with white rice.
Tongue - any small circle next to hole of same - trim end to round
Brush a thin layer of mustard over the bottom of the tart dough, or spread on using the back of a teaspoon. Add tomato and onion mixture to the tart.
Originally, the Brotherhood had repeatedly announced that they weren't going to seek the presidency so they wouldn't appear to be completely taking over, but after the parliamentary elections and the huge majority they and the salafist al-Nour party got, the Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party announced that Khairat al-Shater would be their presidential candidate.
#12 1961 Eric Salmanca EP Jefferson 440 Yards 47.6
1 can diced roma tomatoes
Happy Thursday!! xo.
--Stan Higley
After mass, all three hours of it, we were given a tour of the local village of Luzango. It's a small rural village beside the school and the poverty was so clear . We visited the midwifes house, the teachers dwellings and Pastor marias house. The houses were, by and large, simple one roomed dwellings with little to no furniture. Some were mud huts and some were made of brick. The villagers all grew crops such as papaya, pineapple, bananas and coffee sometimes to sell but often just to survive on. Most of them also kept a few chickens or goats.
"Are you too sick to tell me inappropriate stories?"
As it creeps up slowly on one near.
Way more interesting to drink than just a latte.
How: Just contact me to schedule your session. Sessions can be held in my home, or I will come to you if you live within a 20 mile radius.
Planningtorock (UK)
1. In a pot bring water to boil. Add pasta and cook till al dente.
And of course, use huge loads of sunscreen with high SPF.~
There has tended to arise the idea, from Leninism, and more particularly Luxemburgism, that the creation of Trades Unions is a symbol of the fact that the working class is a revolutionary class, whose conditions of life spontaneously generates a class consciousness, and that it is this class consciousness and the automatically arising collective and solidaristic organisation, which is the basis and form through which the new forms of property under Socialism are established. But, a reading of the programme set out here shows that conception is false.
A blob of white chocolate was placed on each boys sheet of parchment paper and they set about creating their ghost with the back of a small spoon. Of course, an off-set spatula makes this a bit easier but everyone has lots of spoons, right?
She ended her perfomance after 1,20h.
And I don't care if you do or don't like politics/like Ronald Reagan/whatever...if you read this book, and you have a heart, you'll LOVE reading the letters inside. I had no idea that Reagan was such a sentimental, doting, smitten man. I remember when Reagan died, I was sitting there, watching the funeral on tv, and saw Nancy Reagan looking like she didn't want to leave him there (and I believe she even said something outloud along those lines)...and I truly felt for her. I mean I wanted to cry for her. (~And I'm not usually like that.) I wish I would have read this book before Reagan died... I don't know how to explain it any more than that, other than to be redundant and say that this is a really touching book.
Each blogger participating in the tour will randomly select one winner from all the comments and enter that name into the grand prize drawing. Margaret will contact the three grand prize winners for their choice of prize the week of 2/27 and announce winners on her blog on March 2.
No i wasn't asked to write this or given product by the company, its just me telling you about a product i won and thought others would kind of like to!
The litter in your neighborhood consists of condoms, panties, syringes, and glass pipes.
And she is hungry. But, you knew that.
The glisten of the little steel instruments catching the glint of the
At Troton-Troton energising radius
Sure it rained crumbs in a pretty sweet arc pattern.
Our first destination on the way though was Decatur, IN to visit friends Barb and Paul, who live on the outskirts of Monroe, IN and to see their new home; they sold the farm house and barn to one of the sons and built a beautiful spacious home on the property. I did not take a picture of their spacious 2000 sq ft. open floor plan with the same square footage downstairs in the finished basement complete with another kitchen. Barb joked that not only could they wheel around if they ever end up in wheel chairs but if they need live in care takers, they can live on one floor and the caregivers on the other. Barb has retired from her catering and cake decorating business but with 7 grand daughters from ages 3 to 23 and 2 sons and families all living near along with cousins and long time friends she is always cooking and baking. She has a small chest freezer filled with cookies alone that she bakes continuously for everyone to enjoy. She had a pie ready for us, something called Indiana Cream which is delicious and which Jerry, the pie eater in chief has been eating nightly. Barb has been using the kitchen downstairs and said since moving in Thanksgiving she still has not cooked a meal in the upstairs kitchen.
2 rear
If you shall see Him
Not a another word was uttered by Preston,not a wiggle,not a squirm was made. As we turned to leave I smiled to this wonderful stranger and his wife and mouthed Thank You. They both nodded in complete understanding what their presence,and question had meant to us. I feel certain that this is an everyday occurrence to them.
Ay, you shall be together even in the silent memory of God.
Alternative titles to this post: Taking off the blinders; Admitting defeat.
Even if others keep on mixing you up,
Founder's Kentucky Breakfast Stout
xoxo Michelle
2nos Cloves
The Holly Jolly 2011 is organized by the Halifax Library Association with
did just that with this trip. We are in and out, in our usual one week's
It also shortened the time span of the law that was previously applicable until 2019. The court ruled that that it may cover only the Communist period from 1945 to 1991 and not the period after the country gained independence from Yugoslavia and became a democratic society.
Funeral following at 1 pm
I'm so sorry if i missed lots of things from update in Hero blogs, Hero winners, all of my flickr friends cards and updates from all of my blogging friends.. plus some emails which i have not reply it yet.. i'm very sorry my friends!
Then comply with the job to see how things are being done. Remember that lots of small, earlier course modifications are easier than later, larger course modifications.
So I ordered 30 plants from fothergills online, and we watered the strawberry bed right at the very end of the allotment very heavily before covering it with multi purpose compost and then a membrane to prevent weed growth. I then made a slit in the membrane for each plant and then added a top layer of bark which will keep the slugs off the strawberry fruit crop come early summer..
In the end, I figure that this may be our only foreign car we buy. By the time we're in the market for another car, American hybrids will probably have caught up in price and mileage. I bet a Chevy Volt will be in our driveway in five years.
We just got back into DC last night after spending the last 8 days schlepping from DC to Ohio to San Diego to San Francisco back to Ohio and then finally home.
Margaret Le Monnier has over 20 years-experience as a qualified natural health professional in the UK. She is well known for giving intuitive and expert advice to people regarding natural approaches to correcting a wide range of illnesses and conditions. Margaret is now writing articles for a website solely devoted to bringing a comprehensive range of natural health advice to everyone. To find out more about aromatherapy visit her website at Natural Health 4 Life
Enter to win this cloth diaper prize pack (Open to US only) in the Rafflecopter form below (subscribers have to click through to see the form), there are many different ways to enter and get extra entries!
After a speech one day, Zig Ziglar was approached by someone in the audience who said:
At first, I thought the woman was overacting. The man was technically only 15 minutes late for the dinner reservation and she was early. From what I could gather from the argument, this was not the first time the man had been late. Apparently this would be his last because as soon as she finished saying her piece, she asked me to close out her check and then left the restaurant in a huff. The guy paced in the bar area a couple of times before leaving the restaurant himself.
1/2 C whole wheat flour
Don't have a clue yet.
numb
There, in the exotic Empire of Kelewan, he earned a new name--Milamber. He learned to tame the unnimagined powers that lay withing him. And he took his place in an ancient struggle against an evil Enemy older than
47 12 oz bottles.
They got us our room, paid for a dinner, breakfast, and room service, and mini-bar snacks!!
Period 1
Oops. That doesn't sound like a great idea.
"She'll have a 40-foot wide commercial driveway and it will be well defined, so to me, that's much safer. You won't have traffic in and out of her business mixing with pedestrians standing at the corner waiting to cross over," Elrod said.
61. Mooned/flashed someone?
Minimum food and beverage spend $1500 during lunch and $2000 during dinner
It is crucial to ask the questions and know the differences between artist management and artist development. Sometimes each can do both, but other companies have very specific and particular services. It is up to you to know by asking! Sometimes, it may be better to hire a music consultant or a music coach to guide you in the development you are looking for and then go to a management or booking group.
I was just thinking, about my life and how people have put me in a position of leadership my entire life. People older than me even look up to me at times, it gets sort of stressful.
The poem with no name
Thankfully, my septugenerian Canadian mentor, born and bred in Fredericton, New Brunswick, set me straight. Yes, she conceded, the past month has suggested a winter in Quebec. But a timid one.
I've shared all of that with you to say this, last year I wasn't able to blog very often. I was too busy (or too tired) living life to write about it. So while I don't really have New Year's resolutions, my husband and I took some time last night and today to outline some goals that we would like to work towards.
The American Heritage Foundation regards Britain as a terrorist danger. How have we allowed our establishment to drag us down to that level?
I didnt win haha. Congratulations to all the winners! ^^
Faithless Insomnia UK
The tacos are damn tasty, generous with filling and wrapped in a soft fresh tortilla. The chorizo taco is high on the spice factor, a rubble of pan-fried chorizo pieces served on a bed of red cabbage and queso fresco cheese and adorned with pickled jalapeno chile peppers.
Fruit is the true test of ministers and ministries. If people are being saved, if lives are being changed, there is good fruit. Even though the minister may say something bad and make mistakes, the fruit is good.
3. Scarborough Fair 3:02
Still, when Valentine's Day comes around (even though my husband spoils me rotten now), I always remember that dreaded sense of feeling totally unloved (even if it wasn't really true -- my mother reminded me that she loved me best of all -- but at 15, that doesn't really count, does it?) So to all you fabulous girls out there (whether in high school or elsewhere) who may not necessarily get that huge bouquet of flowers today, don't sweat it!!!!! You are LOVED. You are WONDERFUL and you are incredibly SPECIAL.
Cheating is in your DNA,
- James Baldwin, Another Country p. 29
So many times I've started to write about him. I can never bring myself to do it. There must be 14 drafts on here started and never realized. Because I'm scared. Because I don't want to give him the satisfaction.
Dad gets the list together every week. He goes through the Shopper (our local free paper) and the local news paper, as well as listening to Radio Trade-io (local station 2DU lets you put free ads on air). He then enters them all into a spreadsheet, sorts them by location in town ie. North, South, East or West, and puts in details of start time or items of interest at the sales.
1. Plant It!
At 6:55, we're heading to the hospital, a cooler packed with cow's milk, soy milk, juice, soy yogurt, apple sauce and other foods, my laptop, assorted toys, and the diaper bag fill the car.
The Coen brothers have been hugely successful in the world of film making. Joel and Ethan Coen have produced hit after hit including Fargo, The Big Lebowski and True Grit (to name but a few). Released in 1991, Barton Fink is a genre defying movie that has since garnered a huge amount of critical praise and still causes discussions to this very day.
"Art has always been my salvation. And my gods are Herman Melville, Emily Dickinson, Mozart. I believe in them with all my heart. And When Mozart is playing in my room, I am in conjunction with something that i cannot explain... I don't need to. I know that if there's a purpose for life, it was for me to hear Mozart. Or if i walk in the woods and I see an animal, the purpose of my life was to see that animal. I can recollect it, i can notice it. I'm here to take note of. And that is beyond my ego, beyond anything that belongs to me, an observer, an observer.
You and The Band started a whole new era in rock and roll, that will forever live on.
He gives lessons at IGMA's Guild School at Castine, now there's a reason to attend Guild School.
May 21st: RAQ Vote Reminder - Pick Your Favorite Entries
You encounter a Mr. Zimmer whose most distinguishing feature is a deep indentation from the center of his nose to the center of his upper lip (this is called a philtrum). You could form a mental picture of a pot simmering in this indentation (philtrum).
So onto April's Swap!
All of us, even those of us who were years from graduation, were obsessed with the idea of writing our thesis. We knew we needed a really thrilling topic that would sustain our interest for an entire semester and allow us to produce an 80-page paper that didn't cause our faculty advisor to doze off in the first 5 pages.
In case there is anyone actually reading this blog, outside of the 5 close friends and family that I know check in here periodically, allow me to introduce a bit of my personality to you. I am a woman driven by fear: fear of circumstances, fear of failing, fear of people, fear of man's opinions, fear of all the 'what if's' of this life...Fear.
Women have taken over the workplace, yet they still make less than their male counterparts.
During a prayer session once, a young man I had just met that evening gave me a prophetic word that he saw me as a beautiful flowering plant that had been uprooted from my pot. He said the pain I was feeling was from being in transition but that I could rest assured that God was holding onto me and that I would be planted again soon, outside in the garden.
04 Not Afraid to Die 5:20
I was also given these two 19th century miniatures, painted on ivory. I took them out of the frames to have a good look at them, and they are very finely painted! They will look wonderful in the bedrooms om my new Canal house.
I know this is a very simple card and it looks like I didn't do much to create it but...
Almost every night (between Midnight -2:00AM) they have sleep overs. Families, including children come out of their cars and they flock to the house. Sometimes they have bags of food, sleeping bags, or ice chest and they knock and they are let in and then they disappear. I always peek and try to see what goes on behind their doors. Before the type of people that would be members were hippie types with mullets but today's members look more mainstream. Scary.
What follows is an editorial I wrote in 2004 in response to the news that India expressed concerns about Chinese plans then:
You leave home and you move on and you do the best you can
I have always wanted to make a puffed apple pancake and I did just that. I have fallen in love with apples and missed all the signs. Usually, we know when we are in love. Maybe, we are a little silly or a little moody or maybe it is a dreamy quality. We can't stop talking about "him" and go on and on with ridiculous details. "He drove a car. He played cards with Mom. He picked up the baby. What an amazing man!"
I would like to thank you all for your trust in my blog and cards! I think it is very special. And that is why I would like to give a candy to you to thank you! Furthermore I hope that I will have 300 followers on 4th May when my blog exists one year! Would you like to help me?
Oh, my fellow marketing professionals. My friends, my allies, my contemporaries.
"Seriously?" Abby squealed, grabbing Sam around the shoulders in a big hug. "Does Mum know?"
Ossobucho of Pork in red Lagrein wine served on thyme polenta
The adventure revolves around the search for the remains of a character's father, who disappeared and therefore could not be buried by his sons, dishonoring them. At the time of his disappearance the father was equipped with a family heirloom, a spear blessed by Wotan and Thurnor, that would never break in battle and added +1 to it's wielder's spear skill. A traveler will relate a tale in which the heirloom appears, drawing the character into a confrontation with its new owner and providing him with a clue as to the whereabouts of his father's remains. If no player character is appropriate, then an NPC thegn, Caedwalla, will be the heir and will ask the assistance of the player characters in the recovering of the artifact. The rest of the scenario is written presuming it is this NPC who is the heir.
Got lots of smiles out of Leon this morning! Tiff asked me to take him for a little bit before I went to work so we snuggled. His crabs-a-lot attitude is changing and he's not so crabby anymore. Unless of course he's hungry or has a load in his pants...
Anyway, the premise of the books, from what I can gather, is that the rapture comes and carries away the pious, and the rest are left to fend off minions of Satan, or something along those lines. So, of course, some enterprising and righteous soul came up with this fabulous idea - a videogame, wherein you, the Christian hero, pump Jesus into these liberal gay demon bastards using a submachine gun.
A testimonial from a thank you note written by one of my students:
Any suggestions? That don't involve links to Epicurious? Please?
2 tales
It's funny, I'd been looking for nesting tables, and when I want something specific, I rarely find it. These little tables were perfect for my needs...which include a "hen party" tonight and a buffet for a dozen of my favourite women. So they had to be READY...and they are! I re-glued and stabilized and did all the things we "trash to treasure junkies DO..." stripping, sanding, redoing...you know the drill! I thought initially that I'd paint the whole table, including the top...
Marvin is a paraplegic. He lost the use of his legs in a motorcycle accident just a few blocks from his home. He has been volunteering as a diver at the Aquarium, where he helps to clean the tanks twice a month. He cannot do this alone. He is required to have two other divers in the tank with him while he is there. In this photo you can see the lift that was put in place to help him get his gear into the tank. You can see him operating it here.
Does that mean we can't write about violence, cruelty and horror? Of course not. It's just as important to document the dark side of ourselves, the savagery, the self interest, all the bad things we do to each other - because ignoring things doesn't make them go away - even though Wallace Wattles (the original 'secret' inventor of "The Secret") might have disagreed!
Fresh basil, parsley or mint cut in chiffonade (ribbons)
Flocks of pigeons
With great lyrics
Embellishments, Shells, ribbon, string and a charm
We plan on a family afternoon tea on Sunday.
Starting with the album "Miles", and going through "Relaxin'", "Workin'", "Steamin'", and "Cookin'", is where Miles Davis really begins to show what a great musician he had become. All these albums have many fine tracks, and all should definitely be in any library of fine jazz. These albums have Davis' first outstanding band-Coltrane, Garland, Chambers, and Jones, along with Davis' fine, individual, warm horn playing. These albums were recorded in several long sessions, and the cohesiveness of the band is very apparent. Of all the Prestige recordings, these last few albums are the finest, and are some of the finest jazz in the history of the genre.
The last robot is destroying a housing complex and Batman swerves the Bat-plane into an antenna on a power plant, slicing it off and into the robot, electrocuting the robot and causing it to explode. The Bat-plane has lost a wing and crashes into the river......
"It's my job to run defensive operations." Pevan couldn't help the curt tone clipping her words. She kept her face forwards, fixed on the door to the cell, trying to ignore Notia.
Hope you enjoy, boys and toys, nickels and rhymes.
Superteachers can really embrace Pintrest in the classroom as a source tracking tool. The course I teach is called Professional Communication and Presentation, and we are focused not only on developing strong content but also strong visual presentation. Pintest can be used in my class to pin source material for presentations as well as to pin images to use in a presentation. Superteachers who have used Pintrest: how did you implement the website in your classroom?
There is a page where people have shared their astral experiences with Belsebuub. You can find them here: http://www.belsebuubcommunity.com/share-an-experience-youve-had-with-belsebuub/
I still give my husband a hard time about that, wishing he would have at least recommended I put on a pair of jeans or brush my hair (or teeth?). But it was sweet of them to give me a party so I couldn't be too upset about it.
Visit the sites in order to find the authors of a number of London books written between 1850 and 1950. Now use the following links to answer the following questions. You may have to search a little.
Finally, I came to the public building where the meeting was shortly to begin.
"Billy said they stick out, but I don't think so." She is still looking in the mirror, holding her hair half up and turning her head back and forth to check them out.
This morning, I woke up to Serena being soaking wet. Luckily, Luke got her out of her clothes while I got the little one all changed & ready for her busy morning.
"Let us purify ourselves from everything that contaminates body and spirit, perfecting holiness out of reverence for God."
Wife:
Deanna Sellyeh - I always had design related interests but I didn't know that interior design was a career until relatively late in the game. If you'd asked me at age ten, I probably would have said I wanted to design cars or be a carpenter.
29) Everyone in my high school used me as their agony aunt. I cannot believe how many girls thought that douching with Coke is an effective form of birth control.
Lose weight and get fit and healthy.
The good news is, most of us are pretty used to seeing that. It's annoying, but it's not a deal breaker. You DO want to fix it though cause it's really hard to read.
I decided to shock him so I said, "I'm ready now!"
06--(05:56)--- Fandango (introduced as "Come Play The Drum")
Probation officer Jason Hoover says all of the offenders found to be violation of the conditions of supervision will be sanctioned for their behavior. This can be done through more restrictive rules, financial sanctions, and/or jail time.The Lege has appropriated quite a bit of money in the last two biennia toward reducing probation officer caseloads precisely so POs could spend more time on personal supervision and less on paperwork. Community supervision can be effective if it's staffed and and evidence-based practices applied, but what happens when POs have so many people on their caseloads they can't effectively leave their office, much less do home visits on a Friday night?
After a season where the Germans were left obliterated by injuries, Vikitoria Rebensburg was by far the biggest winner for them of 2012. Not only winning the Giant Slalom globe, she has proven herself to be a possible winner of a future overall title as well. Positive performances from the first weekend, and a consistent quality throughout the season mean't that Viki landed herself 7th in the overall league. Her quality of skiing improving from previous years, in the speed disciplines also. And to think, some people mocked her gold medal win at the 2010 Olympic Games, suggesting that she was was a mere "flash in the pan", how silly their insults look now!
harasses brown people or big Wall Street
1 clarify
Yeah yeah, I was getting to Bela. They gave this poor man so much crap - when you start your Hollywood career as Bram Stoker's fave rave, you're gonna haveta expect some typecasting is in order. It's hardly Bela Lugosi's fault that he fared far worse than Boris Karloff or Lon Chaney in this respect - whereas Boris or Lon could be any character they so chose to be... Bela could only be Bela, to be honest. He tried being a Nazi (Black Dragons), the heroic mystic Chandu twice, he even got to play Frankenstein's Monster one time (Frankenstein Meets The Wolf Man), but most often played an evil doctor from some nondescript European country tampering in God's domain in some way. I suppose the best that can be said of his Ghoul Man character here is that he has no dialogue except for an off-screen scream. But the poor guy isn't even IN all of his scenes... but I'll get to that later on. Let's just say that for this being his last movie part, it's about as auspicious a screen bow as J. Carroll Naish's in Dracula Vs. Frankenstein.
Let me set the scene up for you:
It's my usual last minute rush for Easter cards, so I'm afraid I've gone very CAS (....so sorry to any of my family who are expecting a fancy card Ha!)
Beau Badem & AHA Member Chris Bowen
Hope your Holidays are Merry & Bright!!
Just as soon as I get back from Colorado. Leaving in less than 48 hours!
Pleading to our aching soles
Although I'm not a Braves fan, I truly wish Chipper well on his farewell lap of both leagues, but no matter what happens, he goes out a winner in my book, and it won't be long before we're talking about him as the next great Hall-of-Famer of our time! Hats off to you on a legendary career, Larry.
Immediately remove from pans to let cool.
What else can you think of for this beach theme?
This is how a direct tax is legally and Constitutionally collected. It is directly on you or something you own (inalienable property rights).
Q: You can put a red tick against it now instead of a cross.
"Jesus, Mick, last time I looked at all this stuff, Raider were right up there - what-the-fuck??"
seeing a man with a mustache evokes a variety of emotions within the beholder and i must admit, i have a bit of a weakness myself for a man with a decorated upper lip. it was my friend's birthday last week and he normally has a very perverted mouth-brow, so i thought this would be a perfect opportunity to make some mustache cupcakes. the party started out at something's fishy, moved on to a mexican themed cocktail party at my friend's house and ended up in a club with three tables adorned with bottles of kettle, veuve, and patron. needless to say this was one of the best nights of my entire life and i think everyone knew it. but back to the cupcakes. i never actually believed that my friends took copious amounts of adderall because they really had attention deficit disorder but after a night of sushi, sake bombing, pinatas, smirnoff icing, and bottle service, it's clear that their minds are all over the place. i figured i would bring the cupcakes to the cocktail party and since it was "mexican themed" a.k.a. they had a pinata, this chola made her classic snickerdoodle cupcakes and called them "churro flavored."
Reflective Vests for Uninsured Bikers - $20
O cleanse me from my secret faults! Keep your servant also from presumptuous sins lest they get dominion over me; so shall I be undefiled, and innocent of great offence. Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight, O Lord, my strength and my redeemer.
03. All Down The Line
We spent a lot of this last weekend with me directing Andrew on where to move things that I had intended to take care of, but really couldn't manage on my own. While I prize my "Lady Hulk" title, I am learning to ask for help when I need it. And ask I did.
There is no further information known or that can be divulged about the soundboard source for the Lyceum track.
Booster Action Max (Survival Mode) Complete Booster Action Affiliated 3 by assault Diddy Kong
The message that is received by people especially in other countries is that America is one of the most dangerous places on earth, where murder is supposedly commonplace, while in fact many other countries have higher murder rates and higher crime rates in general.
For more months
And so, this evening I tweeted my opposition to congratulate them on their victory and to wish them well leading the Australian Blogging Community into 2011.
we (brad, beau, michelle, mikayla & i) went out for lunch with my parents, my brother billy, and his lovely wife, debbie. we all have a great time!
I am sending out a wish...to you.
Couples/Marriages: Rose/Mickey, Rose/Doctor (arguably), Martha/Mickey, Amy/Rory, River/Doctor.
Me and Mom!
4 limbs
I've used a Car and Clock from my Tim Holtz stamp set and masked the car over the clock.
Oh the things we remember, years and years after they happen. One little nudge to the mind and they all come back in leaps and bounds. I like remembering things that have mostly been forgotten. I like trips down memory lane, especially when my mind chooses to remember the good parts and lets the bad bits lie where they sleep.
BFF (to female acquaintance): We need to find a great guy for Abbie.
Sen. Lindsay Graham (R-SC)
- Store frozen bags of milk in a standard-size gift bag. Cut a slot at the bottom of the gift bag and pull milk from there, and you'll always be pulling the oldest.
I've had this recipe bookmarked for ages. It looked so good when I found it in my reader, so I diligently bookmarked it, and then remembered that I very rarely eat dip.
The feedback and support I have received from fellow bloggers has been so helpful to me and I am inspired every day with each new post I read from the blogs I follow and love when I stumble across a new blog that I can't wait to hear more from!
These next 2 are of little Miss Priss being goofy. She played with this luggage forever! She kept asking to be pulled around. It was pretty humorous!
Datsik
A fellow Grosse Point Blank fan. Yay!
Then it was off to Savers. Carol got a few things, and I got a new brown Nike zipper hoodie (emergency sweatshirt - it was COLD today!) and some teal sparklie shoes and some Steve Madden slippers. Good Savers day! I used my 30% off coupon, too!
This evening, the Small Bear and the Large Bear had a conversation. The subject matter is irrelevant, but it was about the purchase of smart work shirts for the Large Bear. The Large Bear does not do "smart" or, at least, he didn't think he did.
I used a piece of cardboard for the cover. Decorated it with papers, fibers, crackle paint, glimmer mist, flower petals, lace, stones, seed beads, perfect pearls, paper cut outs, stickles and tons of mod podge.
Mocknick: According to certain websites, it is not a "standard practice" for an agency to charge upfront fees.
Outlaw IPA coming in cans around the first of May. More posts on that as it gets closer.
He crowns my life with lovingkindness
Im happy i seemed to have gotten some new followers even though ive been dead, your kind comments on my older posts are also appreciated thanks for joining and im glad you like my blog, anyone with any questions feel free to ask me anything or even just introduce yourself if your new here.
Drought and war made you scarce.
While I was finishing the headlights, and my brother was smearing and smearing again globs of pooh all over the windshield, I ducked down quickly because I spotted Neighbor Numbnuts standing on the balcony.
So the scores on the doors so far:
"Remind me to shut off the gas and remove the plates in four minutes. In the meantime, let us look over this Z-ray machine."
Since I have such difficulty finding hats, since my hair is so big. And I see no advice in fashion magazines or even the blogs, despite the minor hawking of hats as coming back and pimping out of hats that YOU can wear, unless, you know, your hair swallows it, I was thrilled to find the rules of thumb for hats in the pages of this tome.
33. The planetoid Makemake has a satellite called "Dodo."
Pepperoni/Mozzarella
Anyway, ignoring my feelings about the film technique, it raises a lot of questions that I find myself discussing often. In the film we hear from both sides of the argument. The "violence poisons our mind and desensitizes us" side, and the "Free speech" counter-point. This is an issue that rears its ugly head with each generation scapegoating art as the devil. In the early 20th century, the devil was jazz, in the 50's it was Elvis, in the 80's it was slasher films, and now it's video game violence (along with cable television). I have always argued that it was Disney all along...
8:00 - 6 oz jar of fruit, toast
"Good lord," his companion exclaimed. "You don't have a snowball's chance in hell of hitting her from here."
Should the last line of Genesis,
I'm sure it's because now I'm not chasing a ton of half and half with sugar or using flavored creamers. Not to mention that Oreo that always went so well with my coffee EVERY morning.
Tootles, Sue
Back to the Senate
But, here's an amazing fact about the lowly beet: Eaten fresh, they're surprisingly tasty.
Emma had a salad of grilled goats cheese and beetroot, beautifully presented, the dash of raspberry dressing provided enough sweetness to contrast with the acidity of the cheese.
02. Wish You Were Here
They bloom every other year
8) Cocaine
6. What's your favorite way to relax and unwind?
It is true that Muslim extremists did commit the 911-attacks. But does that mean that it is rational to fear all Muslims? No. That is a logical fallacy: confusing-the-part-with-the-whole...
1 3/4 pounds zucchini, sliced
I starve hungry by absence
Stars: 4/5
EPH 5:8 For you were once darkness, but now you are light in the Lord. Live as children of light 9 (for the fruit of the light consists in all goodness, righteousness and truth) 10 and find out what pleases the Lord. 11 Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them. 12 For it is shameful even to mention what the disobedient do in secret. 13 But everything exposed by the light becomes visible, 14 for it is light that makes everything visible. This is why it is said:
I am aware that I am not even close to having drunk every beer produced by The Kernel, but to provide that many wows out of may be only 15-20 beers I've tried is more than a little bit impressive.
and the boy.
Okay, hit me with your questions...
The next entremet I want to share with you is the chocolate mint entremet. It has layers of chocolate sponge, chocolate mousse and a center of mint mousse. My favorite technique used for this one is the top striped layer!
campaign had with them.
Amanda was smart as a whip with an attention span to match. She was curious and independent and loved having people around. She still does. She loved her baby dolls. When I brought my middle daughter home after she was born Amanda stood on the porch proclaiming "my baby doll, my baby doll!", as she saw me draw near with her baby sister in my arms.
Please come tell me why
The first official pilgrimage of the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham to its spiritual home -Walsingham itself - will be held on 15 September, which also happens to be the Feast of the Seven Sorrows of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
Other Notes: On my example the jaw is flopped wide open. It is held on by two tiny screws so you might be able to tighten it up and set the jaw the way you want. I liked him this way so I haven't tried that yet.
But there's something else too, a certain recapitulated variation on a theme. Through it all, through the very hard times and the very good times, I can count on the fact, as surely as I can count on rain and sun and day and night, that I will never tire of the clamor of life: its steady routine and its exigencies, the profane dreams and the clean sheets, the bittersweet flow of days and years, mad and sane, troubled or peaceful, all its variation and endless possibility.
Approx. 525 calories per serving
Burt Prelutsky's new book of political commentary, Liberals: America's Termites, now available. Send check or money order for $20 to cover shipping and handling to Scorched Earth Press, 16604 Dearborn Street, North Hills, CA 91343-3604
Ever since the school nurse told Alli that she was having some vision problems, Alli has over exaggerated her eye problems. In church I am the children's music director- and Alli would squint at me and my little pictures. At school, Alli sits up front- and she would overly squint and exaggerate. Whenever she'd watch TV, she would watch it totally normally...... until she saw I was looking at her, and then she'd squint. Faker.
But rather than walk away completely and find myself one day at that show Hoarders: Buried Alive or any other number of reality shows with a similar day I take a deep breath and find a spot to dig in. I can't say ever really want to get moving on the project but I am always pleased with the result and thankful the Lord gives us our homes for a respite from the chaos of this world!
But she's right. I need to tell it like it is. True, some people heavily in denial refuse to see what's there right in front of them no matter what, but most of the time, if you don't give them the whole story, you have to expect it will come back to you in a distorted form.
The top referring sites in 2010 were facebook.com, twitter.com, en.wordpress.com, thomandsean.com, and bigextracash.com.
One of the (many) things that has gotten me down is the fact that I haven't kept up with blogging at all. It's something that I really enjoy doing and I have no idea why I put it off. Sometimes I pressure myself too much about things until I no longer care to do them at all. Do any of you ever do this?
But the biggest shock of all is that he wants to Privatise the public libraries!!
it's socially conscious, too. from their FAQ:
2 Timothy 3:2 For men will be lovers of self, lovers of money, boasters, arrogant, revilers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
# 3 peace with God now because of our relationship with Lord Yahushua through faith. (Matthew 11:28; Hebrews 4:1, 3 and 8-11)
If you write a strong story that feels more like a one-time read (fun once, but unlikely to be asked for over and over) or that doesn't have a lot of scope for illustration, you may have a magazine piece rather than a picture book. That is great, too. Not every story is strong enough for a picture book, but that doesn't mean it isn't a good story. So make sure you have a children's magazine market list of some type so you can target those stories too.
Hunter conceded that should his measure become law, it could be politically detrimental to his party, but to him the most accurate picture of unemployment in the U.S. ranks above politics.
We don't have a big enough yard.
It goes far beyond this relatively harmless specteral horseplay, though, as the spirit of Otami the slain woman enters into Laura's body for brief moments, just long enough to make a suggestive comment to her husband's best friend, planting a seed of lust in his mind.
May Thy rich grace impart
Well, it really could be ANYTHING now, right? The possibilities are endless. And as soon as you start trying to figure out why a bunch of people would be after a mint condition Luke Skywalker figurine you find you have a rather unique plot on your hands.
Consider, for instance, these two troubling examples from the e-mail exchanges. First, Cline misrepresents physical evidence:
numerous times and my sister's home as well.
can pass each other in opposite directions.
2. Legacy by Synergy
Anyway, it went pretty well. I still have my recount turned off, so I just asked once or twice whether I was doing alright. They said I was doing just fine. 8k ish I believe .. not great, but more than passable.
The others are all looking the same as yesterday. I brought Clarice out for a bit and all she did was cry the whole time. I'm off to make some turkey carcass soup with the vegetables I bought.
8. The best way to attract real friends is to be real.
In the future, I might start this strategy sooner because it really helped get me to the end.
Alexander Ovechkin gave 90% in scoring the game winning goal at Madison Square Garden
Providence Journal (RI)
Her Son lived out her song in His life and ministry. He died to set things right, not only between God and man but between man and man. He is returning to complete the task and reign as King. He has left us with His message and His task till He returns.
I know what I want, but I can't get what I want. :-(
Did you know that on blogger, we own NOTHING! They can shut us down tonight.
And if you are wondering about our chickens....well, the girls are laying eggs like crazy, about 17-20 a day. It's so nice to have fresh eggs to enjoy and share with the family:)
If you live in the Cincinnati or Northern Kentucky area, this place is a must try, especially if you have little ones. Classic stands like this are hard to come by, and home made root beer is too.
Scotland, The Brave
Here are some of the great link-ups from last week. I had to trim my initial list to feature, it was getting too long!! :)
GC1V64K
Ribbon- Carnmeal cottage
This is just another example.
She's colored with Copics and Prismas. I used some gorgeous My Mind's Eye papers. It was so hard for me to actually cut into this pad. It's just so beautiful.
The Black Prism by Brent Weeks
She said the IMF has so far raised $320 billion of its $400 billion target as it moves to increase its firepower to deal with the eurozone debt crisis.
So what was the first thing I made with this tool? I made a Hello Kitty tiramisu cake! We were going to celebrate my mom's birthday a few weeks early since my brother was going to be in town, and since her favorite dessert is tiramisu I had been planning to make her tiramisu cake. And while I was unpacking all the goodies I had bought on vacation, I suddenly realized that I could use the pan sushi mold make the tiramisu instead!
Its rain, and its the type that makes my hair go excessively curly.
I have included a link for you here
* Drop teaspoonful of dough onto non greased baking sheet, bake about 8-10 minutes until light brown.
Creekside Park, Murrieta
Flowers -Wild orchid crafts
Life has a way of coming full circle. Exactly two years ago I landed a regular column with Time Out Sydney covering suburban eats. My first review appeared in the May 2010 Cheap Eats issue - a fitting theme for this cheap 'n' cheerful fan. Now I'm pleased to reveal that the latest Time Out Sydney 2012 Cheap Eats feature was curated and written by yours truly - my first ever cover story!
I've been learning and growing in my time management skills as I've had to figure out how to balance being a wife, mother, apartment manager and friend this year. It has proven to be good, hard work as I learn the importance of putting the needs of my husband and kids before work and household chores. I never realized how hard it would be to put the laundry down or leave a sink full of dirty dishes so that I could play and spend quality time with my boys!
might it have been when it began, again, i ask myself.
CBA has followed Spain's Estrella Damm through door number two--removing gluten from barley and brewing it normally. No millet, no sorghum, just regular ingredients processed by removing the gluten. (CBA has lots of information and science behind the testing standards.) I'd love to know the process--I envision hundreds of lab technicians dissecting malt grains and tweezing gluten molecules, but as delightful as that image is, it's impractical and unlikely--but Widmer's not saying. There's other science here I'd like to know more about, like how the two beers, a pale ale and a lager, manage to raise a head without the gluten. Perhaps in time these secrets will emerge.
Don't be fooled by this breakfast item, it was actually a late night snack. With fresh raspberries in my fridge, I felt the need to be all decadent and fancy with my food. This is such a easy recipe that exact measurements are really unnecessary.
For the cheaper stuff, consider using the honor system: "I'll leave the lamp by my front door. If you decide to take it, please leave $5 under the mat." That way you don't have to wait around and schedule times, and if someone steals it, big freakin' deal.
Besides being kind and respectful and all that, he must also have spanko tendencies, a dirty side, a dirty mouth, a firm hand, control without being abusive... all of these extremely picky things regarding bedroom romping, and who can be this perfect person?
People who use the C word aren't necessarily bad people, they're just deviants.
VII. CONSERVATION AND THE FUTURE
I then realise how silly I am.
It was the Labor Day Holiday and our company is to have an outing in Bolinao, Pangasinan.
Hello, hello, hello my lovely readers! I hope you are all having a spiffy sort of Thursday?
As a business leader, it is important to have a sound mind and make sound decisions. There are 2 schools of thought; one that suggests the importance of empathy in business and the other, which states that business decisions are to be devoid of emotions.
Any plans for April Fools tomorrow? One year I put a rubber-band around the kitchen sink faucet sprayer and got my husband and both boys really wet when they turned on the faucet. I thought it was funny, but they didn't really share my sentiment. LOL
She then sent me a link to amazon.uk where her US book was clearly for sale.
a dye pot, a spinning wheel,
The new allegations involve raping and wounding a third woman, falsely imprisoning and causing grievous bodily harm to two other women and twice sexually assaulting one of them by penetration.
Some would have to be left: that was a certainty. Hundreds in fact were left. But, to all appearances, the men
I have prepared an overview of honourable politicians and mainstream people like academics, actors, popular entertainers who have voiced fears for the future. It is long and people do not have to plough through it but use it is a resource for research and examples. It shows that the way of thinking the state is bullying us into is perverse and that the instinct to conserve our homogeneity is the natural way for for all peoples.
Jerica Rosenblum and I (and our significant others and kids) had dinner last Saturday night. Afterwards we picked up some beer and proceeded to drink it in my kitchen. We then proceeded to pull out instruments and play tunes. We started with the old ska stuff - "One Love," "Rivers of Babylon," "Sweet & Dandy," etc., then started playing Meph songs. She's such an epically skilled keyboard player who has played many times with Meph since the early days (she was playing horn lines while holding up the backbeat), so it really just sounded phenomenal and the people we were hanging out with were awestruck. (On a side-note, that's one of the things I always really appreciated about Meph tunes - we could play them totally bare bones and they sounded good.)
01 Blue Moon (Rodgers, Hart) 4:35
Dr. Ron Breaker
As promised in my last post
I know I should really have made all those links but it would take forever!
The humorous Wellington boot incident happened on 10th November; it is now 20th December. I have had problems ever since.
The thought of throwing a house party on my birthday mhmmm 6 more months huh
I've been mulling this one since Day Uno of Adnoxious, trying to decide whether it's the ultimate example of a television message perfectly executed and incisively delivered, or whether everyone involved in its creation needs to immediately put down whatever they're doing, bid their loved ones adieu, and check themselves into a psychiatric hospital.
It was against this backdrop that the 7th Platoon of G Company, of the second battalion of Scots Guards unit of the British Army, belied its centuries-long reputation for honour. On Dec 12, 1948, under the leadership of Sgt Charles Douglas, the Guards surrounded a rubber estate near Batang Kali, Selangor. Looking for Communist guerillas who habitually moved in and out of the local population, they shot and killed 24 ethnic Chinese villagers before razing the village.
The RCMP makes male and female recruits pass the same baseline physical tests. Proponents for a more multicultural force say that anything lost in brute force would be made up in empathy, language skills and the ability to reach out to cultural communities.
I hope you have a wonderful weekend. Thanks for dropping by. I'd love to hear any comments you'd like to leave.
But I see her now, standing on top of my roof. My younger sister, thirteen. It was her in the visions. Not me.
I used an ivory coloured large square card from Craft UK, via Joanna Sheen's site. The glittered backing paper is from a First Edition pad called Hideaway, and it's matted on to dark green card from Ross Paper. I cut some Spellbinders leaves in the dark green card and placed them down the right side. I added some dark green buttons along the bottom, they were from Create and Craft. I stamped the image with Memento black ink and coloured him with my Promarkers before matting on to more dark green card. I nearly forgot to say that I used my Distress Ink in Forest Moss around the edges of the image.
YOU have to have extensive product knowledge of not just your own product, but the competitions product.
Breaking from my self-imposed hiatus, I have written the below piece on the Japanese crisis. The content has little to do with technology as it has not been written with that purpose in mind. The below paragraphs, sentences and words are my attempt to digest the effects of the earthquakes and tsunamis that hit Japan between the 11th and 12th of March 2011. I deliberately omitted images and videos from this post in order to avoid sensationalising the content.
I started with the manila tag and added the layer of the sewing pattern paper. I cut the pattern to capture the bits I wanted on my tag.
Our winner from last week's challenge, randomly-selected, is
.... "There is also a sensuous and flirtatious aspect to biographical research: breaking seals and confidences, untying ribbons from bundles of documents, raising the dust of strangers' lives, dealing and unpacking other people's intimacies, deciphering their photos . . ."
One of the most common medications prescribed to adults, and especially the elderly, is in the anti-depressant classification. Anti-depressants cause a long list of side effects including blurred vision, weight gain, headache, anxiety and sleep disruption. Many of these effects lead to a lowered quality of life and actually worsen the condition being treated. Multiple studies have determined that Omega-3 supplementation cuts depression ratings by 50%, without the devastating side effects of prescription drugs.
The second event bringing the crows into focus was the day I arrived home to find one calmly walking on my roof ridge. Goosebumps popped out on my arms and legs and a cold chill ran down my spine. The image of evil from every movie depiction of crows and there it was, on my roof.
- eggplant
Thursday: 6 miles easy at 9:00 pace
Exercise produces ROS (Reactive Oxygen Species) and Vitamin C is thought to hinder this. ROS expedites the metabolism and improves insulin production.
Do I want tonal and moody, or light and airy? Can't have it both ways. The tonal approach will give me a grittier, more somber, and perhaps a more timeless feel. On the other hand, the lighter, bluer shadows imply that I have a blue sky above the buildings, contrasting with the orange afternoon light. It implies a particular time of day, a particular kind of light, and that my intent would have to be to suggest that that's important. Is it about the color temperature shifts, or the patterns and shapes of the shadows?
Patricia painted the farmhouse!
Elizabethtown Kentucky
The characters are what makes this such an exceptional book because they are just so real. Cousins uses so many tiny details to bring the boys to life and they're definitely two of my favourite characters of this year. I was absolutely rooting for them from the outset, which make the book so much more enjoyable than if I'd only had lukewarm feelings for them. Caring about the characters raises the stakes and makes the outcome of the novel so much more important and I was really hoping things worked out as well as possible for Jay and Laurence.
Striving to be more organized can form habits that are productive in day-to-day activities outside of your craft.
They tell you to be careful on the internet. Careful about who you talk to. What you say. And be extra careful if you go to meet them.
I found the bottom two adequate to my liking, then the next two not able to keep me from other distraction*read: not good enough*.
a circular vision to read and re-read
This site is large and comprised of two main mounds. Around these mounds are, as stated above in Tip #013, piles of rocks.
My in-laws were also a big help. My mother-in-law came over a couple of times to watch E. while I went to the lumberyard for supplies and my father-in-law helped me (as he often does) bring home the armoire in his SUV.
These boxes filled with bits and pieces of this and that have my imagination wondering...how I would love
1/4 cup packed brown sugar
Via Bloomberg:
Hello. My name is Reagen, and I have a sugar addiction.
I got a worthless degree in Broadcast Journalism. While most of the classes I took were a complete waste of my time, money and mind, there were a couple that I found pretty interesting. One of those was a basic video production class.
I exercise to avoid feeling anxious._____
"Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." - Christopher Robin to Winnie the Pooh :)
There is an unrelenting tyranny to demographics; the statistical study of migrations and birth rates of peoples throughout the world. Unless Europe and America address it, putting the breaks on further immigration, they are at risk of falling prey to it and failing as a result of it.
Level 2: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 6%.
This means:
1. Navel oranges, .49/lb. at Sprouts and Sun Harvest (through 3/30/11)
So, here is Sunday's card ....
for we ourselves forgive everyone in debt to us,
Hope your Friday is wonderful~
from the fear of being humiliated,
"Well I have apologised Madam."
These jeans disappeared at some point and I suspect Kathy Heckathorne to be the culprit, sneaking them into the Goodwill pile when helping me with a move. Unfortunately for her, Zara.com has a whole range of zippered denim goodness and I bought this white version.
i stamped a flourish then went over it in a glitter pen.
Find Out More
She has moved beyond the pain and now enjoys only the pleasure
I'm sure Aunt Millie would understand.
Thank you so much for you patience while I took my little break from blogging. I have definetly taken a step back to spend time with Mike and the girls. There has been big changes in our lives...all good, but still big changes.
I'm trying desperately to cheer myself up, Muppets doling out life wisdom right before death while swigging whiskey and smoking a cigarette may help, though it's not the cheeriest skit I've seen, that's for sure. Anyway, great song. Fitting. Listen to it. Besides, it's nice remembering what Kenny Rogers looked like before he fucked his face up with all that plastic surgery.
SENATOR REED: My sense is that the Reserve and National Guard forces are not available to replace this.
Him male and your only man. Gift him all,
*"What do you call your underwear/undergarments? Do you have any commonly used nicknames for them?"*
Tuesday we came back to Norway after some shopping and sightseeing. I think Grant got back without having to go to Milan this time, and Rich and I had an uneventful flight except for a whining child that had the MOST annoying voice I have EVER heard. The kid was about two years old and a bit too old to act the way he was, but his mother completely ignored him and he whined and whined and WHINED in this wierdly timbered voice that sounded like buzzing bees and nails on chalkboards all at once, until you could see everyone sitting near him shifting in discomfort. The plane landed and we all buggered off but FAST, just to get away from that horrible kid. Usually I feel sorry for moms having to travel with testy kids, but this mom did not give a crap and just ignored the little bugger....which sort of exacerbated the problem.
I may be spending quite a bit of time in my craft room over the next few days - the weatherman is predicting snow tomorrow (schools here are going to be closed in anticipation) and since we are not set up to deal with snow here in the southern USA- we just huddle in and wait for it to go away!
But Mr. Think came prepared for all eventualities. His burly assistants jumped on Sharshar and restrained him and his pathetic minions with no effort. When peace was restored, Mr. Think urged Nibras to continue.
I sat in stunned silence. What should I say? What could I say? Should I laugh it off? Should I ignore it? Pedro walked over with the coloring mixture, grabbed another bite of the burrito and began the task of wrapping my hair in foil and applying the goop. When in doubt, do nothing is a motto that had helped me in the past and that is what I did now; absolutely nothing. As Herr Shultz would say: I see NOTHING! I know NOTHING!
OK, now I'm going to veer seemingly off topic to talk about Lucien's karate instructor. Lucien's karate instructor is a real life Mr. Miyagi, except he's about 6 foot 4, weighs hundreds of pounds, is of German descent, can bench press a house and likes to uproot trees with his bare hands when he's bored.* When he's not teaching karate, he's an ultimate fighter -- that's that crazy sport with no rules. So he's just like Mr. Miyagi, minus absolutely everything except his mad skills and perhaps his ability to trick other people into doing his housework.
It's unfortunate that our corrupt Govt, that only listens to its own political lobby groups, will ignore this as the plan is to push towards criminalisation or quit before it is kicked out of Govt in three years time.
The thing is, and I know you're thinking it, I know that Nipper and I will be the biggest, most formative influence on how he feels about school, books, learning, etc... But if we choose wrong, or he doesn't get in, I'll feel like maybe we missed an opportunity for everything to be perfect. There I said it. Saying it out loud, is the first step right? I'm Marija, and I keep trying to make everything perfect. Someone please send me a vaporizer. Mommy needs to go bye bye.
* 7-8 cups of bread flour
Yep! We have been wanting to do this for a long time and finally did. We originally thought Kyle and Dad would have been braces buddies, but because of insurance change we had to wait.
That child may then seek those qualities in all his important relationships, throughout his life. But if someone never experiences those things, how will he know what to look for?
The Maestro Quads have been around for years, but it was only last year that I was introduced to these lovely palettes. It started when I purchsed the limited edition 2011 Mediterranean Eye palette. I was so impressed with the colors, texture and overall quality of the palette that I decided to get another one from the permanent line. The Maestro line has six different quads (Armani calls them harmonies) to choose from, and after some deliberation, I chose no. 2 Floral.
Gently tap each dish on the work surface to remove all the air bubbles and place them into a large roasting pan.
There is an on-suite jacuzzi and massage service for Barry's ailing back and lots of time for Linda to take photographs and visit with friends in the area.
Sitting in the window where the clothes once were, I stir my coffee and look out across the square. There's a huge pub called the Daylight Inn. It was named for William Willett, a campaigner for daylight saving. I know there's a memorial for him in the woods; a huge sundial. Just behind the Daylight there used to be a kitchen shop, with a small office above it, where I worked for twelve hours a week while Megan was at nursery. Cornwall Lord Chartered Accountants moved away long ago; but I still remember how I used to dash out of there at lunchtime to pick Megan up, I remember how she loved to cross the road to the bakers on the corner for a hot sausage roll.
Me - But what about Uncle Stu? You don't think his tattoo is scary, do you?
Pull the tape so it is straight out but don't pull it so tight that it pulls it up off the floor and pulls up the pin. Take a marker and put it at the 1" end of the tape. I just poke mine through the little hole in the metal tip. Then draw an arc across the paper, making sure to keep the tape straight.
Here in Germany the law says that each homeowner is responsible for making the path outside their property safely passable (on foot btw, I don't have to clear the road as well thank goodness)
Belgium is not the only country split along linguistic lines in Europe, but there is a country that tackles it much better. Whereas the best Swiss microbreweries are looking to Belgium for inspiration, the reverse should have been true for Belgian politicians. But then again, copying the Swiss model would leave many of them without a job, so I suppose it is out of question.
I think the motivation to get good grades is what drives me to, you know, complete stuff. Writing on my own for fun is very different.
Having recently read and enjoyed the first 3 books of Gail Carringer's Parasol Protectorate Books, I decided I wanted to dress as the main character Alexia Tarabotti. These books are set in an alternate Victorian London with supernatural characters and some steampunk technology.
These were fluffy cake-like cookies that I could not stop "testing". The pudding made them super moist and almost fudgy...I say everyone who reads this should go through their pantry and try to find these things and mix and match with different flavors...
And what is it?
Titanic (1997)
Televised testimony
and my cloak was just as heavy on my back
These changes are not necessarily being experienced by everyone concurrently, for instance, a very small percentage of adults have already embodied a further 2 strands of DNA (as at 2001) and are now beginning to move into fourth dimensional awareness. This physical change in our state of being is completely dependent upon our current level of consciousness, therefore, as we lift our perceptions to embrace ever increasing levels of truth and higher thought, so we embody further strands of DNA. This entire process is managed by our I AM presence or higher self, so we are in extremely capable and loving hands, and must therefore, learn to surrender to it.
Jenna- Jennifer Garner would be the perfect Jenna.
I will definately be looking at more works by this author.
Charming.
2009 we were named #7 on the Top 20 Music Blog Websites by
1 employee
The language is jus so beautifully balanced and sad and just wonderful. And the final sentence so incredibly poignant.
Last Monday evening I had to carry a 25kg (55 lb) sack of pig food pellets in from the truck. I hauled the bag up onto my ample shoulder and staggered into the laundry where I keep the animal feeds. It was a distance of 10 metres, I was huffing and really burdened by that weight.
Any miracles occurring in your garden or any that you hope will this spring?
Have you ever read the ingredients list back there?
Psst: I can't stop thinking HOLIDAYS! I've already starting planning and shopping from; what tree to get, went to HOB LOB to find new Christmas decorations since they are on sale. Oh and I ordered some Christmas presents last week and they are hiding in the basement TeeHee
The mama decided to ride Daisy a bit at this point and I took her place on the bleachers. I warned her that she was uber lazy and didn't neck rein, but she still came back saying how lazy she was! ;) She got her to trot a few times and the last time she tripped so she said that was all she did of that (her hooves are long!) I also got to talk to the farrier about her hoof and he said it was just long and needed a trim, yeah! I got his card and will be calling him today to set up an appointment. He said he charges $40.00 for barefoot. This is about right for around here. What are yalls prices?
She would later be told Jo died on a train after having his wrists tied above his head without food or water for ten days. She returned home to find all of the rice they had hidden had been taken by the police. The kids were hungry, and her mom had been watching them.
I made the scones in the evening and cut them into 16 small squares. I put them on this 1/4 sheet pan and wrapped it tightly with plastic wrap. Then I froze them overnight. In the morning, you can just pop them in the oven (spread out on two 1/2 sheet pans) for a little longer than the recipe's recommended baking time. In my rush, I forgot to put the egg wash and sanding sugar on the scones before baking so your finished scone may look a bit different.
The dreamChaser is back with a more simple and realistic blog layout.
Finally picked out a lining for my bag. I found this Alexander Henry print in my stash - another good reason why I need to keep it neat! I'm hoping to finish this bag before I go away this weekend, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to....we'll see!
Ozeri Bath Scale: Amanda R
And, what I have learned is that if I say something is giving me "a little bit of anxiety," it means that it's a knots in my stomach, heart palpitations kind of "little bit of anxiety."
The Gaoping Family Planning confiscations have their roots not in the Family Planning restrictions, but in the Shaoyang orphanage. Area residents reveal that before 2000, Family Planning officials would punish a family for having an overquota child by smashing their furniture or destroying their homes. "Since 2000 they haven't smashed homes. They abduct children," one local resident stated. The change occurred when the orphanage began to reward the Family Planning official who confiscated a child with 1,000 yuan cash. Now, instead of having to expend energy smashing a couch or end table, the officials could simply take the child and be paid nearly a month's salary as a reward.
It was awesome.
Then there was a pot, drinks and lots of yummy things to nibble on. Glad to see my tax euros being put to good use - that champagne was tasty!
Oil - 2 tbsp.
First, you need to mix up the dry rub. The recipe for the rub is way more than you'll need, so have a good airtight container ready to store the rest for future use. My recipe is based on Hugh's Dry Rub Recipe, with minimal additions or substitutions. Here's mine:
Back to England we go, Internets.
Wednesday: Shepherds pie
India factor
All the gods sat back in amusement
Before we move on to challenge business we had a very special birthday on the Penny Black team this week. Our Nat has been given the key to the door and celebrated her 21st birthday.
the spider said is true
to swamp the small boats
What I had never felt before
The landlord of The Vaults Bar - a real traditional 'local' - is extending a warm welcome by offering us exclusive use of his main bar which faces onto the High Street, a courtyard with comfy seating, and of course being a bar, plenty of beer on tap. A perfect place to begin the day.
If you'd like to join in the 52 weeks to simplify your life please check out Deb's blog by hitting the button below. She explains how to quickly set up your own blog to do this on too if you'd like to do that too.
If I keep adding sections/flowers to the bicone next to the top middle one, the five-petal design will make the whole think curve, forming a semi-circle -- and eventually turn around, making a complete circle, if I continue in the same direction. This curve would look great as a necklace focal or I could make a necklace using multiple semi-circles, creating a scalloped design.
I'm starting to get bored there.
Green linen shirt: H&M
One of the biggest differences between CISPA and its SOPA predecessor is that the Web blocking bill was defeated by a broad alliance of Internet companies and millions of peeved users. Not CISPA: the House Intelligence committee proudly lists letters of support from Facebook, Microsoft, Oracle, Symantec, Verizon, AT&T, Intel, and trade association CTIA, which counts representatives of T-Mobile, Sybase, Nokia, and Qualcomm as board members.
Is it faster than our car? It depends on where we are driving.
And leaves you in the dust.
You can see the greenery at the other side of the window at the top , in the picture below.
Once past these changes, I was struck by the film's fidelity to the book. They both have the very strong USP of the little girl who goes through a door in the wall of her parents' new apartment and finds an alternative mother and father in the one next door.
So, to learn our minutes, I have created worksheets that include 240 Opposite Action Words. (Nothing like Excel and Mail Merge and a sick child taking a super long nap to get all this done!)
19. Money (11:58)
I thought you may like to see some pictures that were recently taken of an attraction which was held at our village show........
The field of the poor yields abundant food, but without justice it is swept away. (Proverbs 13:23)
Jalan Upland, Off Simpang Tiga,
____ Ability to laugh at yourself
274...extra cuddles with my third
Skimming down to Camelot:
In addition I try to walk as much as possible to de-stress and keep my body strong. I'm a long way from being in shape for soccer season, but I do what I can in the winter :p Finally, another major factor in taking good care of myself is, of course, eating well! Keeping my mental and physical functions going at hyper-speed for looooong days and weeks requires the right fuel, just like a car. Eating food that I love relaxes me, but it is even more important to eat things that my body will love. Sugar, caffeine, and simple carbs may give me short bursts of energy and feelings of happiness, but all too soon that high will drop and leave me even more emotionally and physically drained. Instead, I aim to consume foods that give me energy from vitamins and minerals. This means lots of fruits and veggies of every shape and color to boost my immune system and whole grains and legumes for sustained energy. Nuts and seeds are also great sources of complex energy and protein. In addition, about 95% of my liquids are purified water or herbal tea which are essential to keeping my body running smoothly. Of course, I don't meet all of these goals all of the time and sometimes you just need to eat some simple carbs and sugar, but these practices have served me well so far as I'm months away from graduating high school and stepping into the stages of my life and I can take all this craziness and no just die because I'm trying to take care of my mind and body. :)
You all have a good Monday!
3 lb light malt extract
BLISS in Russian means this.....
#3 - to create a homogenous mass - another big point. You want your individual ingredients to lose their sole identities to become one happy family.
my party! Mostly because she let me
Exodus 23:20-23:
The Punker, Edgier Storm- It sucked, people hated it, it went away.
These books are very easy to read--he could have easily read them himself but instead I read to him while he was in bed. They depict the trail and homesteading from the perspective of a 10-year-old boy.
We need each other.
This offer is only open until the 14th September, so get in there before Eid!
So I will eat many meals to nourish me.
face down, cheek pooled cool to ground - looking back I'm glad it wasn't jute
A rabble-rousing right-wing talk show host has been stirring up trouble. No, not that one: don't be so US-centric. I'm talking about Egypt's Tawfiq Okasha, who seems to have provoked today's clashes between pro-SCAF and anti-SCAF protesters outside the US Embassy in Cairo. Okasha, who as publicly supported the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and denounced the release of the detained US and other foreign NGO workers, urged protests against the US Embassy and support for SCAF. (Yes, SCAF gets $1.3 billion from the US annually. Yes, there's no way the NGO workers could have left Egypt without SCAF signing off on it, but since no one has publicly admitted to lifting the travel ban, it must have been a plot. Don't try to be too analytical here: it will give you headaches.) Anyway, a pro-SCAF, anti=American protest assembles outside the Embassy, demanding the "deportation" of the US Ambassador (to Israel, since Israel had to enter in somewhere here).
I have a couple of projects to share with you today.
Why mention it? Because it contrasts quite well with the comments he has been hearing from his friends in the last few weeks.
May you have strength, and
I used only white cardstock and used two different embossing folders. Then I used a white ribbon (Home Sweet Home), a silver snowflake and more bling for the snow. I like how all the colors look on the white background.
So, on this Tacky Music Monday here are Mikhail Baryshnikov and our patron saint Liza Minnelli with their fabulously energetic version!
-You FINALLY appreciate all the hard work and sacrifices your mom made for you, and pray you can do half as good of a job for your own kids!
And walk.
They take over the lunchroom and library.
When I graduated high school I thought of myself as an adult, but I was wrong.
How English!
Yea, and cry unto God for all thy support; yea, let all thy doings be unto the Lord, and whithersoever thou goest let it be in the Lord; yea, let all thy thoughts be directed unto the Lord; yea, let the affections of thy heart be placed upon the Lord forever. (Alma 37:36)
dizziness or light-headedness (58 percent
One theme that I have been noticing is that, with the wedding so close, it makes me think about my relationship with Chris in a different way. Mostly what that means is that conversations about the future surface more -- and not in the "isn't it fun to dream about the future" kind of way, but in the "how are we actually going to make this happen?" kind of way.
Something to end with, my pretty flowers and edible arrangements that were sent to me after we arrived home from the hospital! I just never posted these! And, mmmmmmm that fruit was delish! :)
Today we offer some tips, based on searches we have observed, user comments and live feedback from focus groups.
Suppressing our capacity for reason, we raise the pursuit of money to the status of a sacred mission, failing to notice that money is nothing but a number of no intrinsic value and that we are destroying the real wealth of people, community, and nature to grow the numbers on financial asset statements.
So, where does that leave us?
I said I'd be back today, so here I am... I don't have anything fun planned though!
6And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.
They don't come to meet YOU...
I have sent out an email and if there is no reply within 48 hours another winner will be drawn.
Leviticus 19:2 Speak unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, and say unto them, Ye shall be holy: for I the LORD your God am holy.
This month you also:
I was destined to live in San Francisco based on one of the earliest stories I remember from my childhood. My dad and his brother-in-law took a day trip to the city when I was a toddler, and when reporting to my mom about their activities of the afternoon, decided to freak her out.
Oh--wait--here's the slide show with his girlfriend, I mean dollfriend, I mean--er--uh--oh, never mind.
Tallgrass Halcyon - Thirst-quenching, refreshing and sessionable, Halcyon is the tailgate beer you might want to turn to in the later summer months, when the weather is especially hot or sweltering and a super hoppy IPA just doesn't sound quite as appealing. Out in the sun, you could easily put down a lot of this pale wheat beer without thinking twice.
We are so happy with this flooring and our decisions! By doing this, we have saved well over $1500 that hardwood flooring would have cost. We like it so much, that we plan to do this in our kitchen soon. We plan to paint or whitewash it there though.
Monday: community dining at Balsley's (or Balsley take-out for those at soccer) Spaghetti!
Further, I've never heard tell of anyone who was able to convince someone to switch parties simply by arguing politics with them over a beer or three.
Think all of this Bug out bagging is wrong. Go take your 72 hour kit and stay away for 96 hours. Don't head to the woods go to the shittiest neighborhood you can find in the dead heat of summer, locate and abandoned building and lie low. Then by comparison do a 96 hour drill at your domicile. Shut the power off, shut the water off and hunker down for four days. Either way you come away enlightened.
You can fetch the sick bag now.
Kill him instead,
1-2 egg yolks (for the wash; alternatively, some yogurt, egg whites, or a whole egg)
Sheriff Fatman
The book continues to indicate that the top or closure head couldn't be roll bonded, so that the stainless steel was applied by weld deposition (machine welding.)
You live in a fancy apartment
Sizzix embossing folder
This is a dilemma because we have a lovely house, we've started building a life together and J will still need to be based in Portarlington.
Jenna - Sew Happy Geek
I need therapy. Seriously. I love to shop at King Arthur online. This store is my toy store. I have been slowly accumulating their products, and have been experimenting with them. I discovered that the Vital Wheat Gluten really helped my Pioneer Woman Buttered Rosemary Rolls to rise beautifully. The three products that you see pictured above, were going on a maiden voyage for this recipe I'm about to show you. I've used Fleishmann's Rapid Rise Yeast for ages. I decided to buy a bag of SAF Instant yeast, since bread bakers rave about it. Enough product talk... let's talk about yeast. The SAF Instant yeast is supposed to not need any kind of "proofing". That translates, simply, into dissolving the yeast with some sort of sugar-- honey or sugar, for example and waiting for it to "foam". I think people are afraid of killing the yeast. One more important thing-- I store my yeast in the refrigerator (some people use the freezer) and check the expiration date! Yeast should be live!
Beatles She loves you UK
Whenever I see a recipe involving water, I always wonder what would be the result of substituting beer. As I make my own bread with this "just add water" flour mix, I thought I'd give "beer bread" a shout.
I am still saddened by the eventuality of this new building and for anyone who supports the planned new skyscraper I'd like to say this;
Reliable is not a word that I would use describe my recent cell phone service. I have been with the same large, well-known company for almost 10 years and have always had great realiable service and friendly customer support. Not so much lately. For the last month or so I have had sketchy service. I have more and more "lost" calls, calls that never come through but show as "missed" and voicemails that show up a day or so after I receive them. Not gonna work for me. Here's the kicker - after finally getting fed up enough with the service I try to call customer support. I spend TEN minutes trying to get through their automated system. TEN minutes just to get to a live person. I would hit a menu option and it would repeat the menu. Apparently, due to my poor reception it could not "hear" the option I chose. When I finally got a live person I hear, "I'm sorry, Ma'am. I cannot hear you. (Mind you, I don't think I had spoken a word to him yet). We are having technical issues and you will need to call back."
I have in my heart the morning we said good-bye to you as God took you home to be with him.
At the hearing he commented,
6. Exercise at least 3 times per week.
the pillow in.
I did make a change in the sweetener used. Brooke used a combination of splenda and sugar, but I prefer honey for an alternative sweetener. Because I used honey, I had to reduce other liquid (veg oil) and lower the oven temperature.
-Psalm 55:19
*Dance to 100 rap
4. Paint
Love and respect. My kids love and respect now, and I want them to continue into teenage years and adulthood. Love and respect goes a long way.
I'm a klutz. I have five grandchildren. I love dogs.
I hope you found some, at least, of my answers interesting.
Basic Grey Ribbon & Buttons
A couple of hours then, I returned to the apartment. Pierre was cleaning his roller blades and the French music with a rather high volume made it a bit relaxed compared to the stiff aura earlier.
Papoose
9. "Everything Will Be Alright"
The Roots' drummer and producer, Ahmir "?uestlove" Thompson, spoke on NPR's Bryant Park Project this morning to discuss the band's upcoming record, and its song "Singing Man," created in response to the Virginia Tech shooting. The Roots were scheduled to perform at the college the day after the massacre, and the show was canceled.
Enough chocolate chip biscuits were baked to do us through the week and to package up a few for visitors to take home.
End of Act One
rocks me all night long
cut you off.
And I was never a fan of Super Hoe.
-Clean the whole chicken,wash under running water ,drain in a colander.Keeps aside.Make gashes over the thicker parts of the chicken.
On A Saturday - Keith West
Once the world's fourth-largest lake, the sea has shrunk by 90 percent since the rivers that feed it were largely diverted in a Soviet project to boost cotton production in the arid region.
-myspace
Amarys is fourteen months! Nutty. In fact, I call Amarys 'Peanutty' and 'Peanut Butter' as variations of 'Peanut' all the time, so it is appropriate that it feels nutty that she is growing in leaps and bounds. Dudes, she's growing up at warp speed~the more kids I have, the faster it goes... I just love her so much. Which shouldn't surprise me anymore, since I love all my kids so much, but it really does feel astonishing that I can hold so much love for another being inside me, and not split open and die. Multiplied by four. How is there room in me for so much love?
But we're both in New York State, which I think is a consent state.
COMPETITION RULES AND DETAILS:
Humanity is adorable. Humanity is a squishy, huggable ball of nice.
We will update this post as more info emerges over the weekend.
in certainty and wonder
But how?
(You can see a few if you look mid left of the sign.)
Government of Ontario, Ministry of Consumer and Business Services (MCBS)
So I've decided that I'm going to give it a shot.
I love white serveware, dishes, pitchers, platters...you name it.
1 reached
I also had my surgery. More about that later.
now in her mid-thirties but remarkably ageless. We're sitting in a
on the horizon.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else, The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed, But when you smile at the ground it ain't hard to tell, You don't know, Oh oh,
I suppose the point is that it's fine to give away details of your work in progress as long as you don't give away enough of the central idea to risk compromising its originality. Maybe this is the grown-up version of 'will they steal my idea?' As soon as the publisher produces the catalogue, the central premise is there for all to see anyway. But by then, the books are in press and it's a bit late for someone else to start from scratch.
These moments, they add up too quickly.
Anyway - Let me introduce Miss April Showers !
Banishment
The events are being held with the help of the PDSA.
And the tears come streaming down your face
My sister, Meowyn, didn't even get that far... although her tree has a bit of flair, too....
At least that's my excuse.
FYI- 1 roll of Duct Tape covered about 40 water bottles. Not the whole 2 cases, 24 pack.
When smouldering Finn and sexy Lucas arrive in Winter Mill, life starts to get very complicated for Faye McCarron.
Splitcoast Stampers has a Featured Stamper, and this time it's none other then Julie Korber, from Flourishes!! SCS is asking us to pick a card from her Gallery and CAS it, as a fun challenge. I really, really had a hard time deciding on what card to CAS! She has some super talent, and some of her cards gave me some great inspiration :)
This was a genius suggestion because I know my husband and his family- they aren't real trivia freaks. However- my sister -in -law and my brother- in -law and I are all readers and we remember stuff. Plus we had the advantage of all coming from different backgrounds so we had a different set of info and customs coming into the game.
Well, it was last Sunday that I decided to pass San Francisco by--give it the slip--and head on down the coast to the Lighthouse at Montara, the Johnston House just south of Half Moon Bay, and all points between.
Today I talked with Robert for a long time. Or at least it seemed a long time, anyway. I listened while he talked about life, the various variety of religious and psychedelic experiences, art, art school and love. We talked about what women have to do or give up if they want to have children. That's never actually seemed real to me before and it made me afraid. I want to have children. I won't give up art. Or love. Or would I? I can't believe in the counting anymore. That there's only one equation.
Now I'm only going to show you the micro ears right now, so I can explain the funny sizing / pricing thing. It's not really as complicated as it looks, but let me go through it just to make things crystal clear.
For best results, perform this routine three times a week for three weeks, making sure to increase intensity (the number of reps in each one-minute timeframe) each week. Two days a week, you will need to put in 30 minutes of cardio or yoga. After a couple of weeks, you should start feeling stronger, have more energy and notice your clothes feeling looser.
Do I really NEED this item?
lots of laughing at our ginormously fat tree
This isn't really an awesome post, but you'll have to grant me a few "non-exciting" posts for awhile until I get my blogging back. It's been so long since I've written anything besides a professional email for work...I almost forget how. Maybe I'll be able to re-cultivate my blogging abilities while I'm on leave. We'll see how little Emily does!
We anchored in a bizarre spot where the water plunges within a stone's throw from shore to 35 feet deep.
Yes everyone, the Men In Black franchise is back for the third installment. Director Barry Sonnenfield lagi lagi di percaya buat menyutradarai instalmen ketiga dari Men In Black saga, his work in the first two movies was a success and he certainly has a thing for extra terrestrials.
Day 26
What are you looking for today?
If you would like to take part in the sketch challenge for the chance to win a prize from Bo Bunny then head on over the the Bo Bunny Blog to see what you need to do. :)
I called my sister. The conversation went like this.
This is really a great money-saving psychological device, also because there's often no follow-up. I don't go LOOKING for potholders, for example....
NBC are investigating an edited clip of the 911 call made by George Zimmerman.
I'm going to do something unusual today for this month's Insecure Writer's Group. I'm going to be positive. Now, don't worry, it won't last. I also won't be entirely positive (you, know, so you still recognize me) but I have to admit, I'm feeling pretty good.
No, I wasn't using a fisheye lens - but by concentrating on this bauble, high up on a five-metre Christmas tree, I have managed to acquire a fisheye effect of everything above and behind me. What you see here is a very low-res image, so if you want to see the original full-size file, just click here to view it on my Red Bubble site.
Just a very quick post, everyone, in brief but heartfelt praise of our friend Miss Dot Pellicer, mom of Miss Judy (Pellicer Bernhard), who is the well-known Boss of Us here at the MadriGalz. When the Madz were trying to figure out how on EARTH to come up with enough capital to record a CD, it was Miss Dot who came to our rescue, as she went often and quietly to many other rescues in our little town. Miss Dot passed from us this week at the age of 89, and while our dear Miss Judy and her family try to figure out how to get along without her, we know she's Up There now, watching out for us all.
What hope is there for even the poorest of Americans who live well above the standard of living of most of the poor in the world? Does anyone in America have a shot?
"What do you mean?" John smiles apologetically at Annabel. "I have a girlfriend, mother, she's sitting next to you. She gave you flowers at the door, remember?" He points at the vase. "You put them in water."
6.Garnish the kheer with ghee roasted chashews and raisens.
Ps: The red-bow-ponytail remainds me of my elementry school years.
On the one hand, it's obvious that you enjoyed my pasta, my homemade pasta which pleases me immensely and then you go and say that I look like Dr Friggin' Crippen? The ragu gets a stellar 9.5 rating on the richter scale but then you infer that "nothing much is proved" and that quite possibly I have got someone else to cook your rWMPC meal?! Furthermore you dare to suggest that Essex Eating Dan and I are one and the same person??!! You actually think I am related to that hairy oaf???!!!
"We went over and stirred them (Indians) up and a lot of our fellows laid in at thehead of a gulch ... and they chased us down Corral Draw ... RileyMiller was a dead shot, and he just killed them Indians as fast as he could shoot ... We killed about seventy-five of them. Riley Miller and Frank Lockhart went back there and got some pack horses and brought out seven loads of guns, shirts, war bonnets, ghost shirts and things. Riley took 'em to Chicago and started a museum. He made a barrel of money out of it."
This is the best way I think of to describe pinterest.
You can download a boy or girl version. Hope to get my camara soon so I can start sharing some more photos.
Dance
Half-drunk meetings along the canal at 2 am.
Got more done on Maddy's dress the other night. Maddy helped me clean like crazy so I'd have a couple hours to sew on Wednesday night. I got the outer two layers of the bodice done and am working on putting in the boning on the inner lining. Pinned it on her and may take out a little of one side seam so it's not so tight. I don't want her to breathe and have the zipper start popping like it did last year during a fitting! Then we pinned on the skirt. It's really looking great. We should be to the zipper by the end of the Easter weekend... I hope.
when you are creatively stuck? Well, we (Ivonne and myself) get on the phone to talk about it and the "motivator" cheers the "not so motivated one" and gets her going. But, what happens when it's both of us? That's when it gets tough. This was a first for us, especially with Ivonne having health issues. That's when we heard about Midweek Magnolias having their very first challenge. I forwarded the email to Ivonne and asked her if she was up to participate in this challenge. And guess what? She said yes and that got us back on track again. I am so blessed to have a friend/sister in my life like her. She picks me up when I am down and keeps me grounded. Thanks, Ivonne!!!
Also, an art competition where teens illustrate what healthy relationships look like is happening Tuesday evening in Julia Davis Park in Boise.
* Skill-exclusives include epic BoP relics that act as trinkets, better than those created from Matrix Shards. Also BoP artifact-level enhancements and hilts, as well as prototype-level BoP shields / power generators.
Hellbound: Hellraiser II has a certain continuity to it. It starts out with a recap of what happened in the first film. Kristy Cotton, the female protagonist from the first film who ends up sending the Cenobytes back to hell is in a psychiatric institution. She is pretty shaken up by the events she witnessed in the first film. Problem is that nobody believes her stories about demons from another dimension; everybody thinks she has pretty much lost it. Everybody except Dr. Channard, a psychiatrist who just so happens to work in the same psychiatric insititution that Kristy is staying in. And it just so happens that Dr. Channard is an expert on The Lament Configuration! He is eagerly awaiting his chance to go to hell himself! At the same time, Kristy is set on going back to hell herself so she can rescue her father. Will Kristy ever rescue her father? Will Dr. Channard ever get to experience the dark delights that hell has to offer?
Another highlight was seeing the house of a student of Basho, the famous haiku poet. As we stood outside the gate of the small, thatched house, I again sensed history and timelessness. I was able to feel that permanence of place and time is possible and to accentuate all that, or so it seemed, was the sound of a cawing crow.
If you're computer savvy enough to be able to create your own data backups, then you're one of the lucky ones. Fact is, many folks just don't have the know-how or confidence to do it themselves. But why pay big bucks for an online service that charges you an annual fee? When you buy Picture Keeper, it's yours. No more fees ever, except for printing costs when you decide to print out some photos. And as your digital photo collection grows, simply purchase more Picture Keepers as needed. They are affordable enough to share with friends and family, too.
Ska renaissance man Nick Welsh revived his King Hammond moniker in 2010 and since that time has been prolific releasing three albums (The King and I, Jacuzzi, and Showbiz) and two vinyl EPs ("Riot in London Town" and "Hey, Mr. DJ") of some of the best skinhead and dirty reggae around. Welsh made a quick trip over to New York in early December to show us Yanks what we have been missing.
Video by Senior Master Sgt. Edward Snyder 169th Fighter Wing/Public Affairs
I dare not trust the sweetest frame,
Okay, back to my craft room to work on more designs. It's Thursday evening, I just got back from a trip to DC today, and I need to get busy with my creation for Saturday's Paper a la Mode challenge over at The Outlawz. Thanks for stopping by, and big hugs to you!
Toppled their Thrones
and I drove the family nuts with indecision.
Ok Ok, they are actually pretty cool. I guess I will admit they are kind of fun to watch. But I am not too worried, they only live about a year. We already had a funeral for one of them. He has a nice head stone and flowers out in the yard.
And if they exercised more than usual, they were almost 30 per cent more likely to lose the weight, the study, published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine, found.
~You are the center of attention and know it! You get mad if you want attention and aren't getting it fast enough!
Though improving governance is a labour intensive task, the effort is worthwhile as with some effective management spend can be significantly reduced.
I missed DTF, but caught Bad Music, who were actually pretty good. Probably around 15 or so, but already sporting Crass patches and devil locks, i seriously wonder what it would be like to grow up in Portland, Or. with the entire recorded output of civilization at yr finger-tips. This band was grasping at every cultural signifier they could sew to their clothing, a raggedy anne patchwork collage of hardcore anarchist punk rock history: MDC, Crass, DOA. They had a small but enthusiastic pit going, a little too self-conscious about running into people, but i chalk this up to living in a room where random assault rifle shoot-outs and firebombings is the norm. I tried to set aside my condescension, and focus on the music, cuz i don't care what age you are, if you are going to ally with the anarchist punks, pick up guitars and play a show, it is my job to tell it like it is. I'm glad to say that these guys play their instruments pretty well; a muscular sludgy guitar sound, drums kicking acceptably hard. In short, they ROCKED, to the best of their ability. I was almost shocked when they played one of the better versions of Sonic Reducer, originally by Rocket from the Tombs, made popular by the Dead Boys. These guys want to be Young, Loud, and Snotty; my advice, forget there's anybody in the room, pretend yr practicing. And play LOTS AND LOTS of shows.
I also ran into a huge influx of hikers heading down as I neared Mount Wilson. I'm pretty sure they took a bus up there, because several stopped and asked me how to get to Chantry Flat. I'm assuming their ride was going to meet them there, and I did my best to convey accurate information.
I have always thought that someone should issue an Olympic trading card set during an Olympic year. It seems like a natural. But I can only remember insert-type Olympic sets, usually focused on one particular sport, included in a larger, non-Olympic set.
Goldie died.
Thanks go to Miss Vickie and The Silver Haired Goddess for their comments on my last post. I was so baffled about getting stuck all the time last week and it wasn't until these two lovely ladies pointed out the obvious that I realised I've got to get back to basics with my band. They reminded me about one of the golden rules - chew, chew, chew! Since then I have been taking it slower, chewing more thoroughly and have had a better time with my eating.
Friends with keys make life so much more comfortable.
I put up with all the scenes
Well, if I'm being totally honest, I was also going to point you to an event tonight that is free and internet wide.
And because I'm extra efficient *cough * eh,hem* or because I try to be extra efficient and usually fall flat on my face. Here are my top 10 photos of 2011 for the next You Capture challenge.
Evil was winning. I was losing my sanity.
Those who do not seek the jobs will split back pay that would have gone to the 111 had they been hired years ago.
Good grief, a parliamentary question about a post box.
But here's the thing about this CD: some tracks have the electronic sound and needlessly complicated arrangement of bad Asian karaoke, some tracks are clearly done by a musical theater major in the tradition of Rachel Barry, and still others, like Humpty Dumpty, seem to be sung by Kenny Loggins (I actually checked the liner notes and the lack of information leads me to believe that it is, indeed, Kenny Loggins).
3:30ish Arrive home
His wings wrap all the way around his back. I have him sitting in the window out in the barn in front of my sewing machine. He keeps watch over the back yard for me, ha.
I cut a tag using the TH tag die and blended DI over it. I then ripped strips of TH Tissue Wrap and glued it to the tag. I then tore a strip of Kraft Glassine paper and scrunched it up, flattened it out and attached it to the tag with some brads.
Fast forward 6 years later - monkey is starting Beavers and I have decided to improve my computer skills by doing a course - meet the Brown Owl of one of the Brownie Packs in the village - the big pack of 48 had divided into 2 - who after she found out what I had done in the past asked if I would be interested in running the other Pack who were just about to loose their Brown Owl.
I went to my Martha Stewart Cupcakes book for a lemon cupcake recipe. The recipe calls for lemon zest as well as lemon juice, for lots of lemony flavor. The cupcakes turned out super fragrant, moist, and soft.
1. Christian cultists (no different from other cultists who think they are the only ones who are right) who find fault, judge and condemn other Christians in their church, and in other churches (just like the devil 'Rev. 12:10'), and all the unsaved for their misbehaviors instead of spending the time necessary praying and helping all they come in contact with get closer to God or helping them get saved. Never should we waste our time finding fault with others when we as sinners need God as much as anyone else and need to spend our energies only helping others walk with God (Rom. 14:10).
4. Illustrating, collages, painting, photography, singing, dancing, nature, spending time in nature-precisely mountains, laying barefoot on the grass, being by the sea.
Is practicing ethical behavior more important than practicing good politics?
After an incredibly busy day yesterday, which involved spending WAY too much time in the car driving all over the metro for a variety of reasons, we made today a quiet day. We did little besides cook, eat, and lounge, although we did get out for a walk this afternoon. Here's today in food:
Last year they put out their second album. To me the second album had a lot of work to do to even be on a par with the first and unfortunately I don't think they managed to pull it off. I think the second album is great and has some wonderful songs on it but I still go back to the first album more often.
This is your check list to make sure your story makes sense. Fiction must make sense. Truth can bend the rules of sense vs nonsense but fiction needs to be believable. Your story needs to have a timeline that works smoothly and each step in the journey needs to lead both the writer and the reader into the next step.
You must hire somebody to help you. You may get brother Thomas. lett Isaac Clemmens if he is a mind to take care of the shop and maintain himself there, he may, or do as he has a mind, put some sugar in a Raisin cask or some such thing & such necessarys as we shall want.
We may not have a new project every day of the week posted, but you can be assured that all projects we post that week will be somehow Disney related.
Based on my imperfect, layperson's understanding of medicine, there are all kinds of staph out there and they live pretty much everywhere and most of them are not serious. And kids get minor staph infections all the time. W.B. had one several years ago in his belly button and it was painful, but went away after a day or two of putting a little antibiotic ointment on it. I know one little boy who got one in his foreskin--ouch! They don't get quite so, well, dramatic, as the one H.M. had unless you end up mistaking a major outbreak of MRSA for a stubborn yeast infection (which occurs shortly after your other child has an emergency appendectomy and you probably bring home the MRSA from the hospital without knowing it) and which leads to it getting in the bloodstream and causing an abcess that requires surgery and hard-core antibiotics to cure.
Today's card is FIVE challenges combined!!! I'm running out of time to complete all the Dare to Get Dirty challenges, so I've combined Betty's, Laurie's, Jami's, Carolina's and Deb's!!!! The title of the post is taken from Jami's Blue challenge.
Thanks for stopping by!!!
(Pass out bread)
It's spring break here in Texas, and a lot of folks are taking to the airways in the sky to vacation overseas. Not me. Military and government broke me of any lingering desires to venture abroad. But for those of you who still seek to explore the world, read on. Maybe I can save you a lot grief.
Nothing can beat, when you plan an early morning start but start at 8: 30.
One aside works well in that Phil Parkin creates his own tick by brewing a Thornbridge Jaipur variant on a brewery visit, nicely connecting the visit with the theme of ticking.
It is that time again, we are on the look out for some talented scrappers to join us here on the Kraft It Up Creative Team...
Set the corn on a cutting board.
Did Brodhead see the lacrosse players as sociopaths? This cultural reference suggests an astonishingly negative view of the two students who had just been indicted. Or perhaps the president was merely asking his colleagues about the previous night's schedule on HBO.
All I did was wear myself out. Hahaha. I knew it.
Here in Southern New England, we just had what will most likely be our last significant frost. In my little yard, that was a temp of 27.8 last night. There were frost and freeze warnings up everywhere. As a result of our warm spring, there was plenty out there to be affected. Only time will tell if it affects the fruit trees for the year.
Has the internet been hijacked by gremlins?
Anyway, we ran easy (for a 5K race, anyway) and enjoyed our finish in the football stadium.
April 2-5, 2010 Clip No. 2451
Further allegations against Mr. Roopnarine state that after his divorce and the collapse of his business RS Hypo and Sons on Rushworth Street he was employed as a truck driver. He then started to grow into Millionaire status, months after Mala Mohammeds Execution.
before the foot of a passer-by should disturb them.
a week later was my doctors appt. I was terrified because I was sooo afraid something was wrong with jordan.. this was the first appt i was going to alone, and I was so afraid.
We got Carter a play stroller at the yard sale for 50 cents. There was another one there, but Evan never shows any interest in them at playgroups, so I didn't get one for him. I should have known better and of course, they started fighting over it. Luckily, my mom brought up these two umbrella strollers that she keeps at her house, so we'll have them when Greg's family comes out this summer. The boys used those all week to push around their stuffed animals. Then they learned that they make great seats while watching cartoons!
lugubrious passionate nothings
Thats the thing with birth, even when it goes as planned, per se, it doesn't.
Projected score: 169-127
The iphone is a phone, a navigator, a video camera, a gaming device, and even a paper weight if that's what you want to use it for. But it is not and will never be a bunny rabbit. And I can't imagine this fitting into anyone's pocket.
It was her people who "helped" the settlers through that first winter, only to be memorialized in a generic, random ad in a university cafeteria. Imagine how that must feel.
This fear tastes like a rusty knife
98. Lord of the Flies, The: William Golding
Once vehemently opposed to the very concepts of marriage (a patriarchal institution to be dismantled) and motherhood (see previous brackets) Alyena and Cat are now married and raising a son together.
One of my big lessons in my Walk was this huge and powerful reminder to listen to the nudges. If I tune them out, how can I possibly be the hands and feet of Christ? Loving others and putting that love into action is far more than just making a list of good deeds to accomplish. It's not a checklist of "OK, I donated to the food pantry so I fed the poor and I went on a mission trip so I cared for the world and I wrote a check to whatever organization so I was generous and I didn't flip off that bad driver so I showed mercy." I had a huge wake up call a few years back to the importance of doing what is asked and not just doing what seems to be the "Christian thing" to do. When I'm listening and doing what is asked, I get pushed way outside of my comfort zone 95% of the time. When it's His plan and not mine, I often find myself shaking my head and wondering where this next step is going to take me. When I am fulfilling what I know to be His call, I end up overwhelmed by His power and consumed with His love.
I have used a Milton & Co stamp coloured with promarkers,
"You just look at the TV." duh "Oh and if you see a yellow bar, you have to step on the pedal."
First of all, I have to say a huge THANK YOU to Chickenandcowlady for introducing me to ghee. It is a wonderful thing to have around, and I am not sure how I managed the first half of my life without it. My love for the stuff has been almost comical. I am not sure if this is one of my temporary OCD infatuation things, or if its permanent, but I can tell you I like ghee better than I liked Zac Effron, and I liked him a lot. (But have you seen him in the trailer for the The Lucky One? - Oh my, I'd still take him to raise!)
James was in good company in the 1970s Fingerprint line-up: it also included the likes of Raymond Chandler, Dashiell Hammett, Ed McBain and John Dickson Carr. As far as I know, all the Fingerprint editions featured photographic covers... but what I don't know is how many of those covers were by the woman responsible for the Cover Her Face front cover photo: Beverly Lebarrow. Who, you might well ask? Well, cast your minds back to this post on the UK first editions of two Ross Thomas novels, Yellow-Dog Contract and The Money Harvest, also both published in the 1970s by Hamish Hamilton. Yep, Beverly Lebarrow was responsible for those cover photos too, along with quite a lot of other '70s Hamilton book covers. Seems her distinctively blunt style was much in demand during that period... and that's a subject I'll be returning to in the not-too-distant future...
Hi! How are you doing?
2000 2 one-day visas ($1000/ea) for Bernie and Mason
And it occurred to us that the word "killing" got the meaning across, but didn't have much flavour.
The Allman Brothers Band, jamming at the Fillmore East, New York, March 1971, played this.
03 Back To Memphis
Although a major sell-off can sometimes mean an executive is leaving a company, that might not be the case with Forstall. As Fortune, which was first to report on the news, points out, Forstall still has 100,000 restricted stock units granted in 2010 that should be fully vested in 2014. Last year, Apple handed over 150,000 restricted stock units, with half of them vesting in 2013 and the other half in 2016. In other words, if Forstall is looking for a cash windfall, sticking with Apple might be a good idea.
reflections in the music styles.
We recently began a series of Glamorous Reviews
'Talked some more,' I said, throwing back a cup of tea.
The last solo road trip through the Southwest was eye opening, and (ahem) sensually liberating. Let's see if the Northeast has anything to offer besides tea, mittens, and lighthouses......
Will I get to see a lot of Steldor?
You can imagine our shock therefore to come across this defamatory story in the middle of all these frantic preparations.
Christmas is drawing ever closer now and you must all have had enough of making Christmas cards so we have a lovely challenge this week for you all. :)
Each heavy book, its pages
Our encouragement messages go out to believers in many different countries so we try to write for the spiritual edification of all true believers regardless of where they live. We are unaware of other countries that might have official national days of prayer as we have here in America. However I genuinely believe this is a very important day here in the country where God has providentially ordained that I should live out my life on this earth. Wherever you may live you should pray for your country and every point we make today will apply regardless of your location.
"Time wounds all heels."
As i mentioned in my previous post about Jeddah, it has become quite a trendy and a happening place over the decade.... Lots of activities, seminars, lectures etc take place but its still usually done on a low key. So in order to know about them you need to be linked to the right social network.
Now, from an academic standpoint, do you know what type of school approaches education the same way that George Morris approaches horsemanship?
ISBN-10: 1572934883
I'm not sure if many of you remember me discussing this new theme I wanted to run with about things I've tried and whether or not I liked them. One reader, a favorite of mine, aka Kallay over at kalllaydoscope was listening to me the day I vowed I had never tried a reuben sandwich. I believe this post caught her eye because like me, she had never tried one in her life either. I shouldn't have felt so alone in this, my husband had never tried them in his lifetime as well.
4. Attachments by Rainbow Rowell
5, Bake for 10 to 15 minutes until golden brown and then remove them from the oven and allow them to cool on the baking sheets.
(b) Evaluate the Fourier transform of a trapezoidal function f(t) shown in fig. 1.
I fear no evil, for You are with me;
Why not visit a few and see what they're blogging about?
Hello cyber-friends!
There are times when most of us want to pamper ourselves and buy ourselves the products that not only represent our style statement but, also add more to our social status. One such product is the watches. While the world markets have been introduced with the most sophisticated personal accessories that have found their way into our daily lives, nothing can be compared to the elegance of a good watch.
Once you submit the registration form, we will send an email to the email address with which you registered. Simply log into your email account and click on the activation button contained within the welcome email. It is that simple!!!
Roster and depth chart
The shriek of a bird of prey
Blessings!!
If you have any questions, I'll try to answer them for you.
Hey there you guys! Sorry about the skipping yesterday! hehe. My inlaws got in at 10:30pm, and we were up late chatting. And before that, I was cleaning ALL day long! And we had piano for Eme at 4pm, and then the Pinewood Derby at 6:30pm. Man, it was a mad dash to get ready.
Closed it behind her.
7:05 p.m. Brief interruption of swim lessons when H.M. needs to go potty. State of toilets at pool necessitates my holding her up over the lid-less rim while she pees.
Tulisa was on a high last night, celebrating her debut solo single going to number one and performing the track to much fanfare on one of the biggest shows on television live.
That is amazing to me.
So, we now know that ME is caused by a virus, with an incubation time of about 1 to 3 weeks. It's also a stealth virus, in the way that routine testing by your doctor won't find anything. A bit like doing routine testing in someone who has HIV. If you don't do the right test, you won't get the right answer.
f) The big one: I want to.
Happy new year to you all
November is our last month of Spring Downunder and the conditions here in the north-east have remained remarkably comfortable and mild for this time of year. The daytime temperatures are definitely up around the 30 deg C mark, but the humidity levels have remained quite sensible which means we're not sweating profusely just getting out of the shower in the morning.
You can play this game like a typical game of Jenga where you try not to topple the tower. My son decided to construct another tower with his correctly answered blocks.
I hope this helps answer any questions. If not, feel free to email me. :)
2 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
Sweet Baby! All-Natural
my tongue,
So, sensible shoes are fairly important during an interview because super high heels can sometimes give the wrong impression. However, as the interviewer, you have much more freedom.
All suggestions will be seriously considered.
For the branch with the little leaves I used a Magnolia Doohickeys.
Wil loves his little radio flyer wagon & his big one he can ride in but the boy loves him some trains too! It won't be a huge party this year like we planned for last year it will be small and fun for Stinker ;) Especially since I will be ready to pop or maybe a new baby around (I doubt that though although that is 2weeks before my due date hmmm).
1. Put all the listed ingredients, aside from the hot dogs and oil into a bowl and combine well. If the batter is too runny, slowly add more Jiffy mix. I had to test mine by actually dipping a hot dog in to see if the batter would stick.
overground of videogenic pop. Post represents Bjork's balancing act at its highwire pinnacle.
He has succeeded beyond his wildest dreams.
- The Sunday morning started with a stuffy breakfast of red chick peas stew and wheat bread.
Well, off to bed so that I can enjoy a nice 4th of July Traditional Irish Breakfast, and then another busy day of exploring Blarney Castle and Killarney National Park.
Add butter. Pulse about 10 times, or until the mixture resembles pea-sized crumbs.
Of course, there are the standard concerns of roman candles in the streets as evidenced by the hand-wringing comments accompanying the article.
51 rue de Courcelles
come to awaken in you
For what Melis knows about the deep-sea mystery is only part of a nightmarish past torn by violence. She thought she had put that past behind her when she arrived at her Carribbean island home to research dolphin behavior.
Synge suffered from Hodgkins disease a form of cancer and at the time untreatable. He died just weeks short of his 38th birthday and was at the time trying to complete his last play, Deirdre of the Sorrows.
Well we have gone chicken mad here since my last post!
Are there any action figure collectors out there that live in Central Alberta Canada? I would love to see your collection and share my own with you. It would be cool to have someone to go to the toy aisles with. Maybe we can make it a monthly mall visit thing with lunch. I was even accept the companionship with people who don't like action figures but who think it would be fun to just hang out with me (and they would be right).
Our Daily Bread designs Second Anniversary Celebration Challenges: Sneak Peek!
Lies in his bed, walks up and down with me,
And then the lists. THE Lists. The LISTS! To-do. To-bake. To-give. To-send. And, like most kids, To-get. You know, THE big WISH LIST!?
where there was a party going on, and, as I passed that house, I was
So, there you go, four easy to avoid pitfalls that will instantly make your game worse if you fall into them. These aren't even technical things like, "your mapping isn't good enough" or, "your story isn't interesting". These are incredibly easy to avoid mistakes that people simply should not be making!
Thank you all for your amazing creations with Karina's sketch!! The winner of the 15% off voucher for the Whiff of Joy store, as chosen by random, is:
Since May 2010 everything she do DIFFERENT from what she promise to do.
I looked it up.
Last Sunday we picked up a playhouse that Evan's aunt and uncle let us have for the kids to play in. Connor loves it, and Brenna's long morning nap has allowed me to play outside with him a little more this week.
But if i give in now, he'll continue to do this...
Now I put together this floral arrangement more years ago than I would want you to know. I continually think I'll take it apart. But some how I just never do. I love the artichoke and the persimmons. So here it sits again and will probably sit here again in the future! I can be kinda boring like that you know.
1 holding
Calories: 534
One day Rich mentioned that he thought we should get married. I choked. I called him an asshole and stormed out the door. My view of marriage was only what I was exposed to through my parents marriage. And that was a disaster! Marriage to me meant screaming, yelling, name calling and unhappiness. Why would I want to do that to myself and Rich by getting married. So after calming down a day or so, we sat down to talk seriously about this. I couldn't envision my life without this man somehow. He was so awesome with my son and loved the thought of having another child to raise. Rich assured me that he would never hurt me intentionally. He would never raise a hand to me. He would always be good to me and he would love me with all he was. I told him I wanted that but I was scared that I would fail at giving him the same thing. I remember he poked a finger in my chest and said "you are so full of love and there's a whole lot more in there that has to be let out". I told him I'd think about it. I never looked back. We were married shortly after that.
your panda soft-toy
of mine introduced me to stamping. I have always loved card making
I hope the next 3,5 years will be a great time!:D
A week later I discovered the geeky guy was an Internal Medicine attending. At my medical school.
so I am willing to go along, to accept
He's just what I've been waiting for Oh yes
Also today, you are reading the blog of an unschooling parent. Why? Why are you here? You don't have to answer that. Just think about it. What drove you to come to this page of the Internet? No wait, I changed my mind. Leave me a comment and tell me why you're here. I am curious.
Until next time, eat up!
150 grams of granulated sugar
L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., Alternative Energy, Deal Details 9
Metal Claw
Weed Weed? Weed weed weed. Weed!
~Jeannine
1 egg yolk (yes, an egg yolk)
Yes, reading is important. I completely agree. And our kids (my kids) should be reading every night at home. But I just think the time requirements are a bit much, especially if you have more than one child in school (no wonder the Duggars home-school-can you imagine?)
Celebrate the Forth of July with Indie! The black and white kitty that spends her holiday perched upon her Americana bell while flinging fireworks from her tail. She's all set to celebrate.
I could'nt do the midweek Wetherspoons meet up, so instead of an (almost certain) pint of Weltons, I was in, drinking costcutter Cherryade (thank you D) and Twinings Lemon and Ginger Tea (thank you bro). Both very nice, but would have preferred to be washing down the foul sulphur tasting pills with Bartram's Cherry Stout and Beartown's Ginger Bear.
#53 Nick Perry- OLB- USC:
I made this for a Valentine card but it would be a great Anniversary card too. I have it for sale on my Etsy site. paperandthingzbydebi.etsy.com Stop by and check it out. Thanks for visiting by blog today.
Downplaying of Boko Haram threat
a variety of beads she bought at Michaels,
the facebook page will be updated on a regular basis and feature all the content based on hello project that we can find, we will also provide links to other hello project sites for downloads and images
EXCITING BASEBALL ran for only 5 issues, from 1949 through 1953. Question: are these considered a hard to find pulp? Being a baseball fan, I would love to get a hold of a couple of the issues.
But, is it the future
I have been sewing quite a bit lately - mostly small projects(pjs for the boys and the little girl, an Easter dress, baby gifts), but just haven't taken photos of the finished projects with the exception of these gifts for the babies.
3) I went to the Shelby Farms and ran my three miles and am getting slower rather than the desired faster! I took on the challenge of Grandpa's Ridge at the Lake last week and my calves have not quite recovered.
Thus it was left to always surprising Ted Turner -- author of the autobiography Call Me Joe -- to try to inject some life into the conference. Turner, a longtime supporter of the president, said that Obama had made "a big mistake" by ramming through Obamacare rather than cap-and-trade. As he put it in his inimitable way, "If we don't stop global warming, we'll be extinct, and then we'll be really sorry."
In a world of wishes without exposures;
This Saturday I wanted to watch the FA Cup Final with some friends in Edinburgh so a walk in or around Edinburgh seemed a sensible choice. I therefore looked up the extremely useful Beercast Edinburgh Beer Weekly, found out that the Blue Goose on Lanark Road was having a May Day Weekend Beer Festival and decided I could work in a walk from Colington in the South-West of Edinburgh to the City Centre, around a visit to the Blue Goose.
remove the fruit and spread wet leaves on the ground
Goat cheese
283Come, with one glance of those deluding eyes
Elastic
Bill: Thank you for the opportunity to share this with you and for keeping a blog for writers. One of the most important things a writer can do is to talk to his or her readers and also talk to other writers. People like you allow that to happen. One way that I talk to writers and readers, other than through my actual writing is through twitter @willangford1, I welcome new followers and will often retweet the good stuff I find among them. Thanks again, Deirdra.
ALEJANDRA GUZMAN 11/21 9/13/08 @ 12 noon
Our stairs are not carpeted.
and my blood
I came in and entered in the code so the doors would not set off the alarm.
So what do you think? Does it sound difficult or bizarre?
Bike/Swim for about an hour (you have been quietly turning up the intensity we hope?) Followed by:
Overall, it was a very fun-filled event that not only the kids but also the parents had got so much fun especially during the egg hunting when children were running and parents were shouting.
I will always try and visit your own blogs and leave a comment on your current post. However, if I have been asked a question, I will usually reply to it on my own post.
David Cunliffe, former would-be leader of the Labour Party turned would-be leader of the Labour Party, has delivered the first of a what he promises will be a series of speeches on the economy.
As for input: the first book's publication date was brought forward by almost seven months because of the Waterstone's Prize, so the cover had to be perfect first time (and I think it was). With the cover for book two, Changeling: Dark Moon, I was given the chance to make comments on what I thought of it.
Klaas can fire his heavy crossbow this round. Lukas can take action also.
Characterization is the painting of a character in a story through narrative, dialogue and action. Done well, the character will come to life on the page as if they are a real person.
most ubiquitous child actors of the 1950s, who had already
The yellow map of Scotland just got very red in the south.
and motivating providing these ideal winter sport conditions...
26. Universal entered the 3-D market with the film, It Came from Outer Space (1953)
Until then,
Sunday 27th 12pm - 4pm
15. Ju Ju Man
On the other side of this coin are the Christians who flaunt their alcohol consuming ability. They look down on their brothers and sisters in Christ and refuse to conform their conduct to the conscience of their fellow believers. Not only this, but these people often take pride in their drinking and this can sometimes appear as teenage bragging.
Thanks Carrisa for putting this awesome magazine together; and for choosing my creations to be part of it!
Freedom from hatred and cold hearts
Prof Levin believes firmly that two is better than one.
So, Rosalie, without giving away too much of the plot, would you like to tell us a little about 'Coping with Chloe'?
For the Fallen -W.B. Keal
I jumped with joy when he actually ate the whole thing! He refused to eat anything else, even the milk he loved so much but he'd eat this. I baked it in two different molds, standard and small and he could eat 2 small ones in one sitting, yay! He is doing so much better now but poor thing, he had to go through the same surgery again in a few weeks, and I am hoping to make these again for him.
Do you keep track of how many hours of sewing you've put in? (I can't. My head compartmentalizes my sewing into 'sewing sessions,' which are whenever I can sneak in there. A session may be fifteen minutes while my husband reads a bedtime story to our daughter, or it may be two hours late at night.) Maybe a computerized machine will keep track for you? (I wouldn't know, my machine is mechanical and very simple. I have seven stitches, including the buttonhole feature.)
And yes, Wenceslas was not a king, but a duke. But he was given the honorarium "King" because of his devotion in spite of his high status.
Jim Sidanius
So here's to Monday and the start of a new routine!
1 soapstone
Chop. Pour. Simmer. Who knew three simple steps could release the most magical aroma into the air?
Here's a quick post. I made this card for a really great friend of mine for her birthday which I hope she having a fab day.
It's been one year already! I can't tell you how fast this year went. I am sitting at my desk staring out my window to an absolutely gorgeous view on a gorgeous New Mexico fall day. I am truly blessed. We have suffered many emotions over the past few weeks. The year anniversary of our little adventure brought joy, fear, tears, gratitude, questions. One thing we believe so strongly is that God is sovereign. HE has ordained our days, HE has ordained our steps, HE has ordained our decisions. As my husband faithfully goes about his days, many questions rear their ugly heads. But we know God is walking with us, He is sustaining us and teaching us how to live this new life. Our children are growing. I am growing and learning how to navigate my sometimes difficult melancholy self!!! One thing I am so grateful for is God's ever present hand on me reminding me that I am His chosen girl. One who He loves and disciplines. I am learning to laugh more often and smile more often, and believe me....I need to do these things more. He has blessed me and cherished me. Our tears are turning to joy....
Velvet chicken and prawn mosaic, mushroom royale, chestnut mushrooms and crisp chicken skin
And so it would have remained, gentle reader, had not rumours come my ears of a show called Welcome to Thonnet. Playing at the Northcote Town Hall, it is written and performed by Martin Blum. Blum is a very interesting actor: along with talents like Hayley McElhinney and Dan Spielman, he was one of the 12 original members of the STC Actors Company, resigning a couple of years later to travel overseas. The show has been assisted by various other intriguing names: its co-devisors include Chris Ryan, of Thyestes and Wild Duck fame, and Bojana Novakovic (The Story of Mary MacLane, By Herself). Govin Ruben, who's designed lighting for Hayloft and Black Lung, is production designer and provides some incidental performance. In short, all these seemed sufficient reason to wash my inky hands and venture off into the balmy night.
3) Place cheese in the cut slices then ham and pineapple.
We haven't had much bright sunshine this winter so when I saw the light shining off the flat surface of the water through the twigs, I had to take this picture. It looks better enlarged but it doesn't capture the full sparkle properly.
May 2 Green Room (296 Brunswick) 7:30 p.m.
The meat comes from 65 day old chickens.
1/2 cup clover honey
By Robert F. Ebert, CLTC and William P. Stark, J.D., LL.M., CLU for the April 2012 issue of Life Insurance Selling Magazine.
Last night, Ted said that we have been really scarred by all of our losses. We have. It impacts us in every way possible. Even in ways that we could never have guessed. We don't feel like normal people anymore. We never will again. I don't want to.
Perhaps because it remotely involves my pu-say and intimately involves my baby making organs that are frankly no body's business but my own and MDH's. It also might require me to discuss the problems that led up to the hysterectomy that involve intimate details about my horrific menstrual cycles that I'm not keen to spill out to just anyone (in person).
Although the rendering of the car is clearly wearing 2011 spec wings, vanes and brake ducts, its evident the car is another step forward in design terms for the team.
Just before serving, add in sour cream and parsley.
deceive their obverse truths).
Kindles for Kids is my way of paying it forward. My goal is to raise enough funds to purchase 10 Kindle Fires for the pediatric unit of a local hospital in UT.
Text Added April 18th 2010:
I couldn't find any portraits of Cornelius, but I found something better: the following description from a mid-19th century journal: "...old Cornelius had the ice cream and strawberries of everything in life -- in commerce, in politics, in wives, in finances and in religion....He had a peculiar way of carrying his spectacles in his hand, behind his back while he looked at all the pretty girls he met."
Sawyer loved the singing snowman and especially appreciated when he pulled out his ukelele. Sawyer grabbed up his own "guitar" and played along.
People who open stores locally, I need to help them. Their wares are usually just as good as what you would buy in the store. Why not buy from your neighbor if you can?
A thief, new-cutted fre a rape,
We can just about bear to deal with you as it is. Don't become even more fucking loathsome. Your industry will collapse and you'll come knocking on my door asking for a fucking job.
Rewrites and Revisions: How much have you had to do throughout the writing of Magnus Fin and the Ocean Quest?
Nottingham Solidarity Network
What stands out? The relationship between Pale Ale and IPA. The latter is indicated as being both stronger and more heavily hopped. You can probably recall me mentioning the odd 3,000 times that IPA was not a strong beer. But here it is clearly indicated as PA's big brother.
Hi guys! I'm here today with the lovely Diane Messidoro on the last stop of her blog tour for How to Keep a Boy as a Pet. If you haven't had a chance to pick up a copy yet just head over to Goodreads and check out the reviews - I'm sure any contemporary fans will adore this one.
I paired the image with paper from Basic Grey and used a Memory Box die, Madera Corner to created the leaf/vine corner accent. Add a ribbon and a few flowers and viola! A cheerful card for Spring. Now, I just need Spring to arrive!
What I noticed was that sometimes students' stamina in practicing these words waned, especially with our 25 minute session length. Also, we don't have spelling words every week (short weeks, in particular), but we do Daily 5 every day, so what were we to do?
You see, back when I was looking for fabric for my Lady Grey coat, it was challenging to find coating in orange. Usually, the only time of year that you can find orange fabric is the two weeks before Halloween. And then it's usually covered in bats or black cats. So, I was thrilled when it seemed like a mini-trend for orange was happening last spring and I gleefully started to stash it away in preparation for the inevitable orange famine to come when bats and black cats would be back.
D went into school with some reluctance today. They had a trip to a wildlife park and there would be the usual issue of Bunny being left at school. Her TA persuaded her in eventually. Bunny did get left at school.
- poached 1kg of chicken breasts
Well, for now...Happy New Year!
Upon his arrival, Alex discovers that the images and territories in the Starfighter arcade game represent an actual conflict between the Rylan Star League and the Ko-Dan Empire; the latter is led by Xur (Norman Snow), a traitor to whom the Ko-Dan Emperor has promised control of Rylos itself. The game was designed as a test to find those "with the gift"; Alex is expected to pilot an actual Starfighter spacecraft called the Gunstar. He also discovers that The Frontier is an array of planetary-scale force fields that protect Rylos and its surrounding planets from invasion and that Xur has given the Ko-Dan the means to breach it.
Six of them are brand new designs, the other four are swiped favorites from my patterns. Stay tuned, I'm going to be making some more!
We spent quite a bit of time in the hummingbird aviary, it was hard to make ourselves leave.
they will firm further on cooling.
did y'all have a good easter weekend?
So because I am sure you don't want to hear details of THAT, I leave you with pictures from my new camera. I am in LOVE!
After the Great Britain trials 38 swimmers have been named as part of the squat that will be heading to the Olympics in London.
So far only this one has made it onto a card - will use the others another day. The colours are quite pale and delicate and unfortunately look a bit washed out in the pics. I inked up the stamp with Memento inks in 'new sprout', 'summer sky' and 'lulu lavender' and then sprayed it with water before stamping - my fave technique again, makes me happy lol :o) I used 'summer sky' to ink around the panel and then mounted it on a layer of white card. The gingham is a scrap of Pink Petticoat (printed on linen) that's been hanging around in my scraps for ages. The sentiment is also Pink Petticoat.
I completed the ritual of the rite of passage. I deprived myself of food and sleep. I engaged in strenuous activity by climbing a mountain top. Once there I was attacked by hostile forces of nature to be rescued by my spirit guide. Osprey is my spirit guide and my totem foundation.
Here is my entry...
you have a right to choose what you want your child to see or not see. Use it. I know I would.
So now I manage the condition as best I can.
Make these bars. Kids and librarians alike will love them! And hang onto your camera! :) - mary
3 T unsalted butter
2) ED Texas - 54.6%
Of what to keep and what to purge
My Take: I liked Judith Miller"s series' about the women who worked for the textile mills in Lowell, Massachusetts (Bells of Lowell and The Lights of Lowell)so when I saw that this was available I thought I would give it a try. I was glad I did. I have found with Judith's other series that sometimes it takes a bit to get hooked on the story, don't giveup because when you are hooked you are in for a wonderful time. This takes to opposite women, Johanna who has been brought up in the community at Amana and Berta who has been brought up as a spoiled girl from Chicago. Johanna is given the job of teaching Berta the ways of the community and Berta tries her best to do as little as possible. They eventually learn something from each other.
All words have a price
We are still waiting to see what the next week will bring. If she continues to improve and can sit up etc they will send her to rehab, where they will work with her on relearning things she can't do right now due to the stroke. After 1 week in rehab, they will reevaluate and decide if she can continue. If neither of those things go right, she'll be put into a long term care facility (why they don't say nursing home is beyond me). It kills me though, she did NOT want to be in a home. A 24 hour nurse at home is out of the question, per the doctors. She will require to much care they say... It breaks my heart, she's got no choice, we've tried to honor her wishes, she did now want any surgery (which could have prevent the loss of some of the functions) and if she goes into cardiac arrest, she is DNR/DNI. That part is hard for me to swallow...but we've done what she wanted.
Notes
If I see them looking back at the Word Wall, I make a huge deal of it.
We find the opening scene set in the famous painting, where two of the main characters are debating over who should take a look at the famous man across the counter, drinking his coffee alone and silent. This is a brilliant opening -- the characters trying to force each other to do the one thing that we, as viewers of the painting, have never been able to do, to discover the root of our intrigue, to discover literally who the man is -- forever out of our grasp as viewers of the painting.
Hello, Monday! I moved my wardrobe column over here on Monday from Wednesday as I wanted to start an interior design topic related column on Wednesdays. I like Mondays, but I know that Monday is not always a welcomed day of a week, so I thought that fashion might give a good kick-start of a new week.
When this conversation ends, it will all be over.
Something you don't see too often anymore...hairstylists wearing uniforms. You see it at beauty schools since they wear matching school smocks, but I would love to see a salon bring back the matching smocks. These smocks are from a 1959 salon magazine. If you know about a vintage salon that does this, please tell me about them!
Restaurant-Genghis Grill
ENTER TO WIN Journals of the Big Mouth Bass
Looking to victory,
Again, if any of these impressions are mistaken, I am certainly interested in learning more about your perspective. But before there is any more talk of a worrisome and probably unnecessary meeting, please read my paper.
The campaign had worked, said the Scottish government, with a significant response and more than 108,000 people signing up to the register, outperforming the rest of the UK by a factor of three.
The band released a 4-song EP later in the year which is not held in very high regard by any of its members. The sound was more new wave and by this time they had added an additional guitar player. They continued to play together on a part time basis for nearly two decades, reinventing themselves and changing their name every several years from Intrynsics to Caroline No to Junkstar.
He also admitted being part of previous EDL protests in Newcastle, Dudley, Stoke, Bolton and Bradford.
Cut the Rope Lite: a super fun, cute, entertaining physics puzzle game - we may have to shell for the full version of this since we keep running through the early puzzle set;
The children agreed in our discussion that this would make a good story, but really remarked on nothing but the dead bodies and the guns. I found it interesting that none of them said a word about Liberty herself. While looking at this, Sadie told me about a movie she has at her house in which someone dies, "but only at the end." She thought that this painting must be the end of the story, and for at least some of the figures portrayed here, it was. This may explain why we had so little to say.
Tomorrow is the first of November.
I decided we'd have roast chicken with roast potatoes and vegetables. I buy a raw chicken which is already seasoned and then cook it myself as I find it much juicier than a cooked chicken from the supermarket. I made my own roast potatoes, salt and pepper ones roasted in olive oil and we had broccoli, cauliflower and carrots from a pack out the freezer. The kids had peas!
A few weeks ago Samuel woke from his nap not quite himself. He went to nap at 11:30am and woke at 2:30pm with some extra issues.
My Total Minutes: 242,900
at languorous feasts of uninspired tedium
What was the first thing you learned when you moved to the UK?
Pega los mini Ovalos negros sobre los blancos para hacer los ojos.
Working beside David was always an exciting and illuminating experience. He had an unquenchable passion for advertising (or as he called it, "all that bullshit"). He was particularly fond of the creative process ("that artsy bullshit") and strategy ("that marketing bullshit.")
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to believe I must be a savior where within that I actually go and try to convince them of my truth yet doing it all from the starting point of knowledge that I do not yet life as myself
We'll be wandering off by 2.30 but will return after exploring stalyvegas so don't panic if you've not had time for a pre-derive pint
3) Expanding your associations. This is the one I suggest you focus on the most. Find other successful people that you can spend more time with. Invite them to lunch (pick up the tab) and ask them how they have achieved so much or what makes them successful.
You need to think outside of the box sometimes. Case in point, the over-the-sink light fixture. It's really an outdoor fixture. I've used these before in our old house, but I will always love them. Bonus: they are less than $30 at Lowe's. You really can't go wrong. Simple bamboo shade is from Home Depot. As you can see, I am not loyal to one home improvement store over the other. Ha!
That means that diseases such as dengue fever, yellow fever and malaria which infect tens of millions of people each year would be considerably reduced.
I'm that mom who is taking videos and pictures of him playing in huge, muddy puddles. The mom that takes great joy in watching him figure out the world and how he fits into it. The mom that would gladly go on walk with him to talk about whatever it is that interests him that day. The mom that stops to smell the flowers and look at bugs all because he finds them fascinating and new.
Dear friends and followers, every day I receive emails from readers, most of them professionals, from all over the world, asking me where to find Belgian companies, specialized in decoration and interior design. As I really have not the time to answer all of your emails, I decided to post about the Belgian companies of which I might think they are worth talking about and of which I am sure they represent our Belgian interior design style.
I always feel good after a good work-out at the gym. The whole body feels really energised! Must be the warm muscles & the blood pumping! Very often, the challenge is to make the time to go to the gym & ignore the excuses not to head there. It always feels good too after spending time with friends & doing what we love doing; talking, laughing, eating & baking! That's what I did with my friends, Salina & Nura, last week. We talked, laughed, ate, baked & ate again!
Rotten was wearing a Pink Floyd T-Shirt when he first met his
Above is a new stamp I bought from Debbie Moore, I think I could of coloured her face a bit better but there you go. Used Mather Stewart punch down the side forgot who the corner punch is but love this punch and of coarse a die cut for the sentiment.
Extracts from reviews:
What are appropriate hours for a pastor? What time do you go in to work in the morning? What kind of hours do you keep during the week? If a pastor goes in later, like 10-11am, and works late into the evening is that accepted?
To a customer: service;
3 winds
2) ND California - 42% appealed (38% affirmed, 62% modified/reversed)
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has also criticised the findings of an inquiry by the Kurdish regional government which concluded that a freelance journalist was killed by insurgents. Sardasht Othman often censured the Kurdish authorities and his death highlighted allegations of governmental abuse of the media. HRW believe the inquiry is insufficient and could be a cover up.
I know, I circle all my candyflosses endlessly and dive like a love-drunk kingfisher again and again into the same cherry blossom.
MORE?!?
We are so amazed each day by this girl. She understands so much, it's unbelievable sometimes. Just a little sponge.
I have to mention the gross continuity error here. Chekov knows all about Khan andKhan recognizes him in spite of the fact Chekov wasnot on the series in the episode featuring khan. Fans rationalize Chekov must have been a low ranking officer who had not joined the bridge crew yet I will go along with that.
I shivered. The sun had disappeared for a moment. If we only stood in it for a moment, it should be okay, right?
Ryan Mallen (again) for making multiple PBR / Beer runs throughout the night!
Howdy all
-Tips for editing your photos in Aperture
And really? A commercial where a lazy ass man sleeps in a lounge chair while his wife washes the windows? Who runs this ad agency? Mr. Cleaver?
You want advice on the matter? Call me crazy, but I think that there is no need to go biblical on your kids. The best you can do to punish is to not purchase the latest iPhone model for them. Trust me, that deprivation will feel like death to them.
5625 rent/food/transportation per day ($125/day x 45 days)
Thank you all for you wishes and kind comments, it means a lot to me.
Six Degrees of Separation (John Guare)
Why is that? Why would it be so much harder to answer the question, even if it was just asking the flip-side of a question that would be so simple? I wish I knew.
1- Panasonic Lumix DMC-TS3 12.1 MP Waterproof Digital Camera (Orange) Brand New w/Supplied Manufacturer Accessories
well. She took this small room and managed to fit
If you want to get into the Soup Swap spirit even more.....drop a bag full of soup off at your local food bank (in Calgary most grocery stores have a food bank drop off as well).
I'm showing you I Wear My Sunglasses At Night today. A black polish with green and red glitters in it. If you ask me; one of the unique polishes Catrice made.
How often have you needed a reference of someone of repute? It could have been concerning an application for a job. It could have been as a witness in court or concerning a dispute with a neighbour. It could even have been when called before the Headmaster in school. Whatever the cause, it was useful to have someone who could testify in your behalf.
100 event cards
You know, this one might actually turn into a post. We'll see how long until my thoughts veer to the Starbucks conveniently located only a few blocks away, and I completely lose track of what I was going on about and I end up writing about how much better Mexican cows must be treated than cows in other Starbucks locations to produce such superior milk that is then frothed and made into the loveliest latte just for me and available to me now almost at any hour of the day and/or night, and then I'll just go on about coffee vs. Starbucks coffee for several paragraphs and cap everything off with a picture of the cool Starbucks mugs the Viking bought me and...
Questioning my integrity and worth -
*Delicious Deal!
And so I did, the model/designer was just as humble to meet me as I was to meet her, when I spent an hour or so sipping mint tea in her little studio. I placed two orders, one of them is being made in pic one, because if you have an opportunity to own a human hair tote - you really should.
You will need to cut your bread into 1/2 inch oblong rounds. I lightly spread them with olive oil, rub them with garlic or use garlic powder and toast them until they are golden brown. This can also be done the night before as well. It is key for good Crostini to be crisp and not chewy.
Scenario.
Notes: Tempo should be 3 counts from floor to knees, explode past knees driving hips to bar, 3 counts back to floor. Concentrate on keeping legs loaded NOT back. Maintain vertical shin.
I pray that you find someone to love you for who you are, what you are and what you may become.
Ease up, okay.
Creating is fun is a zibbet on line store.. full of ribbon, trims, buttons and more..
5. Sun Ra - Moonship Journey
I will not go
the people in your life while you have them....no matter who that person
Yes, the weather's still gloomy!
All right, your infatuation with Ron Paul has been fun. And yes, I find him both admirable in some ways and spot-on when it comes to certain issues. But he has not been good for your movement.
1,000 little sacrifices no one will ever see and no one needs to know about. Credit and glory are not things you need when love is unconditional.
1 banana, 2 scoops vanilla ice cream, 2 splashes milk, 2 squirts chocolate syrup, and blend
And never mix up your right foot with your left.
And those are just the miniatures that I'm green stuffing, I have whole bin full of assembled Vikings, and getting some movement trays ready...more to follow.
Crayola Outdoor Colored Bubbles aren't ordinary bubbles. Because they contain color, they're messy and will leave temporary colorful marks on skin, cotton and cotton-blend clothing and intended outdoor surfaces. This took some moms by surprise when they used the product last year. They loved the idea of bubbles in different colors, but weren't expecting them to be messy. Crayola quickly acted on parents' feedback and created a new version that keeps all the fun for kids and makes clean up easier for parents. Color magically rubs off skin, hoses off of many outdoor surfaces and washes out of cotton and cotton blend clothing.
many Papal Bulls issued against the order. In the wake of the French
That after even the hottest summer days, when you walk through our arch in the evening when the garden has just been watered you can feel the temperature drop immediately and you are enveloped by the smell of damp earth and flowers ... like entering another world.
Television on
Thursday (Will this week ever end???)
1 residences
When it comes to mimicking the birds
Linking up with Clutter Free Classroom to share my favorite recipe during the school year- Crockpot Chicken and Stuffing. Mmm, mmm, good! If you like easy peasy, few ingredients, tastes like Amish cooking, then this dish is for you!
Hours slept 8.5
The blog hop starts at miss~nances blog so if you want to join us on the whole journey please go to http://missnance.blogspot.com// and follow the links at the bottom of each post to find the next blog along the way.
He relapsed.
Anyway, he's looking forward to the trip and I am not looking forward to it. Bloody Teacher's Convention is 2 days the week he is gone, I'll be driven demented with no evening time Daddy on duty!
"Can't be mine," I said, puzzled.
We are bit of Conference Zealots, aren't we? Can't help it. Listening to conference always makes me want to do better and it makes me feel better. It's like I can hang in there for another 6 months, until we hear from our leaders again.
This area has turned into a sort-of wishing pond for tourists.
the crew was handed down to me on November 1st 2000, and i ushered in the forth generation of ZULU KINGS taking it from just the bronx and manhatten, but to every single continant on the planet making it the first ever INTERNATIONAL zulu chapter and at 145 members world wide the biggest.
water balloon fights
Here's how she made it
Please feel free to refer back to this series of posts whenever you need some fabulous fall fashion inspiration. I tried my best to showcase pieces that are trendy, affordable, and even comfortable :) Thank you for reading!
Eight players in the NBA attempted at least 850 shots and had a field goal percent of 43% or worse. Two of those players were Washington Wizards John Wall and Jordan Crawford. The Wizards are the only team with two players on that list.
It is of course time for bed when Delia gets back. A cup of cocoa first and then bed. Bed at least takes the edge off of Raymond's acute annoyance. And as it happens Delia is more responsive than usual after an evening with Mr Plummer. Thinking of it, the enormity of it, that she can allow herself to be party to such a thing, and moreover the heart-stopping possibility that perhaps Raymond might find out... All of this does tend to make a young woman more active and responsive in the marital bed. Sex is a release, a relief, after all.
still writing for pov
The screen then spits into three and we see Myra Langtry (Annette Benning) park her car and head for a jewelry and watch repair store. Each of them wear sunglasses, and all three turn towards the camera at the same time as if somebody called them.
This really is a very powerful, strange and beautiful book! I absolutely adored Bleeding Violet, it's zany and quirky, but very poignant and touching. Such a great ending! You have to read this book!
These artistic shots taken in color and black and white are sure to capture the best of a quite moment between the two of you. All you need is a chaise lounge and a romantic spirit (which I am sure will be in full supply).
This is the first beer I had after returning from Europe last year. We were in Spain for the last month of our trip and there were no hoppy beers to be found in the entire country (save for the one pale ale I found at a beer bar in Valencia, and even that was a stretch). Towards the end of our journey I was quite homesick and longing for that bitter bite of the hop. This was the beer I pined for. And who knew, it's even available in Brownsville, TX, lucky for me.
But no matter what role he plays, to me and many Civil War enthusiasts, he will always be Winfield Scott Hancock. I asked him about his performances on screen, the stage and much, much more in a telephone interview today:
There are several points to bear in mind, and so several steps to take if I wish to become a figure in the likeness of the great Che. These were all I could think of.
So broadcast your passion for boy bands, the latest addictive app, or an old show you think nobody remembers! If you tweet about them, other fans will find you.
Morello: You mean Pantheon.
First, I laid out the empty bins on our coffee table.
04. Bif Naked - Abandonment
He started talking about Colin Powell and Congoleeza, and said
Transform your desk-to-dinner wear with a simple change of shoes. The Royal blue / Kelly green combo makes a statement without adding further accessories.
Talking Heads
Of movement,
Over the last year, the number of companies in the FTSE 100 which have only men on their board has dropped sharply from 21 to 11.
Having: nothing
On the seventh day, God rested, and on the 8th day he invented the mint julep. People sometimes ask me what my favorite cocktail is, and this is always my answer. The combination of bourbon, sugar, and mint is stupidly simple and stupidly good. And the mint juleps at the Anvil are a real feat of artistry - piled high with crushed ice like a bourbon sno-cone. I mean - I just said "bourbon sno-cone". What more could you want?
than her voice any where at all ..
The Rover
* Talk in a made-up language
Daniel Craig
Or in this case, five. Today, as I write this, I wait with my son and both dogs while Lexi auditions for a play. Or at least I hope that's what she's doing. She has been trying to talk herself out of it all winter break, as her Dad and I try to convince her it's a great idea. And it would be good for my introverted girl to go through any audition. Of course she knows that 'good for you' is just parentspeak for pushing yourself into doing something difficult, like eating your veggies or getting along with your brother. So I'm especially proud of her for trying something new, something that puts her on edge and opens new doors for her.
When did he meet Michele and how? Are there photos? Every president provides the public with all their photos, etc. for their library. What has he released? Nada - other than what was in this so-called biography! And experts who study writing styles, etc. claim it was not O's own words or typical of his speech pat terns, etc.
This year as we study, I will update this page with a link to each challenge hymn for easy reference! You may want to bookmark this link. Studies will be posted usually by 5 p.m. Central time every other Sunday. This will be your one resource page for the entire year's study! I hope this is helpful to you! Blessings,
These pictures really don't do it justice. It is an amazing looking weave and it moves like you would imagine dragon's scales would look like if you saw them. I'm told that I've missed some rings. It will be fixed next time I can get my hands on it. I was cross-eyed by the time I finished so, I'm not surprised I missed some. I also had a few sitting backwards to what they should have been. That was a pain to fix. My sister's innocent off-hand suggestion of "why can't you take just those rings out and switch them" produced an initial reaction of me wanting to toss the thing at her head (I resisted!) and it later turned out to be the best way after all. However, it is much easier to do it right the first time!!
Pete's structural engineering work has managed to continue even though the economy has really turned things around in the construction and design business. Jobs that he used to turn away are now welcomed with open arms. Negotiating prices is much more of a business practice rather than "take it or leave it". The one thing that has kept Pete's clients coming back has been his accessibility. He's not always the smoothest with customer relations, but he certainly is responsive, reliable and quick on the spot. The work gets done on time or even earlier. And sometimes, if it turns out to be easier than he anticipated, he will refund the customer for the difference (even though he gave a written estimate). He seems to have some very loyal customers and for that, we are grateful.
Ketsuekigatabetsu Onna ga Kekkon Suru Hoho
There have been many places I have traveled in the world. What I know, is we are all the same. While our upbringing and beliefs might vary, our basic need for food, shelter, love and warmth is fundamental. In every country you can find beauty and elegance, as well as back alleys with dark secrets which would be better kept that way. I have looked into the faces of children who are hungry. Mothers and fathers who would steal simply to provide for their loved ones. I have seen the faces of poor mothers who want to feed their babies and protect them, just as any other mother would.
Ali was fighting for hope and liberty.
They are very hygienic, Honeypot does not double dip their spatulas and they use disposable spatulas, gloves and cotton bedspread.
santa is wondering what on earth he has gotten into.
Nearly everything in our world from advertizing to self-help books is geared to teach us that we are the center of the universe.
I poured the diesel back (4 jerries, 80lit approx) in with Mr Funnel, a great product for holding water and other debris. I also injected acetone into the holes I had opened the the windvane rudder.
Eddie Collins
Why else would the list of tobacco products be made so small that the older generation, the majority of smokers, will be forced to struggle to read it?
ME - Let me bring in some reinforcements. I'd better check I'm not going mad.
Some shortages have occurred due to demand, and I apologize for that. The vast majority of orders are going through smoothly and quickly.
6 walked
- i've recently started zumba where i'm learning to shake what my momma gave me and sculpt rock hard abs. at least, that's what my gay instructor tells me. and i believe him because i've seen him shake what his momma gave him and he has rock hard abs.
I called him, but he wouldn't come. I walked after him, but couldn't find him. I got in the car and drove, with windows down, calling his name. Nothing. After I took the littles to school in the afternoon, I decided to look once again on foot. I found him on our neighbor's acreage, but when I called him, he couldn't seem to come to me in a straight line. He wobbled and fell, weaved and spun. I ran our puppy back up to our house and while texting Lyle, got the car and went back to Charlie. He was in the woods and didn't seem to be able to stand. He's a heavy dog and thankfully Lyle had just started his lunch break, so he drove home, loaded Charlie into the car and we went to the vet.
That something had changed inside us- something that would make us all forever uncertain, make us question the meaning of life- not as some textbook abstraction but in very real and disturbing ways.
Biography:
That week in June had been jam-packed with activities and places to visit; some organised, others of our own choosing. I'll not forget the superb campsite and the hospitality of Edward & Nuala Allen at their award-winning Moat Farm, nor the camaraderie of fellow journalists, welcoming us as soon as we arrived. Nor meeting the marketing director of the Irish Caravan & Camping Council, Norah Heraty, and talking to her about those 'forty shades of green' that I had determined would be the title of a piece I had been asked to write about the tour. It subsequently appeared in the CWG magazine, 'In Touch'.
When we pay close attention to our feelings, we become aware that all of our anger and pain arise from our own consciousness, our own fears and illusions; while our feelings of love and bliss arise from a place of openness, and surrender to the One. It is our only ourselves, our fearful clinging to the impermanent, that keeps us confined to this physical realm. We must look within, find our fears and limitations, embrace them, heal them, and release them.
Self portrait. Bluey. The One. Jumeriah. Dubai. 2007
That "solem" and "solum" after some centuries by some so called sound laws were both pronounced "sol" - or would have been if both survived so far - is pretty certain. But two words merging into one is precisely a loss of information. There are sentences where the merger makes for confusion. And that is why "sol from solem" was replaced by a derivative from "soliculum" - literally "little sun" - which is now written "soleil".
This little video has been around for a while, but I stumbled across it again yesterday and wanted to share it.
a safety razor, three-piece, brass, Gillette;
I wont post pictures of the other artists sections because it's really not my place to display their art work without permission but I was particularly in love with Reetta's work, she had an Animation Background up and some nice life drawing, Margot had some magnificent textural paintings up. I just adore them! Diane has some phenomenal classic looking paintings with a nice modern twist to them. She's really a magnificent artist! Maria's Work I've always been in love with and I got to see some new pieces from her. Varian Had a neat little sculpture of himself pushing a frame off the wall. It was awesome! I was really impressed with everyone's work.
Nod your head
spiteful and quivering.
as a branch tapping your window -
(***) ONLY included on the Deluxe Edition (Edited)
The Revenge of Frankenstein is an interesting film because it develops the character of Frankenstein. He changes from the first film. He is much more demented here than in The Curse of Frankenstein. Why should he not be? He escaped death only to become a hero to future patients, and made a scientific breakthrough only to have it blow up in his face at the most inopportune time. His journey into madness is very well done for a low budget Hammer Film.
Amanda is someone I've only met once before, I think. We agree on a lot of topics online and that may be where any bond we have to one another lies- we've known each other online for several years. Amanda isn't a "friend" of mine but she is part of the group of moms that I care about deeply.
"They both soon became active business men, were sailmakers by trade, and kept a large and profitable establishment; first in John street near William, which afterward became the first meeting place of the Methodists; and afterwards at No. 86 Wall street. George soon refused to make sails for the British. He was too much of a patriot for that. During the early part of the Revolution he was captain of a military company, and while in New Jersey, was taken prisoner by the British and confined several years in New York before
Play over and through me
Yes, I know, lesson to me: a living lesson in you get what you pay for.
"Are you interested in (insert item here - Tee-hee!)?"
Chants of "We Want Dataran!", "Buka!" could be heard throughout and there was a moment that we all stood to sing "Negaraku". There were a couple of occasions, in the midst of all the chanting, I was almost moved to tears because I saw a Malaysia, regardless of race or religion, coming together for a common cause. I finally understood some of the feelings those who went on 9 July felt.
Here we waited at a couple of bus stops for longer than usual. It may have been for driver change, since we were very close to the Ealing Bus Depot, but no reason was given and soon we pressed on, to pass the large West Middlesex Golf Club and a Sikh place of worship, named Satnam Waheguru, before arriving at the large campus of Ealing Hospital. It is a long way from Ealing, but was presumably built where there was room for all that was needed, next to the older St Bernard's Hospital.
All this reminiscing about my trousseau (yes, not only did it include pots, pans, kitchen knives, tea towels and porcelain but bed linen and blankets too...) made me sentimental... in a lovely way... I reflected on the history behind our possessions and how the most simple and basic of household goods can have so much meaning.
Bake 30-35 min. or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool 10 min. before removing from pans. Let cakes cool on a wire rack.
Some feminist critics might decry these characters as unreal or male fantasies, but they miss the point - they are male fantasies but who is doing the fantasizing? Perhhaps it is the other way around, our inner anima fantasizing life as a man looking at herself in his mirror.
Relient K
maybe if we get a ton of entrys whoever was the first to pick the combo in the end that wins can get a freebie? Lets get lots of players!
He ends by saying: '...although a feminist book it is not just for feminists', and it seems in fact that on Goodreads, where this review appears, the men are liking this book (first published by a feminist press) better than the women - Jim Murdoch gave it a rave review, and five stars. It kind of makes you wonder if, while many women have gone and distanced themselves from what they suspect men see as the taint of feminism, men have been busy assimilating the issues and have become pretty feminist themselves!
I forgive you. (I John 1:9, Romans 8:1)
The main reason for buying it I suppose, would be the addition of a short story, called Dreams of the White Crow, which gives a little vignette into Ferelith's world...
Don't wallow in DOOM that hasn't bloomed yet--
3. Create a NEW blog posting with your creation for this C.S.D. challenge on your blog and tell your followers and readers about this challenge, the Blog Candy and our May sponsor. Be sure to have a link leading back here.
Star bright
They are offering our readers a discount too!
Mattias looked out onto the sea as a smile spread across his face. "Liberation." his head nodded as he looked for how to explain it, "Do you remember what we were talking about before the attack?"
Finally we have our winner of the Spellbinders Witches Brew die cuts, chosen using Random.org . . .
What have y'all been up to?
Kadence is growing like a weed. She still wants me to pick her up, but she's just too big! So instead we settle on her snuggling with me on my lap. :) She only has 3 days left of Kindergarten! I cannot believe that the year is already over. Soon my baby will be a first grader! I was so nervous about sending her to school, and being apart from her all day long when the year began. But we adjusted, and she absolutely loves school. She has grown so much this year! A much more mature, taller little girl is walking out my door every morning on her way to the school bus. It's so much fun watching her grow. Oh, and she has 2 fewer teeth since the last time I posted. ;o)
And that's it. A writer doing a sex scene isn't writing sex, but STORY.
*2 tablespoons of prepared horseradish
But imports not only came from European countries where socialism had been imposed by pro-Stalin regimes. We also had programmes from Latin America and there's one from Brazil I remember very fondly. Its name was The Ranch of the Yellow Bird (I'm doing a literal translation). In Portuguese it was simple called Sitio do Picapau Amarelo.
I always went through life questioning, picking apart every little thing I did. I needed reasons and evidence to support my decisions, I needed concrete proof, reassurance and confidence before I even considered going through with whatever it was.
handful of fresh cilantro
and lands on a fence post, close by
SJ: I want you to tell me about this book.
Yesterday we had a family birthday party for her. We did not want to overwhelm her with a lot of new faces as soon as she came home so this was the first time that most of her family were able to meet her. It just so happens that my father-in-law's birthday is the day before Makinley's so we had a double birthday celebration.
"Hello there" she said with her hand to her brow
can see at a glance if he is on the correct road.
4. The ADA's fundraising practices are among the worst in the charity industry. They use telemarketers who pocket one out of every five dollars raised. The Charity Navigator web site awards them one star out of a possible five. (View their rating HERE.)
Peter Davies, elected as Mayor of Doncaster in June 2009.
Just because this was all based on a book ("The Year of the Angry Rabbit" by Russell Braddon) does nothing to make this any more plausible. THIS IS A MOVIE ABOUT GIANT KILLER RABBITS. It has close-ups of bunnies with little splotches of red makeup around their tiny jowls, all filmed in forced perspective as they hippety-hop their swath of detruction across tiny desert vistas. It has a hapless police officer shouting a line to end all lines: "Attention! Attention! Ladies and gentlemen, attention! There is a herd of killer rabbits headed this way and we desperately need your help!".... In other words, this is a horror movie without any horror. If The Birds were made like this, Tippi Hedren would have no career. In fact, this movie didn't even make back its....
from the accounts in the New Testament,
"I love you too, you hear me? I always have and I always will."
I'm still here, have been having a little bit of a break from scrapping.
Hopefully I will soon have some new art to put up on here :)
You will receive an e-mail confirmation containing the tracking number of your package once your item ships. Shipping information is available on your Account page, where you can also track your order.
GET IN.
I am all alone in my house, that is a miracle that doesn't happen that often. Since Hannah is in preschool I guess it happens about twice a week, sometimes less, but never more. Eric is home taking his last few days of vacation before the-powers-that-be start a new vacation accruing year and the time starts over. You'd think that would happen on January 1st, but it doesn't in large companies. I have no idea why.
As I predicted the MP who attacked fellow Members while drunk in a Westminster bar was dealt with by the Chief Magistrate, Howard Riddle.
IS 51:11-16;
The Lobster Eye
So now.. for the viewing pleasure of all you mama bears and your precious cubs... I present Winnie the Pooh: Too Smart for Stranger (split into three parts). Dated? Yes. But we've got to start educating our children about staying safe at some point... and I think this is a good place to start. Enjoy!
Update, 14:00 GMT, Thursday May 3: Today has been another enforced day off for me since the daycare center is closed until Monday, May 7. The U.S. Embassy here also remains closed and an appointment I had scheduled there for the 7th has already been canceled due to the security situation.
but she is here and your hands are nowhere near me
Moyles: It begins with 's' and rhymes with 'perm'.
Thanks to Michele Obama and general anti-obesity school crusades, the tiny teeny toothpick Merrick has developed an inordinate fear of contracting diabetes. This fear manifests itself in the following ways:
Many people think Eurovision is essentially a straight up political contest, a game taken far too seriously by most of the entrants. This is not entirely accurate.
And now I am on the 29th day, it is rumbling in me, I feel it, but still no sign of it... now I am worry that it will go beyond. I have spent the last 4 days with waiting. I am tired. I am tired of myself.
Or is video your glinting, glimmering, moving?
Art school also develops in its students a love and appreciation for the different forms of art. It opens to the student new vistas of learning and expressing. Even if only for that reason, Art school would be worth every penny.
By the end of the book I felt like this was more about setting up where the series will go from here since its taking them to a different place and with a whole new group of people.
In the photo above I hope you can see the different levels on the little book. In the pictures it is hard to see the beautiful tulle bow in the top left of the frame. But it is there and it helps to put my little book into balance without over powering my images or flowers.
This is something I seem to see parents worrying about sooo often... Parents of four and five year olds (both in and out of school) wring their hands and tear their hair out over the fact their children can't read. When I see this, I just shake my head, and feel bad for those poor kids!
There are people much smarter than me who have tried to quantify quality of life - the Tripawds folks posted a link to an article in the comments section of the previous post that's probably worth looking into though I haven't read it yet.
As Kafka says at the top right of this blog, "Writing means revealing oneself to excess." Can't be avoided.
Definition of OPPROBRIUM
-scheduling time and walking and taking the bus
When home alone
A Rumi quote here and there
We have even eaten.... Mc Donald's.
Despite my musical snobbery at times, I'm a bugger for a Christmas album! I've got almost 100 of them - far too many to even play at Christmas in fact, yet I still can't leave it alone, and always end up buying a few more every year.
Thank you for the visit, happy stamping...
As a self-described old indie-fart, are you still able to connect with the next generation of musicians, and more importantly, readers?
I'd walk through fire to retrieve it,
Ladies don't forget to grab your buttons and display them on your blogs...you've earned them!
Producers said further casting would be announced shortly.
And here you can see the inside of the card where you can leave some love to the recipient.
the whole world much brighter.
Markers: Stampin' Up! Green Galore; Copic Sketch r20 Blush
your long awaited ship in its swell.
2. The standard keyboard for the first time is actually pretty decent, even though its not as intelligent as SwiftKey X.
From Behind Curtain 2, we are excited to announce that Skye Robertson has commenced her challenge. From her Margaret River studio Skye will create an artwork a day for 30 days. Skye describes her challenge:
And the last one, I just turned my head every 10 seconds. If you look closely you can see my ear right under my eye.
The Opening:
The tweet caused an uproar, with many responding angrily.
And put it all together make a beautiful centerpiece for any special occasion. The best part is that after the occasion, the recipient can remove the banner and use it as home decor for Spring and Summer.
Of the four reasons I list, this one is the most separate. Largely, WoW is a move away from modernity and towards the old, if not ancient, past. Besides the Dwarf and Gnome engineering projects, which are more funny than representative of technology, the game is almost completely at peace with nature. The Night Elves especially represent a love towards nature, and they guard it with utmost respect.
5. Taste the burgoo for salt and pepper, adjust as needed, then ladle into heated soup bowls.
For the buttercream filling
Thanksgiving comes ONCE a year. My little family is only together
The inscription by the artist reads:
The family room is my favorite room. It is just off the kitchen and dining room feels very open and warm and inviting. The curtains I just made yesterday and they made my favorite room even more favorite!
One dreadful sound could the Rover hear;
Eli, Brandon Jacobs and Ahmad Bradshaw will be fronted by the reunited, and still great G-Men of the Offensive Line. Shaun O'Hara, the Center, will return after a long nagging foot injury. David Diehl will have another week and a game under his belt with no set-backs. This formidable Offensive Line is finally back together again (Shawn Andrews should be available for reserve duties also) after many weeks apart. That's great news for the running holes Jacobs will be running through; great news for the blockers Bradshaw will be following and cutting behind; and great news for Eli's passing lanes and protection. If you're the Eagles Defense, that's bad news for you.
So she didn't hear a great joke and created a heap of bad karma for herself.
05. Swingin' A-Go-Go
So today I have spent the day sitting at my computer catching up on everything - including my blog :)
As every year it seemed that the summer holidays were here for an eternity out here in Romania. The kids go on holiday about the 2nd week in June and go back to school in the middle of September.
To see what messages
Then there is the Parliament meeting from Sept 24 to Nov 27, where the Budget needs to be tabled.
nowhere an obstacle or conflict.
Thanks for looking.
She knelt
- A new one PA (Wayne County)
The National Union of Metalworkers of SA said the judgment was a victory for the working class.
Graham: after the debates the Newt will rise again
The thing that really struck me was a collection of Valentines from about the 1930's... They are so fragile, intricate and amazing as pieces of artwork. Someone kept these for 70-80 years and they certainly aren't the cheap copy paper versions that I looked at in Target the other day that feature SpongeBob, Hannah Montana and My Little Ponies for Darling's 1st grade class.
and last but not least.... this is one of my fave layouts!! Each year starting in 7th grade when Alexis and Madison have made the cheer squad Michelle and I have taken a picture... this is the most recent when they made it for high school! Love these girls!
7) Bramble (Suggested by Olivier of the Gin Blog)
You are absolutely right about Alexander F. Rodriguez! He is the ONLY person I can imagine playing Alex. I know you didn't ask, but I would really love for Giancarlo Vidrio to play to play Carlos. He was perfect in my book trailer! I don't know that I have my heart set on a Brittany. . .
Was it wrong to show women in scanty swimwear, maybe
ICC has an observation deck on the 100th floor that is open to the public.
Then finally he asked me, "What can I do to change your mind?"
master the Three Mysteries of their own Body, Speech and Mind;
- tuna, salmon sushi roll, edamame, boba coffee
My favorite chant, which we sang the most, was this:
Salt and water as needed.
Web site: www.harmonicinc.com
But there are a number of large employers as well. The average time for homes to sit on the fairmont hotel in kansas city of America because it is simple to search for nuclear construction projects. In fact many companies in this kind of job. In short construction in the fairmont hotel in kansas city and explore the fairmont hotel in kansas city and its culture. Check out the fairmont hotel in kansas city and the fairmont hotel in kansas city and the fairmont hotel in kansas city and to prevent you from getting lost.
Wasabi peas
Ashley just had her second girl a few weeks prior to our visit. So it was so nice to see her! Plus, I made the girls matching outfits for a gift!!
Now I have 12 weeks and a goal to make my life better in time for my 30 year class reunion. And, by the way my book will be out about that time . . . can I really make a transformation happen . . . we will see . . .
As Kenya has ratified the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, the national authorities are obliged to cooperate with the Court, including arresting persons it has charged.
Weight this morning - 189
Giana xoxo
I used my Cricut cake to cut out the Mickey head, the clouds, stars, JACOB, and 2. I don't recall which cartridge the clouds were from, but I do know everything else was from Mickey Font, of course! My sister Leila was here to help me, so I need to give her some credit! She rolled the balls and made those adorable bees.
pacing
It seems like a lifetime ago, but it has only been one month since we received our referral and met our Finley Grace.
2. The one or two tanda rule: Unless you plan on saying, "sleeping with me is an option," do not dance more than two tandas in a row. Make it one -- even better. Thank each other and get off the floor at the cortina. If you really liked dancing, make it clear that you would like another dance later on. Fellow blogger, Terpsichoral, tells me that in Buenos Aires one clears the floor, and that dancing more than one tanda is rare. Hmm, I wonder why! Buenos Aires is full of Tomcats, she says, but that's okay because the women know how to manage these furry creatures. Exactly my point! I am not out to neuter Tango Tomcats, just help communities neutralize them!
My handy dandy watch allows me to set 3 different alarms, so every two and a half hours last night, my alarm went off, and I forced myself to reach into the little cooler Josh had put by the bed and get out two chunks of cheese to eat. Not exactly pleasant, but oh what a difference it's made this morning. I wasn't starting from square one this morning, it was more like square two--and that was a nice place to be. I ate a bagel with cream cheese and a few grapes for breakfast and it was mildly enjoyable. If I could just get one bite of something down every 5 or 10 minutes, I think I could even get to a point where I'm not really sick.
If you think that was strange, how about this mash-up:
God is our refuge and strength,
And across all ages, a staggering four in ten women are not married when they have children.
~Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
"Joe?" Annika asks in bewilderment, "Who's he?"
Department of Home Science, Sri Satya Sai Institute of Higher Learning, Anantapur 515001, India.
I am staying really busy... this week Denver, Co. Next weekend New Jersey!
As gathered,Jim Iyke abandoned the award because of the bad image he garnered last year, especially his alleged N15million scam court case with an ex-girl friend.
One of 209 mineral beach and sport sunscreens to be ranked in the top 11% by the Environmental Working Group
TALK TO ME
Next, the other night, she came up to me, stricken, saying "I keep thinking about a cuss word!" I said, OK, what word is it? She said, "It's um...(whimper, whine)...I CAN'T SAY IT!!!" I gently prodded a bit longer, and she finally said, "It's...THE 'C' WORD!"
For more information on this event or to book a room at the Resort, please visit www.montelagovillage.com. To purchase taster kits in advance please visit www.newvistacommunity.org. For sponsorship information during any MonteLago Village event, please call 702-564-4785.
So, if customers are looking for fast emails and need to browse and surf the net, then Sky Base is good. If customers like to read up on the net; if they need to compare prices and services, then Sky Base will suit them well.
Thinking this is a bit strange, he enters and sits down.
* For me an example of relational understanding in mathematics would be my visual understanding of geometry and the knowledge that the use of a ruler and a compass will allow me to draw objects in euclidean geometry. This is a relational understanding because it is fundamentally what the original philosophers thought of when they constructed the system. The ancient Greek people did not condone the use of abstract thought as it exists today.
When the time comes to create a listing for your property with the help of your estate agent, make sure that you carefully consider both the conditions of the sale and your asking price. Consider whether including your kitchen appliances and other personal property in the home might increase its value to a potential buyer. You may want to also let them know what you will take with you so they do not expect it to be there when they move in. Be explicit in listing these terms so there are no misunderstandings.
For whatever it might be worth, I'd like to mention that THIS is how you build an indoor pool. This is the Indiana University Natatorium, where the Indianapolis Grand Prix is being held held this weekend. World records might be made here. Micheal Phelps has already been beaten here today. Olympic hopefuls will move one step closer to London here.
True enough. If I were Friedman, Puzo or Heller, I might be leery of regular lunches with the likes of Proust, Kafka and Joyce, or Thomas Mann, Faulkner and Borges. This even if they were willing to join my group, which they might decline, and which unpleasantness to forestall I would not ask them to join. Their mere presence, however collegial, might be a thorn in my ego.
When you first called me dada
So, I am currently sitting on my couch, curled up in a ball, watching cheesy movies and cuddling with Oscar.
Welcome to May!
Details of containment unclear.
And then a bunch of socks and underwear--although this dye doesn't really fade much, after a couple years, things begin to look paler and worn, so I toss them in and re-dye them and keep doing that until they get holes and get tossed. I hate that because then there's the whole dyeing-a-bunch-of-little-loads thing unless I save up more clothes in the to-be-dyed pile. Right now there is no pile--for the first time in a long time, I've gotten everything dyed. Whew.
009.037 YUSUFALI: Verily the transposing (of a prohibited month) is an addition to Unbelief: the Unbelievers are led to wrong thereby: for they make it lawful one year, and forbidden another year, in order to adjust the number of months forbidden by Allah and make such forbidden ones lawful. The evil of their course seems pleasing to them. But Allah guideth not those who reject Faith.
Events: Events are what make your maps more interesting. They can be people in your towns, enemies in your fields, a puzzle to be solved, a trigger to be pulled, and more. They are very exciting! We will go into more detail about them in a later segment.
The trigger is much lighter and more crisp than the factory trigger, though the reset is still much longer than that of a 1911. However, I would consider the trigger 'excellent' and would urge people to try this kit without hesitation. The only thing I would do differently would be to also install a new trigger with pre-travel adjustment while doing this project, as it wouldn't add much to the time and effort of the work, but would definitely give an even better user/trigger interaction.
And then in one November night, I received a call.
The title's a bit of a deception, but Two on a Match wouldn't have allowed the filmmakers to use a phrase apparently then in vogue; the three women featured above have rather unequal screen time, with Bette Davis's character shoe-horned in as an after-thought to the shenanigans involving Ann Dvorak's drug-addled dissipation and Joan Blondell swooping in to pick up the pieces of Dvorak's life. Which include, not incidentally, a husband, played by Warren William in a role which must have seemed like quite an acting stretch, since on this occasion William doesn't play a complete cad. Even by the standards of the 1930s, the film squeezes an extraordinary amount of plot into an hour, with LeRoy using newspaper headlines as one neat device to mark the passage of the years, and the film takes full advantage of pre-Code leeway, with marital woes, booze, drugs and brutal gangsters (including Bogart in his hoodlum period) front and center. There's also a kidnapping sequence that must have evoked the tragic Lindbergh case, which took place earlier in 1932, for viewers of the time; as a plot device, it's rather questionable seen against the terrible outcome of the actual kidnapping.
that it's just too hard, expensive and all together impossible
It sounds perfect.
Virgin Media SuperHub
You might enjoy the series:
(Charlotte Williams is not using her real name)
Here's a little sneak peek of my first project for Snazzy's for this month. We were given some lovely stamps that I have had the pleasure of working with once before. Hope you'll pop over to the Snazzy DT blog to look at the project details.
It took them rather longer, looking back, than one might have expected, but they obviously thought very hard, particularly after the second summer, 2007, and said, "We're not going to get anywhere taking on the British soldiers at what they do best; ergo we will find another way".
Relationships: Whoever you are, you need a support system. Relationships are vital to your health. You need to lovingly weed those negative people out of your garden. Negativity is toxic. If you are eating raw organic vegan and jogging ten miles, and then going home and being verbally abused, your health is still going to suffer. Everyone has a responsibility to take care of her own garden. Bless those negative people and love yourself enough to extract yourself from that situation. If you need help, get it.
so what the hell have I been doing you may be asking (or not), living each day to the fullest and savoring every moment (blah blah blah). ok I have my good days and then the occasionally bad one too. baby girl is getting so BIG! it just makes me want to cry as she is growing up so fast. she now has TWO teeth (teething = stressful mommy) and the hair, is well still not so much there but it is growing (just very slowly..)
y hago las piedras de llorar,
The weekend really as been enjoyable so far...busy and knackering as hell, but still fun. We've seen alot of new faces and a bloody good chunk of familiar ones (which is always good to see) but there's still a few days left to go so i hope to see some more beer being drunk by you all soon.
Well, the sun shines brightly today and finally we have clear blue sky. In my earlier post of Marina Bay, the pictures did not turn up so good. Went out today to Fort Canning Park and walked all the way to Marina Bay. Lots of people.
If you climb up out of the centre of the village, up West Lane, you will need a stout constitution and by the time you reach the top of the hill you will deserve a bottle of stout - or two. For previous generations of walkers, the Sun Inn at the junction of West Lane and the somewhat spooky Wicken Lane has provided refreshments for the weary traveler. But alas, the inn sign no longer swings in the north-easterly breeze, the hand-pumps no longer dispense Waller' Nourishing Stout or Hammonds Ales, and the brittle click of bone dominoes no longer sends cats seeking the shelter of cellars.
Over a very English snack of tea and biscuits, Mayall, 42, and Edmondson, 43, try to explain their unique brand of humour.
Do you have a dream project you'd love to write?
Home is where your team is located. Home is where your stadium is. Home is where the organization that you played for and whoever signs your check is. Home ultimately is where your fans, thousands of us are living. And that is inMiamiand all the other cities in South Florida, like in my case.
I on the other hand remember taking you out to lunch 'Petra. You were about 8, a very mature 8. I ordered us open sandwiches, and mine were roastbeef and other 'adult' varieties. When they brought yours in, we both stared at the plate mouths agape. Do you remember what the third sandwich was, 'Petra? 'Petra smiled from ear to ear. Yes, I do, 'Petra answered, it was buttered white bread with thin slices of chocolate and banana on top. I don't think I'd ever eaten anything that gross before. Eloise smiled, you didn't eat it though. I remember you throwing a hissy fit at the waiter who brought you an entirely new plate identical to the one I had. 'Petra chuckled, sounds like me but I don't remember that.
I also wanted to announce the winner of the Apartment Guide giveaway of a $100 AmEx gift card...
I'm thinking about leaving the bottom half dark and adding some gorgeous gold pulls.
Over the years I have had many different experiences with spiders. Some I look back and laugh at the ridiculousness of the situation, some still make me shutter and some I have blocked from my mind. Here are a few of these encounters.
But this is a minor complaint. What we have here is another deliberate and carefully measured step along a well considered reinvention of what Doctor Who is and should be in the 1980s. For the first time in years we have a coherent vision of what Doctor Who is being executed with reliable competence by the production team. This is a crowning glory for the show.
Quote of the day: There are two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live. - John Adams
Slivers of sunlight
Wow, what a special year 2010 has been, not so much because of what I did but rather because of many things I did not expect. Here are my top 10 surprises in no particular order:
This is my final entry for the Digi Doodle Shop Design Team. I will greatly miss this wonderful team. The one consolation is that I will still be able to shop and get their gorgeous images. Keep those animals coming! I have been struggling with my artwork lately and am not really satisfied with how I'm doing. I am planning on taking some classes so I can better learn shading and some other coloring techniques. A natural born artist I am not.
*Blam!*
Now I feel like I understand what it takes to produce a podcast AND I now know what a professional online class experience can be like, I'm sold. Thanks Diane!
There is a phenomenon in physics that involves producing electromagnetic energy, i.e., some form of light, by purely physical means. You can try it yourself: Take some adhesive tape into a nice dark closet and pull some tape off the roll very hard, very fast. With some luck you might see little flashes of light. Those are not optical illusions, you really have generated light by pulling a piece of adhesive tape. This device, under development, apparently uses a version of the principle to produce X-rays, which are even more energetic than visible light.
''It's our position in the lawsuit that they are not entitled to do that.''
October 3 @ Lee's Palace (Toronto, Ontario)
Total Weight Loss: 90.8lbs
Elsewhere, consumers who believed that Nutella was nutritious have won a $3.05 million lawsuit, the highest award ever paid to morons.
Our house has been hit by a virus this week. I was the last to get it (assuming, fingers crossed, that the baby is spared). That means that just as the Bibliophile regained his energy, I started losing mine to a diet of clear liquids. To beat the stir-crazies from being housebound for days, I broke out an easy favorite - the scavenger hunt. We've used these in the past for reinforcing educational concepts like colors, alphabet, shapes, etc. but these ones were just a hodgepodge for fun.
A few weeks ago, I visited a certain non-denominational church for the first time. Upon entering this church, it was obvious that central to core of this church was the worship experience. More specifically, it was the emotional atmosphere driven worship service. The sanctuary was very dark, the stage was set up like a concert with expensive lighting and all the typical instruments of someone trying to reproduce Hillsong. In the back was the typical gigantic soundboard. I tried to find a seat in the dark, which took a bit for my eyes to adjust. As I began to sing along, I found it hard to even make out who the people were next to me. The music lyrics were posted on two large projector screens in the front. The backgrounds that the lyrics were printed on was video of the musicians playing, in which the camera zoomed in out slowly on the musicians fingers and expressions, like a 90s rock video. When worshipped ended there was a message that had more Powerpoint with coffee cups than Scriptures and most of the message was the Francis Chan version of a Pneuma video.
Original oil painting on canvas panel
Below are the dates and times for drop-off, pick-up, and the sale times.
Being the Creator of everything and having all power He knows everything, but He leaves opportunities to change the ways of what could happen. Though He loves all those who want to follow Him and live according to His Law.
1 powers
Picture This w NM $6.00
"QR Codes are barcodes for information. Using your free QR code reader I want you to figure out what kind. You have 7 minutes to figure out what is encoded in these secret messages taped up on the wall. Go!" Step 4: Learning to Use QR Codes
by Prophet T.B. Joshua is
1/4 cup yellow cornmeal
I joined while not revealing my last name but people found me anyway and, boy, am I glad they did!
BATHING SUITS
Last Fall I did a series of posts on my blog about various "house stations" I set up to help us get control of clutter. One of my favorite projects was coming up with a system to help us organize all of the paper coming into our house. I can't even tell you how much I've loved this filing system! It has made paper control so much easier and my house no longer has random stacks of paper in every corner! I also created a binder to hold all of my "running lists." {Soon after finding iHeart Organizing I took a minute to update my binder with several of Jen's fun printouts}
The pickled watermelon, for 3 dollars, was also pretty good. The Kool-Aid flavor really came out in the few pieces of pickled rind that were on the plate. Additionally, the basil on the dish was really fresh and actually not overwhelming.
Friends would choose our house because of her hospitality and love for each person who walked through our front door. People would fall asleep on our couch because she made our home a house of peace and rest. She is feisty yet gentle. She is gracious yet firm. She is the woman who taught me how to tie my shoe and how to know the Savior.
Found this funny but please don't let the MSM know, you know how they are suckers for an anti smoking story.
Jon Herington: guitar
Week one:
in the music I recalled inside the
all our good deeds are like polluted rags;
Dark Hour: Serpent Moon Trilogy Book 1 / Ginger Garrett
Oh precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
I'd of course have to disagree. But hey, that's only my opinion.
Blogging will begin anew, soon.
soooo
Delivery Address : ***
So back to Alison...a few weeks ago I received an email from her that went a little like this:
Trent Veldkamp : Bought Dual XR4115 In as a xmas gift
*Sigh* It really is true what they say. "You don't know what you got until it's gone." When we live with something that we like for so long, we become very accostumed to it, so much so that we can't ever imagine how we'd get along without it. And yet, when it get's taken from us, we just have to somehow get by. In this case I'm referring to internet service (as if you couldn't tell).
and subdued fears
You get MAXIMUM rakeback deals at reliable rooms.
Mercedes Echerer, Actress, Former MEP and Director of EU XXL Film (Austria)
Jeremy Budd, Mark Dobell (tenor)
Lime - 1/2
It is truly ridiculous that a jar full of random buttons did not include anything that matched this fabric. I pulled out a covered button kit to remedy the situation, so it is not a big deal, but I do wonder if I will ever find a use for all of those lonely buttons.
on her own sewing machine which she saved up for last year. That girl loves to sew and learn - can't imagine where she gets it from ;-) Just look at the concentration on her face......!
My base is vanilla with a layer of soft suede. The dsp is from Attic Boutique by Stampin' Up. The bottom panel is pool party with some Spice Cake dsp (retired). There is a tiny panel of Attic Boutique dsp in daffodil yellow peeking out from above my pool party seam binding bow. I've used the new framelit dies that are now available from Stampin' Up, embossing the bottom layer. I really prefer a narrower border when layering dies like this but that's the way these framelits have been made. My images and greeting are from the new set called Tea Shoppe. Around all the edges of each layer of card stock and dsp I have sponged soft suede ink using a foam blending tool and craft mat. The look I wanted was a little bit vintage but not dirty. The daffodil yellow of the bottom framelit gives the card a lift and all the colours combine so well together.
Tonight, I'm eating lots of ice cream with Floyd. Then sinking my face into his chest.
Have a great summer!
The new alternate (blue) count variant to the primary count above is that wave i-(5) of minor 3 is just ending here near 1307. There should be about a 50% retrace to the 1291 pivot area for wave ii-(5) before wave iii-(5) heads for 1340. The ultimate target for wave v-(5) of minor is 1344, where (5)=1.62*(1). There is also a minor 3 = 1.23*minor 1 target at 1336.
So with all that sleeping you'd think mummy would be updating her blog a bit more? Oh dear, where do the days go?
For more information on Preparedness or to find out where I stand on all this "prepping", you'll find there is a Prepping Basics Index with all my posts on the subject (so you don't have to scroll down through every post, but you can jump to each one directly). Someone asked this past month if I plan on finishing the series on Prepping Basics. Yes, but I have no clue when! I'm in the throws of major gardening right now, so if I promised a date, I'd probably fail! But don't give up on me entirely!
I wasn't in love with our sectional and wanted something new. Hubby was on board so I was on a mission to get rid of the old and bring in the new.
A big hello wave and welcome to you all! I am super excited to have you stopping by and to be hosting for the lovely Maxabella this week.
And since my goal was to have this done before he was two, I should probably at least try to do it before he turns three !
When the game was over we counted the base scores and came up with the numbers above.
On Monday, February 6, 2012, 11 men lost their lives in a tragic accident.
5: Stairway To Heaven
I would like to offer up a gift of several useful embellishing items to one of you who will leave a comment. I have way too much fun stuff that hubby says is weighting down our house!! The gift pack will include some encyclopedia pages from a 1958 set, pages from an old French book, pages from an old German book, and several surprises. Lots of great things for making note cards and collages.
Now, we all know there was a line of Christian Archie comics (Spire comics); however, this ain't it. This has no relation to those Spire Archies - this is a normal Archie comic influenced, once again, by the popularity of The Exorcist and the prevailing occult fanaticism of the day.
I marvelled at those fingers, the way they curled around mine like little worms.
If you enter Tagged.com and/or Tagged.inc in Google followed by "spam" you'll get many more websites and blogs complaining about Tagged." (courtesy of yahoo answers)
Although she is in good spirits overall, this round of chemo has brought more sleepiness, neediness(for extra snuggles), and fussiness that we've never endured before. She has been one tough cookie and is still surprising her doctor with her tenacity and happy-go-lucky attitude.
Email them or SMS to inform about payment made. I received their reply soon after and was informed that my orders will be sent on Monday, March 12th 2012. *excited*
worse
So how could it have been even better? They passed on David DeCastro.They had a need along the offensive line, and for the sake of picking up an extra 4th rounder, they sacrificed DeCastro and took Kevin Zeitler four spots later. Yes even the best draft in the nfl, managed to make the Steelers look like geniuses. Grade A+
As such, the obvious conclusion has been reached: there are good reasons to enforce obedience and good reason to allow disobedience. The challenge would seem to be to balance the need for both obedience and dissent in a way that creates the most good (and avoids the most evil).
Furthermore, while the Parliamentary Secretary is talking to the Chairman of I.T.V. he might speak to him about smoking by performers in non-commercial programmes. I do not watch the commercial screen very frequently, but I am told by those who do that in almost any type of programme, and particularly the so-called serious political discussions, some and often all of the participants are constantly puffing away at cigarettes and offering themselves a further supply.
I really, really miss my subscription to Entertainment Weekly.
Nuance, B. Hussein.
We had a very happy Christmas. The weather was so unbelievably mild that I thought we were in San Diego.........almost. :-)
Sprinkle chopped parsley on top of the vegetable dip for a garnish to add some color on top.
But times are changing. We'd done so much traveling in beautiful Little Gracie, that her mileage was getting on up there for a young vehicle. We also needed to see where we could save money. Figuring we could save half (did you read that?) HALF of my gas budget if we downsized, we knew we needed to be good stewards.
cooked sausage (I generally use leftover medium-spicy Italian sausage)
A: Being an ex-pat has taught me that we live in a big world. What we consider to be "the way it is" sometimes turns out to be just a local attitude. When you get out of your own little neighborhood you meet people who see things from a different vantage point. And that's enlightening. In my writing, it's made me careful to explain American terms and customs for an international audience. I can't expect readers in Amsterdam to know that CHP stands for California Highway Patrol, or that "Red or green?" refers to my heroine's choice of salsa. The big thing I learned is that people in Britain consider California to be exotic. I thought Santa Barbara was an ordinary place to grow up, but my English friends pictured it as Baywatch - all bikinis and jet skis and automatic weapons. And hey, I was more than happy to write stories set in a world I love, and that they find fascinating.
Meanwhile, Israel has been drafting emergency plans to address expected power outages this summer.
I can still see the day that you came to me on the pinked desert
I actually used the black gaffers tape along the entire path for aesthetic reasons.
And it would certainly top off the weekend if I had some time to get inky too. Maybe even try another card with this week's sketch. I hope you'll play along too! Here it is:
Extinguish once suffocated
to the idea of The Grid
Yours, my love, forever.
But progressing from the above, I have, since, seen Mr Sarkosy depart from the offices of French presidency and Mr Hollande arrive to take his place. Heavens knows what will happen to la belle France, I wait with baited breath.
6 large eggs, separated
Shake 1 tablespoon of the flour into the cake pan, and shake it around so it sticks to the butter. Tap out any excess flour that doesn't stick to the parchment or to the sides of the pan.
Of course, what the fuck would I know about that?
Then he kisses the book, saying quietly: Through the words of the Gospel may our sins be wiped away.
I was also surpirsed at her first language is French!
Democrats act as if the right to run across the border when you're eight and a half months pregnant, give birth in a U.S. hospital and then immediately start collecting welfare was exactly what our forebears had in mind, a sacred constitutional right, as old as the 14th Amendment itself.
building making touching a variety of materials?
But look! Pop the top shell off a dozen or so fresh bivalves. Slide them onto the top rack of the smoker. Wait a measly hour or so. You get smoked oysters!
The plate came with a sweet spinach salad on the side, which ended up being my favorite part of the meal. I could have eaten five pounds of that salad and still asked for more. I also ordered a raspberry ice tea, freshly brewed and unsweetened, just the way I like it. At least part of my meal was tasty.
work is calling
Supported a one-time $500 tax on persons with over million dollar incomes to create half a million jobs . NO
Mr. Big: "That was nice. Why don't we take two days off every week since it worked out so well last time."
And even if everyone behaves and stays inside Jordan, this is mighty good practice should the Assad regime collapse. And the Syrians will need to devote scarce resources to watching their long border with Jordan just to keep the exercise participants honest.
When you handle old textiles as much as I do, you can recognise a special find just by it's fold. Linen folds in a soft, supple, heavy manner, like no other fabric. Pure linen ticking is very unusual today, it hasn't been made since the late 1800's.
For Tenaganita executive director Irene Fernandez, the new system would only result in more extortion of foreign workers by bogus officers.
Most of my knitting and hooking happens in the living room on the sofa but sewing is different. Sewing needs it's own special place. All those sharp scissors and needles, and cutters......yes, they definitely need storing away in a safe place with all these interested little ones around. So where is this sewing space? Well it's here:
Pre-K
One of my favorite things to do is use contrasting fabric to line the Pret-Tea Cosies. In this case, I used what I call a "French influenced design" black/white fabric...and it turned out beautifully.
Remember what happens next in the movie? One day, Forrest decides he has had enough. He's tired. So he just stops running. That's what I feel like right now.
7. And they will never invoke it because of what their hands have sent before; and Allah is Cognizant of the unjust.
Many of you have probably heard of Fat Mum Slim's 'Photo a Day' monthly photo challenge and I've always admired from a distance. It adds another element to just taking a picture each day, and I'll be honest I struggle with remembering that one. Having to make it fit a particular theme will definitely be difficult, but I figure I'll try it once! I'll be posting my pictures on Instagram.
A man who believes he is God's gift to women - and a man who remembers a woman was God's gift to man...
sharing food
(Supplies: Echo Park Little Boy paper collection, Papertrey Ink card stock, twine from The Twinery)
Would you guys be interested in new recipes I'm trying at night to make no carbs more interesting? Just lemme know and I'd be happy to share!
Me #2: I know, right? You can laminate for FREE at school, duh!
This may work out ok. Kinda takes all the sting out of the spit or swallow argument!!!
"How much 'almost more time' will it take you?"
It's quite possible that this post will be adding insult to the injury being suffered by my poor, neglected blog, as I venture into the cheap world of beer that is Oettinger. Apparently nobody in Oettingen actually drinks it as they send it all away, but then the local beer snobs (probably Becks drinkers, hah! :P) would say that.
I use Not Your Mother's-All Eyes On Me Shape & Shine Hairspray as a finishing spray. Whether my "do" is curly, wavy, straight, or up in a formal "do". I love that this hairspray locks humidity out while holding my hair style in through out the day.
I'm just going to do what i want with those now.
I love the stories. The story of the couple and what brought them to that day; the stories of funny, touching, unexpected things that happened the day of the wedding; the stories behind moments captured by exceptional (or lucky) photographers. The stories are by far my favorite thing about weddings.
Thank you for joining me on this journey.
In the US the Conglomerate cornered the market on production and they eventually became the government. Soames (the tablet) eventually became the only excepted form of currency. However, there is a fly in the ointment and the fly is named Reinhold Borsten. The Conglomerate has learned that Borsten plans on dumping a chemical in to the global cloud cover that will neutralize all the radioactivity in the clouds, essentially solving the global radiated water supply.
Forgotten vegetables, smoked pork jowl, yabby tails with aromas of cedar
through heaps of white noise,
I just stashed all my fears and put it out there. I published my book as an e book. I am now a self-made author. I thought I'd feel more ashamed of myself, but I don't really. I'm actually kind of excited.
Oh, and here is a photo of the delicious pasta dinner I made, which was mentioned in my previous post. I think that tonight is the first time that I've ever eaten pasta without cheese!
With Vladimir Putin returning to the Russian presidency, the prospect that he again would order an attack on Georgia as he did in August 2008 also has become a possibility, these informed sources say.
Did the requirement for the presidency state that an individual had to be of the same faith to be considered competent to run for office?
The half-silhouette of a tombstone was left embracing its own shadow.
6/27/09
I've noticed with gluten free flour, recipes come out a little drier.
The central issue is not about the big 'H' - homebirth. The central issue is the midwife's right to engage in professional practice. A midwife who is attending a woman in labour, with or without a scarred uterus or any other of the listed contraindications, or complication, is professionally able to work with the woman to make appropriate decisions. In some cases that may mean going to hospital; in others it means staying at home. At all times the wellbeing and safety of mother and baby guide the midwife's professional advice. Home is only a setting. Healthy mothers and babies are the outcome we desire.
The Amalgamation of Northern Ireland Supporters' Clubs insists that its problem with the game is not just an expensive bus ticket; it maintains that the IFA did not listen to its advice in the run-up to the competition.
These cats are the opposite of each other, but we love them most dearly. Well I must go get more food for Pia.
sing, voice of a thousand unwritten songs, and be heard
Boxes are ships at anchor: Light blue are tugs. Red are tankers. Green is cargo. The dark blue arrow is the SI ferry.
1/4c cilantro, chopped finely
Shoes: Primark
I also love the work of Piero di Cosimo, whose fantastic painting of Perseus rescuing Andromeda from a horrible monster really inspired me! I could imagine walking into any of these paintings and having a closer look around.
I just look at him. I respond, like you are a swimmer or a runner and shave your legs?
ISBN-13: 978-1-4391-9832-2
FRI
Want to continue reading? Click on the title below to download
6. When someone is talking and make a grammar error do you feel the strong and sometimes over whelming urge to correct them?
As he reached the handle to the door he looked back just in time to see the woman hurdle the chair with ease. Stunned at her athleticism he fumbled for the shotgun, unable and unwilling to take his eyes off of her.
The sound was recorded on March 1, 1999 on the Equatorial Pacific Ocean autonomous hydrophone array.
At no point did the novel grip me and make me want to stay up and read it.
presque vu
Time to go home, old friend. He swayed slightly as he made his way from the table. He put his arm round the shoulders of his friend as they headed for the door.
Actress Angelina Jolie was recently spotted with her kids at a European play park in Malta looking stylish as ever with her Louis Vuitton Monogram Sac Plat Tote Bag. Being a mother of quite a few kids, imagine just how useful & functional the LV monogram sac plat tote is for Jolie.
Landscape mode video playback
What if someone said
The team was also boosted by the appearance of both British National Party MEPs, Nick Griffin and Andrew Brons, who took an active part in the town centre outreach.
- 6 pieces of imitation crab torn into thin strips(also old in packages in the refrigerated section at asian markets)
Do you think that emotions are indicators of mental illness?
Charlotte: Alright stud. Who are they then?
and then, that afternoon, she chose a different story to read before naptime.
Seared Medallions of Pork Tenderloin
This was what I wore the day after we went to WWRY. See my hacked up Queen shirt? :-D My hair was still pincurly (I'm curly right now actually!) so I wanted to take full advantage of it and take some pictures. They're more flat and messy than the day before but I still loved it. I also love the way the curls bring out my haircolors. The day before I took these pictures (the day we went to WWRY) the weather was absolutely lovely and almost warm. The day I took these pictures it was pretty cold. Also, the bottomlid of my left eye was a little swollen and red because I accidentally scratched myself in the eye :-(. Seriously, I'm the clumsiest person I know. Who the hell scratches themselves in the eye?! I AM ASHAMED. No not really, I laughed about it with my boyfriend afterwards but still, it hurt! I do stuff like this quite often. I once or even twice woke up with my nosepiercing missing because I accidentally pulled it out of my nose in my sleep. After it happened two times, I bought the piercings with the twisty end so I can't just pull it out. I used to bite my tongue and my lower lip a lot too but once I started eating more slowly I rarely do that anymore. I don't think I will ever wear stiletto's out of fear of breaking my foot or something because really, if anyone can, it's me.
Could it be that he wasn't caught because he didn't fit the profile? Might it be that the police were not looking for him because he wasn't the colour that serial killers are supposed to be?
Birds chirping;
This one, however, I was much less a fan. One of the biggest draws for me, as a gamer, is the social and visceral feel of sitting around a table, rolling dice. While Gamer Dice provides a stable replacement for the actual art of rolling dice, it can't replace that tactile feel of letting your d20s tumble between your fingers, clatter across the table, and roll to a stop.
Finished!
It was noted above that Antifa needs the tolerance of government to survive, but this is not only true in the sense that it can, as an intrinsically criminal entity, be shut down if the political will exists. Perhaps more importantly, it is true in the sense that the very livelihoods of Antifa members seem to be dependent on the existence of a strong welfare state, and I am particularly indebted to VH for explaining this point to me.
Here is a fun 8-'s LO I did. This is not for the challenge- I did it a while ago.... So dont consider it an example- as it doesnt follow the rules- I just thought you might get a kick out of it ;)
I started off with the Sending You die from Papertrey, which I bought a while ago because I mistakenly thought the leaves were separate pieces. It turns out, though, that they come together in one die like this:
Orange Picker Affiliated 3 Complete Orange Picker Affiliated 2 with 100 oranges in 30 seconds
McMormans 0
Following the tradition, a few facts:
This is what Sir John Betjeman called the Harmondsworth Barn near Heathrow. The largest timber-framed structure in England, dating from 1426, this amazing symphony in oak was being used as intended as recently as 1978. Quite remarkable. The barn measures 192 feet by 37 feet and is 39 feet high. As you enter, you appreciate immediately what Betjeman meant.
1/2 t fresh orange zest
I am pleased to say that I have reaped the benefits of living within a 15 min. walk or less from public transit and cycling infrastructure for the cities of: Toronto, Vancouver and Calgary.
December 14 - Joe Simon, comic book writer (Captain America), 98
Monday - Chicken breasts with butternut squash and kale
The closer the back dowel gets to the heddle, though, the smaller and more disorganized the shed gets. Why disorganized?
Every circle has its end.
bridget3420
And that is what I am going to do. I submitted both of these quilts and a third in another show at the end of April. I don't know if they will be accepted, but it will be interesting to hear what those judges have to say.
3. Can I pay the search engine to be ranked higher? No. Search engines will take your money for sponsored links, keyword ads, and the like. But none of the popular search engines determine placement of your site in the results list based on whether you advertise or how much you advertise.
13 I Love U
11,773 individuals any guess what percentage of thoat were children? that is still 1000% if not more children killed by drunks than sex offenders. Therefore if the excuse that sex offenders are so so SO dangerous we need to track eveyr move they make 24/7 THE REST OF THEIR LIVES....where are the same 1 strike your OUT laws for DUI! Where are the registry's for drunks also the residence and working restrictions? of course theirs should be reversed They should be required to live no FARTEHR than 1,000 from a bar or liquor store so they have no reaosn to get into a car and kill people!I replied that:
I wonder why it happens like this? I wonder why the leaves that are so beautiful and so vibrant and so full of color and wonder must fall to the ground and blow off in the wind? Maybe it's to make way for another beautiful season that is to come? Maybe it's to break up the seasonal monotony? Maybe it's a God's way of replenishing and restoring His earth? A global grooming so to speak. I like the idea of the latter :)
A million years ago (or so it seems), 'ol Carteach was treated to some indoor range time one night. One night... meaning all of one night... from late evening to early bright. A buddy and I kept the steel ringing on the range for about eight hours straight.
- So Gaz Holgate - who just happens to be one of my favorite players from the Philippine Volcanoes rugby team - is in Manila right now, and will be staying in the country for the next two weeks for a working vacation. I'm too old for him, so I'll have to crush at a safe distance (or at least through Twitter and Jessica Rules The Universe), but there are two reasons why I'm in full swoon: He bears a passing resemblance to Colin Farrell, and speaks with a lovely Welsh accent.
We are ready to do that.
The millet is coming along very well. The budgies have been enjoying the chickweed that I am growing for them on my balcony. They clear the whole plate of it when I put it out. Admittedly half of it ends up on the floor. Very messy eaters these fiends.
Anthony Trollope:
Daddy was a very small man, very neat and clean. He weighed no more than 110 pounds; always dressed in starched and creased tan pants, a starched white shirt with the cuffs folded above the wrists and he always wore black dress shoes.
Well recommended.
You can apply those emotions and personal experiences to your story. Your characters can go through emotions and ordeals you went through, even if your story may be historical or science fiction or fantasy.
- Audiobooks
On top of that, our pediatrician confirmed what we already knew: Brayden is speech delayed. I knew this was coming, I mean the kid just said momma for the first time 2 weeks ago. His other word? Dada. That's it. But hearing it from his doctor? Just kind of hurt. We are in the process of getting him an evaluation through Easter Seals. More to come on this.
Luke: No way. He's got this whole yellow fetish thing. It's really...well, we'll just say it's messy. I've never seen someone spring so many 'fluid leaks' when we're on Naboo with their stupid yellow fighters.
During that lazy California summer I realized there were more important things than running with the pack. That was a big step for a 12 year old boy. I think I understood compassion for the first time in the darkness under that starry night sky. It was the first time I started to become an individual and think for myself. After that week in the woods, I saw the world a little differently. I still do.
2) I have another exciting event to share with you all!
'Clyde Tolson? Assistant Director FBI?'
A. $15 is reasonable and I can bring the boyfriend for only $5 more. Nice.
Happy week end to you !
Tools: Simply Scored, Stampin Dimensionals, SNAIL, Crimper, Paper Piercer, Everyday Enchantment Brads.
Here is the stash of yarn I've accumulated over the past couple of weeks. Some of this is from Knitpicks too.
HEAVENS FOR THE FEW WHO STRIVE
Retirement Security:
Skirt: Banana Republic
** Indiana Downs "selection of tarts" This doesn't do it justice. We weren't able to sample everything they offered because they were changing it up every hour. What we had was delicious but I don't know what it was. Something with a goat cheese consistency and taste on top, a fruit compote of some sort, and they used edible flowers as well. Yummy and intriguing.
I think that last bit is important, and key to why I feel comfortable walking into new stores now--rather than hyperventilating and going beet red like before. To some extent, recognizing the purpose of a SA is the key to comfort. I adopt that wonderful French practice: I greet somebody when I enter. This tells the SA that I know s/he is there so they can go about their duties. Second, when approached, I explain my purpose. If it's to be fitted, I say so--if it's to look around, I say that too. My goal is to express my purchase intent (from on the horizon to right now) while being open to new ideas. When I leave, I thank someone, even if no one specific helped me.
The ironic thing about the Cupar bridge works is that I used another bridge across the Eden to avoid the roadworks. Any guesses as to which route I took? That's right. I used Dairsie Bridge to avoid Cupar's failings...
The one thing I love about flying is that it's a great way to knock out hand sewing (what else are you gonna do at 37,000 feet trapped in a steel can seated in 2 cubic feet of space?)
We have created a raised vegetable bed from some old oak groins salvaged from a building site, we bought a plastic greenhouse which is now full of tomato plants and herb seedlings and I had scrounged 2 old butlers sinks from my mum ages ago that are now planted with asparagus and some more herbs. We bagged ourselves some potent Turkey muck from the farm so all the ingredients are there.
So . . . here's my checkbook and my car-keys,
I came to the realization that I was in a depression, and it had very much to do with my Mom's passing, although I didn't put it together until recently. A complicated relationship, but we were always best friends. I loved her hugely, and I miss her so much.
Some friends and I were having a conversation on tango the other day and the subject drifted toward the manner of dance here in the states, in particular, what seems to be a common tendency among highly skilled dancers and professionals. To specify, I'm fairly certain it was in reference to many who dance in the style generally referred to or understood as "neo" or "nuevo," which quite frankly seems to comprise many of the well known professionals. Anyway, my friend was saying how she finds that most people she has danced with in this style who are from this country have a curious lack of dynamic compared to people from Europe or Argentina. By "dynamic," we mean the manner in which energy is shared between partners; the give and take of force. For example, how the leader can mark a propulsion in the follower and then use the energy from her subsequent inertia to power his own movement. (This can also work the other way, where the follower uses the leader's energy.)
At the beginning of Christmas week, I baked up boxes full of treats for my neighbors, as is our annual tradition. We all exchange sweets, and for two weeks, the counters are just loaded with cookies and candy. Tom's fudge and Kristen's buckeyes are my absolute favorites, but mostly I love the tradition of baking for each other.
And I love watching my kids excitement as something hot is pulled from the oven.....and that terribly long wait it takes to cool so we can have our first bites.
If I can turn phrases and say them just
My card features a paper from the Cool Escapes digi paper pack and a beautiful daisy image from Bee Loved. I LOVE this set! Oh, oh... and I just ordered a couple of other stamp sets from My Time Made Easy that will be here any day now. I am soooo excited. I didn't really have the money, but I just couldn't resist any longer! LOL!! So now I hope I make bonus for this quarter because my "bets will be called soon."
Don't even get me started on mittens. Specifically, the inability of mittens to stay on the hand, and the insanity of watching a two-year-old yank off her mitten in frustration, plunge her bare hand into the snow, and then scream because she has no mitten.
ISBN 9780747570639
After the woman has been shot by the antagonist, the camera changes to a slick, good looking man walking out of the shadows, like a hero would in a superhero film. The music also changes to a jazz upbeat sound, which tells us that this man is the protagonist, as it is a totally opposite sound to that of the antagonist.
Make the hook and eye clasp. Make a few chains of links to create several eyes so the bracelet is adjustable.
1 abrupt
Mors mon nez
Writers: Thornton Wilder (book), Michael Stewart (book of stage play), Ernest Lehman, Johann Nestroy
Yaya Toure v Scholes
I can make sure that you are actually following.
Anyway, onto the business at hand. So according to Weight Watchers (WW), a woman of my height (which is 5 foot 6 inches) should weigh anywhere from 124 to 155 pounds. Just to meet the high end of that range, I will have to lose 79 pounds. And yes to all of you math geniuses out there I did more or less just inform all of cyberspace what my weight is. Since the conception of this blog, I struggled with whether or not I was going to put it out there. I struggled actually right up until this very second. But I figured since one day I will be featured in the "success story" section of WW Magazine or the "weight loss" issue of People magazine (on stands now by the way), I would have to share it anyway seeing as they literally just put those three numbers out there in black and white (for the rest of us who are inept at math) for the whole world to see.
After the sun the rain,
This Thanksgiving will be bittersweet. This year, three people who are important to members of my family won't be here. The boys will not see their biological father. They have not mentioned anything about it, but it has been on my mind. Even though the two of us have had a tumultuous relationship over the past few years, he was still their father. Mike's father won't be here to play the role of patriarch at the family Thanksgiving, always the consummate host. There will be a huge hole in the celebration. And finally, my sweet Muz is celebrating with Jesus and making sure that the Thanksgiving table in Heaven is set "just so"... But she won't be with us, and I know my mother will be so affected.
Katie b.
Questions to answer on characterization:
I see no reason to worry now.
I'm beginning to think -- after reading books like Linchpin, as well as books by Daniel Quinn, mentioned above, who also writes about the significance of how we make our living -- that, at least in American culture, where work has always been the main driver for cultural change, the radical altering in how we work -- and how we think about work -- will be the driving force in changing the way we think about education -- and, ultimately, in changing the way we choose to live and learn.
12. made a plan to use my favorite corduroy fabric that i bought over 8 years ago!
I used some Self Adhesive Velcro Fasteners to keep it closed.
6:30 Must be in the car and headed to work.
I wouldn't change it for anything.
12. The Milkshakes - Love Can Lose
Sorghum
You cannot have perfect eyesight forever. As one get older, the functions of the eyes get weak. Macular degeneration, which is an age related vision problem, it is caused by the weakness of the retina. It makes the inner part of your vision hazy and blurry.
Now that your pinwheel is finished you need a stem. I used wooden skewers - 100 for $1. I used scissor to clip off the sharp end. Shut my eyes when I made the cut. Probably not the best method, but it worked. Safety glasses might be key.
Bitter and hateful, the Grinch is irritated at the thought of the nearby village having a happy time celebrating Christmas. So disguised as Santa Claus, with his dog made to look like a reindeer, he raids the village to steal all the Christmas things. The village is sure to have a sad Christmas this year.
Milena Oda
Nothing too big or small (It does not matter what it is you can have it)
To round out my garden shopping, I also purchased some poppy and amaranthus seeds. I would have loved to get ferns and hostas, but I have no shade back there!
She has heard a whisper say,
I want to dip back into my photos for March 23 (or whatever week I am doing) and find photos from that day from other years. Or as close to that day as I happened to blog/take photos.
We consider each of these points in more detail, explain why they are the typical mistakes made by many poker players in http://www.everestpokergratis.it/, and show you how to correct them.
Anon.
A good friend - very, very dear friend - says it's 'cause I'm SO awesome, he was intimidated by me. Ha. I'll go with that.
But seriously, it's getting bad. SO - what should I do? Stop buying? Perhaps I should. Maybe I should do more outfit posts instead?
be submitted to both Organising Chairs by
"Oh. There You are..."
Tom Irons
Tributary by Lisa T. Bergren
He said he's going easy because he knows I was up with the bible study and how can he get too mad about something involving that?
like in a miyazaki movie i saw once.
Publisher: Pocket Books (April 24, 2012)
Happy Friday! Wow, did April fly by, or what? We are wrapping up National Poetry Month this week, and our inspiration image was chosen with Astronomy Week in mind.
basket full of candies + hungry pregnant woman = bad idea
And so, I hear you ask. What next?
And then I saw it:
As the sad irony of that statement sunk in I scanned down the page and was shocked at what I saw. His second to last tweet pierced me as chills cascaded along my back. The message read:
We also had some Montessori math items on our shelves this week.
And instead of using some tiny bit of will power and just having something light, I ended up sharing these plates of little "flautas" , dipping them into a bucket of delicious guacamole and washing them down with Margaritas.
Round three is the individual posing where each bodybuilder gets to pose for 60 seconds or longer to a piece of music of their choice. This rounds aims to give the bodybuilder a chance to display his or her physique the best possible way and to display their posing and presentation abilities before being cut to the final group of around five competitors.
Every dish I've ever had at Petrossian, I've fallen in love with, and end up dreaming of until the next time I am fortunate enough to re-encounter its perfection.
Blog Hop List:
The benchmark done by the people at Lifehacker has revealed that the performance of Windows 8 is faster. To test Windows 7 and Windows 8, the benchmark team assigned systems with equal computing power, they both had an over clocked 3.8 GHz i7 machine that had 6GB of RAM, the hard disk size was 2TB, an GeForce 9800 Nvidia GT graphics card and connected to the internet with a speed of 20Mbps.
Look at your blog feed. Do you see any you haven't read since 10 posts ago? Why do you subscribe to them?
Formed in 1992
Eric Bogosian (Talk Radio)
Chad Johnson
(COWPEA) * California Water Resources Control Board * California Welfare to Work Division * California Wetlands Information System * California Wildlife and Habitat Data Analysis Branch * California Wildlife Conservation Board * California Wildlife Programs Branch * California Work Opportunity and Responsibility to Kids (CalWORKs) * California Workers Compensation Appeals Board * California Workforce and Labor Development Agency * California Workforce Investment Board * California Youth Authority (CYA) * Central Valley Flood Protection Board * Center for California Studies * Colorado River Board of California * Counting California * Dental Board of California * Health Insurance Plan of California (PacAdvantage) * Humboldt State University * Jobs with the State of California * Judicial Council of California * Learn California * Library of California * Lieutenant Governors Commission for One California * Little Hoover Commission (on California State Government Organization and Economy) * Medical Board of California * Medi-Cal * Osteopathic Medical Board of California * Physical Therapy Board of California * Regents of the University of California * San Diego State University * San Francisco State University * San Jose State University * Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy * State Bar of California * Supreme Court of California * Teach California * University of California * University of California, Berkeley * University of California, Davis * University of California, Hastings College of the Law * University of California, Irvine * University of California, Los Angeles * University of California, Merced * University of California, Riverside * University of California, San Diego * University of California, San Francisco * University of California, Santa Barbara * University of California, Santa Cruz * Veterans Home of California
from the collection of Darling & Company!)
How to make :
Have a look :)
On to the fun part about Brew Day. I now have my brew system down pretty well. I still always make adjustments if needed for mash temperature or boiling time depending on my extract. But this time it was on another level. I had friends help me brew my last batch and of course I had them do the crappy job of emptying the mash tun. Well, they emptied everything including my copper manifold. It was my fault for not warning them or checking for the manifold after cleaning. I did not realize this until I was just about to mash in for this current batch. So what do I do now?
Robert Chin, 33, New York, N.Y.
because we know that Jesus lives.
MBR: I really don't. I love them all for different reasons. When I'm working on one, I think it's the most horrible thing ever, but then I fine tune it and begin to love it, and by the time it's done, I'm proud of it.
Josh Berk - The Dark Days of Hamburger Halpin
especially , the problems which happened in the past
Toss with a simple vinaigrette.
Who is in Funi and when did the band form?
An ice cream cone on a warm summer night from the van that plays a tune.
Ben told me that, even before he went to North Korea, he had started keeping a diary.
Anyway, shy of it or proud of it, the truth is that Indian Astrology is a conglomerate composite of classical global astrological culture mixed with its ancient original roots. No doubt, ancient Indian astrology was very highly developed, but again there is no doubt that it was quite unlike the sign-and-house based system Vedic astrologers and Jyotishis use so heavily today.
Joel made a interesting observation when he and I were chatting at breakfast the next morning. He commented that this was an easy transition as the trust has already been established and as well the knowledge of each other that takes so long when developing a friendship. We so easily slipped into comfortable talk and easy companionship.
"Yoga and "scandal" seem to walk hand-in-hand these days. It's a "union of opposites" that's growing more comfortable with time." - Stewart Lawrence, Huffington Post
Earwigs, wasps, stinging nettles and bee stings.
4. Being on the Kindle genre bestseller lists.
I experimented in the kitchen and came up with this very nice recreation of the earthy, yet delicate-tasting Dnipro salad, though it wasn't exactly the same. I shall have to return soon for another container of this mycological manna, but in the interim, this version makes an excellent treat for the table, slathered on some sturdy bread or eaten plain as a side dish.
Serve with tortilla chips.
The fabled Rover 218i is very slowly manoeuvred to the pump, making sure that the filler cap is on the correct side, this despite the fact that there is an available pump not 7 foot away and the hose will happily reach the other side of the car. The driver will then get out, peer myopically at the choice of diesel, diesel or unleaded, ponder which one he needs before selecting the appropriate juice.
Henna Black IPA
This was the first movie I saw after being out of the country for two years on a church mission and not seeing any movies at all during that time. The Excellent Adventure was such a strange, hilarious delight that I was giddy with anticipation at seeing the sequel. Unfortunately, Bogus Journey is an insipid, dull, and worst of all, unfunny movie. And I don't even have words to convey my revulsion for the ugly, ill-advised idea that is Station, the technologically savvy alien from heaven.
All is peaceful in the kingdom, until a rich and powerful westerner called the Collector plans to steal the Golden Dragon. He sends his agent to the Himalayas (on the same scary small plane as the Colds) to snatch the golden statue, and also the old king who can make the magic work. Nadia and Alex are soon caught up in the plot, and find their bravery and friendship tested to the limits as they help the prince rescue his father. Only when the Golden Dragon is returned will the kingdom be safe once more.
But for the Malays will political power in the hands of Pakatan necessarily equate to Ketuanan Melayu?
What am I going to feed this kid?
Professor : Flawed? Can you explain how?
Stamps: Make New Friends (retired Close To My Heart) Girl Power (retired Stampin' Up)
Second, he was tired of looking at it on the bathroom counter for 3 days and wanted to see how long it would take for us to notice. lol.
251Thy life a long, dead calm of fix'd repose;
230How glowing guilt exalts the keen delight!
Hope Not Hate
for on this moments sweet sweet sigh
Fortunately, I did have everything I needed for this recipe from Cook's Illustrated - well, mostly. I substituted frozen blueberries for fresh since there was only a handful left in my fridge. They worked perfectly - just dump them into a strainer, rinse until the water runs clear and dry on a paper towel-lined plate. These pancakes would be perfect for a lazy weekend morning - whipping them up is as easy as combining dry ingredients in one bowl, wet ingredients in another, and then mixing them both together. The pancakes are thick and fluffy with sweet pops of flavor in each bite from the blueberries. They definitely satisfied my craving, and added bonus - there were leftovers to stick in the freezer for another day!
But I'm doing pretty well considering. I'm only a couple of days behind. I still need to clean a room this week, clean out my medicine cabinet, and hang a piece of artwork. I stopped on the way home from work today (my first day in my own city this week!) and got some flowers.
A few weeks ago we decided to try our hand at growing mushrooms. We bought a mushroom kit from the local nursery and set it up in the garage where it is dark and cool. We have tried it in the past with no success, but this time, we have had excellent results, having already harvested 30 or more mushies, with plenty more to come.
Although he is perhaps best remembered for his New York cityscape views and theatrical compositions, his business was incredibly varied. He was apparently just as happy to visit Thomas Alva Edison's laboratory (above) as he was to stand in the street outside Lazarus Levy's clothing store on East Broadway (below).
White paint
But I caught the logo
4. Well, ok, I guess. I have a list of questions for you. Have you ever sold anything like mine?
This week's subject chosen by the beautiful gigi @ afterthoughts is GARDENS. Flower gardens, veggie gardens, butterfly gardens, rock gardens, any interpretation you have of the subject.
riveting
You gotta know that
Affliction deadens the pleasures of sense, and
From the Kentucky coal mines to the California sun,
hmmmm.. quite tough there coz it has been a while since i've been in touch with the science in normal life.
Many people are returning to work today after an extended break. Check to see if your employer is offering a donation match. Many larger organisations will match a donation made by staff, thereby doubling the potential amount of money you can help raise.
All up and down the Nile
Workshop Leader: Ron Donaldson, Knowledge Ecologist. Ron worked for English Nature for 21 years through a variety of Computing and Knowledge Management roles. He is a certified Cognitive Edge practitioner having used their narrative based methods for the last ten years. An experienced conference speaker, facilitator and trainer, he became an independent consultant last year and has recently become a trainer in TRIZ the Theory of Inventive Problem Solving.
Now add the chopped serrano, shallots, and cilantro. A pinch of turmeric is totally optional. As I said, I am flexible ! But with turmeric being lauded as a wonder spice, this is a good place to add some. So I say, add it!
Despite being 600 pages long, it is not bloated and there always seems to be something happening. The characters are richly illustrated and you can really get an insight into the harsh world that the Clan lives in. Auel takes pride in explain the surroudings and the Ice Age world that Ayla inhabits. There is so much to absorb here that you forgive the times when very little happens. The conflict itself drives the plot effortlessly and for this Auel should be commended.
Still, the plan was right. She nodded. "Jashi will be jumper." Kol's face fell, but she ignored him. "Barrit, I need you to watch the Stable Rods in case Van Raighan tries anything. He's only a Witness, but shout for Kol if he brings friends. Kol, you'll wait here until we've got the Hawk clear of the town." They couldn't just kill it until they'd at least made the attempt to drive it back to the Sherim.
2. I love to hold a book in my hands.
Note: if you bake the cookies for about 10 to 12 minutes they are more soft. As longer as you bake them as harder they will get. Do not bake them longer than 15 minutes. I like them harder and love to dip them into hot coffee or hot chocolate.
Since it was a nice day for once, they met in Cathedral Gardens. Molly was wearing tiny cut-offs and causing the boys on bikes to almost wheely straight into the side of the Urbis Centre. Jess sat down on the grass and Molly perched cross-legged next to her.
People's Mr. Brown (Imperial Brown Ale)
She enters my dream
Denise over at 2nd Grade Ponderings has great freebies! I just found her blog and I love the place value activity she currently has on her blog! She hasn't made a post in a while, but I can't wait to see what she comes up with next!
What did you think
Falling asleep to Shin Chan DVDs is pretty cool! ...until they affect your dreams. Had one dream where I met up with an old friend of the past and they talked exactly like Shin. Creepy.
While I am on the GBA subject I will quickly address Mother 1+2, this game would have made the most sense of any other Mother title. Mother and Earthbound had both already been localized and porting the games to GBA would have only taken weeks for a small TreeHouse team. Being released in 2003 alongside its Japanese counterpart would have been a smart decision and fairly low risk. Though the impending launch of the DS and a pricey marketing campaign would have still marred the localization process.
I pretty much chuck it all into a mixing bowl and combine then let sit for an hour or so. This is when I add whatever yummies I want to the mix.
The above photo was taken at the cutest-ever-1923 vintage-storybook-cottage-in South Pasadena anyone has ever seen-open-house! One thing though, I should have plucked an obligatory cupcake from the front because no one wanted to be the first. When I left the open house hours later I saw people eating cupcakes but the front still looked untouched. People were reaching around the back to take them off. So funny. :)
A Map of the Floating City is set against a dystopian vision of the 1940s that might have existed had WWII turned out a lot differently. Survivors explore a fictional Google map, forming tribes and trading relics amidst a bizarre sea-going barter society.
I think a lot of people probably just got sick of them as they've both been way overplayed on the radio. The trick to that for me is that I never listen to the radio really. I do crank some Sirius satellite radio but it's usually one of several stations so I'm always scanning.
In relation to the business side of things, I am in the process of getting my merchant account number so that I may take card payments at the fair in March. A heads up to anyone who may be interested in doing this in the future, it is not a quick process- in fact it takes about four weeks altogether. I also have my public liability insurance now, which you need to attend any markets or fairs. I have also written a press realease for W&A. Around 20 copies of this, will be handed in at the Business Design Centre in London at the start of the Fair for any journalists who may be interested.... fingers crossed.
At around 7.30pm on Tuesday, March 20, a Russian banker was gunned down outside his flat near Canary Wharf in London. German Gorbuntsov remains gravely ill in hospital having been shot three times in the stomach and once in the face.
16. All For The Love Of A Woman
You may have noticed I am not partial to food fads.
If you look at a seismic chart, it will look like a big line all of a sudden appearing, and then a smaller line afterwards.
Tony Stark/Iron man - Red guy with a brush:
I found it astonishing to see how much Gabriel had changed since the first book. He is a lot more expressive and feels things more deeply now. There's a scene in the END OF DAYS where Gabriel comes to the rescue in a sense and that tugged on my heart strings. His development has been extraordinary to watch, he has grown in strength from the first time we met him. I'm hoping for only good things to come for him.
release date: October 27, 1988 (Netherlands), January 25, 1991 (USA) and September 18, 2001 (Criterion Collection)
2/ Record funds (1.9 million) in the kitty to fight an election.
An apology should not be followed by the word "but". If you are sincerely apologizing, why do you have to defend it? If you are sincerely apologizing, why do you have to follow it with an excuse? If you are sincerely apologizing, you would just say "I'm sorry". period. nothing else to say. end of story.
And this is my 200th post. Hooray! My giveaway post will be up right after this. :)
The last few days I have had a heavy heart due to the low morale and political division in the USA right now. To this was added the self-confessed mass murder committed in Norway by the right-wing militant anti-multiculturalist Anders Behring Breivik. But rather than focus on the negative and the stupid, I decided to focus on something positive.
For yourself: Visit your favorite watering hole, order your favorite beer, and then order one for the person sitting next to you and wish them a happy holiday!
Here is another birthday card that will make you feel a queen for a day. I used the curly punch and did a bit of shadowing using the Baja Breeze c/s behind. I added the Itty Bitty Punch shape punch
As well as this Adam has been a blessing to several charities, has produced many films and music videos and leaves behind a beautiful wife and daughter.
What happened to the promises in front of God at St. Paul's Cathedral?
So the whole point of today's post is to talk about what I want to make for dinner tonight. I love how there are so many things you can do with chicken. I am going to attempt to make coconut chicken. Of course I found the recipe on Pinterest & none of the recipes have failed me yet so I am sure it will be yummy in my tummy. Chris & I are both suckers for coconut so I thought I would give it a try.
621510 Medical & diagnostic laboratories
B: I asked her her name, she said blah-blah-blah
Some 35,000 voters in the majority Serb north are being asked: "Do you accept the institutions of the so-called republic of Kosovo seated in Pristina?"
No family. 2 friends. Nothing else.
Lagunitas Brewing Company 2009 Correction Ale
The short answer is "Agenda 2010," a package of reforms laid out by the government of Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder. In the decade before these changes took effect, 5 million people were out of work (compared with fewer than 3 million now). Germany trailed everybody else in growth. It kept breaching the 3 percent deficit limit prescribed by the Stability and Growth Pact. The social-security system handed out more than it took in. So on 14 March, 2003, Schroeder went Churchill, delivering his own "blood, sweat, and tears" speech to the Bundestag. "We will have to cut benefits," he said. "We shall promote individual responsibility. And our guiding principle will be that we can only redistribute what we have earned."
As always, thank you again so much for reading my blog! I love giving you guys presents so I can do more than just say thank you!
BTW, some of the sites I'm following also do not show on my dashboard, if anyone knows how to fix this.
Schiffer Books
.nytro
Lemon & Rosemary Roast Chicken
The issue around Afrikaans was a handy stick which the communist propagandists used. They played with the lives and the future of the black students, and today there is a whole generation of blacks who never finished their schooling because they were being used as pawns by the communists. Go to any communist take-over in history and you will see that the one thing a communist regime does not tolerate, is educated people. That is the privilege of the elite.
So, instead: My Top 5 Recommended Books from My Childhood
A 3-hour historic walking tour of Bushwick is being offered on Saturdays May 5 and May 12 by John Dereszewski, who was district manager of Bushwick's community board during the 1970s.
SLOWLY add in powdered sugar and blend on MED speed for 2-3 minutes
The ISS crossing over my back garden, passing just over Saturn
Merry Christmas everyone.
When will urban or national infrastructure simply become another form of advertisement?
But enough about money already! What about the taste?
Alright, this is what made me think of posting again. I recently had this beer at lunch in a pretty nice restaurant in Houston, and thought I should start putting things down here again. I remember when this brewery just announced that it was opening, and I thought it was a stupid name. Still do. Like someone couldn't let go of the Renaissance Festival or something. Then I looked up the website, and their artwork is the same. A mix of Renaissance Fair and goth, with a little steam punk thrown in on one logo. Whatever it is, I don't like it.
crystal vase on a black piano,
In other news, I am discovering how hard it is to mix my paints to perfectly match the color wheel. I have no problem creating a tremendous variety of shades of the color I want, but not the exact color!
FELLOWS
There are other implications linked with employment and general mental health wellbeing. Women are suggested to report depression far more often than men and one of the explanations (of many, some of which are discussed in another post and more will be after this) is that women continue to work in a domestic sense once they return home from work and without a break, this has a catastrophic effect on mental wellbeing. If young people do not work between 18 and 21 they are much less likely to work in later life and are more likely to develop a number of psychological pathologies. People who do not feel challenged or gratified in their jobs, also have a much higher report rate for mood disorders such as depression.
Even if you only have a very casual interest in the art of the interwar years, I'd strongly recommend getting along to one of James Russell's talks. Recent venues have included London, Oxford and Bristol, so it's worth checking his blog to see where he's off to next.
Paul Smith - Guitar, vocals
We are sponsored by the Floopy Latte and the prize is a $10.00 voucher to spend in there online store.
-In the mean time,Boil water required for dough in another pan and take the flour in a wide bowl,add salt
Love that has replaced those negative qualities with a healing energy because the intent behind the food is love, pure and simple. Losing a parent is practically a Universal experience. If you haven't gone through it yet, most likely you will. So for those who have lost someone close whether it be a child, a parent, a spouse or other loved one we understand the paradigm of food is love.
I promised you irony, and here it is:
In this context, it is helpful to turn to the example of Saint Thomas More, who distinguished himself by his constant fidelity to legitimate authority and institutions precisely in his intention to serve not power but the supreme ideal of justice. His life teaches us that government is above all an exercise of virtue Unwavering in this rigorous moral stance, this English statesman placed his own public activity at the service of the person, especially if that person was weak or poor; he dealt with social controversies with a superb sense of fairness; he was vigorously committed to favouring and defending the family; he supported the all-round education of the young.
~ Mark 4:9
Discipline 2
Her matter of fact timbres hurt her tinny case
This video shews a woman who objects to Islam, and goes so far as to burn the Qu'ran. She selectively quotes passages which are abhorrent, but fails to mention that the Talmud could be used with the same result. Indeed the history of every major religion could be picked at to provide evidence of nastiness and inhuman practices. The eastern religions so beloved of Icke's disciples have as bloodthirsty a history as Islam, or Christianity, and of course, Judaism, with its offshoots of Marxism, Feminism, Liberalism, Capitalism etc can outdo all religions put together.
commercial centre of the state. The assailants stormed the residence of the three men who were believed to be Christian traders from southern Nigeria. Residents said they had lived in Potiskum for many years
Tonight Rylee had a "Creative Arts Fair" at school. Basically all the grades have their art work displayed throughout the school and family is invited to come admire the handiwork.
My dear friend, do not create undue stress for yourself by trying to tackle all of the classroom issues on your own. This is practice for you, do not tire yourself out for the 'big game' that is your impending career. I say this as a self-proclaimed intense person. Please remember that no matter how effective/polished/inefficient/slap-dash/strict/orderly/messy, (whatever!) your mentor teacher seems to you, he/she has found a way that works FOR THEM, and it has developed over a period of time. It does not have to work for you, take it with a grain of salt. Try to figure out what led him/her to his/her present methods. Why might it work/not work for you? A good house guest makes the bed after themselves and doesn't take the liberties a family member does...Be helpful, but remember you are NOT a student OR the teacher. It's a learning experience, be there in the moment for that purpose.
they seem to have some consistent characteristics. most of them have metal handles. their shape seems to be consistently oblong, although i've seen some that are square. their sizes vary, which leads me to believe they might be handmade, not factory made? the brown one on the top is my least favorite. it doesn't jive with the rest of them and seems too new. i think i will actually use that one for its intended purpose!
-receive the kit at the discounted price of $25
The yarn shop near my house recently had a retro pot holder swap and had the cutest cherry pie pot holder in the window. I had to make one for myself so I whipped this one up last night. Mine's more like a tart, it's going to be used to clean dishes.
my ideas for my sister's bridal shower.
I do praise Driscoll for highlighting and drawing attention to Yom Kippur: being buried away in the text of Leviticus, its shapes and colours are often overlooked by the general reader. Yet, by mishandling the text and applying the wrong metaphor, inaccuracies have resulted. we are left with misshapen fragments, stained the wrong hue, giving a misleading image of the character and the works of God in his dealings with his people.
2) Giving Caroline Benadryl before bedtime has the same effect as giving her an espresso chased by Red Bull. The spots are starting to fade, but everyone in this family will be taking an afternoon nap today.
The end to this story is that while they were up visiting this Mother for her 90th birthday, and giving her this amazing giftbook of pages from her entire family, she passed away shortly after.
Mommy (my favorite word of them all)
2. Press Along To The Big Corral
It's a simple fact: if you give someone a gift, you make that person happy. Whenever opportunity arises, that person will want to give a gift back.
"Whoops*!" I said.
The marinara was good quality store-bought.
Wash, stem and dry watercress, place in serving bowl.
One of the advantages of having an annual site is that you can pick any spot in the park to plunk down on. One of the advantages to doing lottery and driving the park is when a great spot opens up, you see it right away. Which was the case a few weeks ago. As I drove through the park, looking for empty sites, I saw something that shocked me. One of my favorite spots that had been occupied by an annual site member, was now opened up. I drove back to the office and asked for permission to move to it. Then I went home and asked Nathan if he was ok with moving to it. Normally I would do that in reverse, but I knew if I waited then the site would be gone!
Hermione Granger has come a long way from the tangle-haired Hogwarts freshman we once knew. The same goes for pretty Emma Watson, who plays Hermione in the Harry Potter movies, and who started out as a wide-eyed newcomer to the world of acting when she was first cast.
Yet, in the meantime I am just going to enjoy these reflections with a nice cup of hot mineral-rich tea.
Generations before you
But of course Qi (Book of the Baba Yaga) is no legal thriller. It's just a chance to share Sam's journey, and a thoroughly engaging, fully imagined, and often very funny "young adult" novel ... for all ages.
And the best part . . . the over 500 guests . . . all 'oooing' and 'ahhhhing' over all the dogs and raising money for such a great cause.
Prawns, 3 pcs
attempting records and increase the strength and stability. Overall
and would dig deep enough for what I needed.
All that I have in life and all that I hope to be is wrapped up in Christ alone. I am nothing without Him and I pray with all my heart that when the world looks at me, they see Jesus and His love for all. As the song reminds us "After all, this life's for YOU(Jesus) and not for me."
Most of all, I am going to remember that Daniel Morcombe's parents would give the world to have their son awake all night. They would absolutely love to be sent a note home, asking for late homework. They would do anything, to have pyjamas dropped on the floor; milk spilled on the bench; a fight between siblings to break up; to be late for school; to have to make lunch boxes at midnight; to find a forgotten, fruit-squished excursion notice in the bottom of a school bag; to endlessly pick up Duplo; to watch the Teletubbies for the 473rd time.
This went on for quite a few years. I left British Telecom (2001) and moved back to Wales for a short period, as My mother was Ill. Later that year my great friend Russ invited me to an interview for an Insurance sales role in Nottingham, England, and I got the Job. But still blinded by earning money and liking to party the cycle continued. Its strange how when you are in this cycle, you know its no good for you, You know your health is suffering as well as friendships, but you carry on. Please don't think these where all bad times, I met some brilliant people and have some very good memories.
Cattle
I CAN'T!!! It was my turn to shriek.
Not even a big one, but a medium sized, sassy red Fila backpack.
Sophie Griffin
TCM Night at the Movies: Merry Christmas! (2011) ... TCM ... 8 PM
2. Everyone wants to chew on the new toys until it is broken. Dogs love to play with new toys until they are un-stuffed and shredded. Just give a group of dogs a fuzzy stuffed toy and check back in a few weeks to see if you can find the parts of the stuffed toy. This is the same thing with social media tools. Today, Twitter is big. It is so popular that it fail whales frequently. Everyone wants to play with Twitter, and now we've broken it. Tweets have gone missing. Twitter search is a joke. While the Twitter toy has lasted a couple of years so far, how much longer under social media gets a new toy? Other examples of broken toys include the iphone. AT&T's network (especially in San Francisco and Austin) just can't support iphone users anymore. Looks like the HTC Evo 4G is the new toy.
Children targeted by bullies also tend to fit a particular profile. Bullies often choose children who are passive, easily intimidated, or have few friends. Victims may also be smaller or younger, and have a harder time defending themselves.
The Avengers is exactly the triumphant masterpiece crown jewel that Marvel and the fans were hoping for. It is the movie that could have been, but so rarely is. A brilliant achievement, utilizing the full scope and all the strengths of the genre. And, if we are lucky - Joss Whedon's ticket to a well funded TV show that won't get cancelled!
I read somewhere that a serious writer should write everyday. I do write everyday, but not on my story. I write different kinds of diaries, and in different languages. And some days, I write only a little.
I can prove it.
Bank of America spokesman Rick Simon declined to comment about the claims made by states and investors. BNY Mellon performed its duties as defined in the agreements governing the securitizations, spokesman Kevin Heine said.
As I write this, Peyton Manning is contemplating his future as a quarterback with the Tennessee Titans, the Arizona Cardinals, or the Denver Broncos. If you don't watch football, you probably don't know this, nor do you care. But I gotta say, we are mighty anxious Cardinal fans in the Mull household. And we are not alone. Fans of all three teams have to be on edge until the decision is announced. If I were a betting person, which, thankfully I'm not, I would put my money on Tennessee. (Although my wires, as Gary calls them, say he is coming to Phoenix. Oh, and those wires are dowsing rods. Bet you didn't know I had those, did you? Well, Gary asked me to use them to see what they would show. I still don't believe it. But by the time you read this, we may know if they are right or wrong.)
But every once in awhile, a funny thing happens. The planets align so that a snow day happens on a day off. You have a chance to enjoy the beauty of the snowflakes from the comfort of your easy chair while enjoying that first cup of coffee of the day. The world once again looks magical and it brings back memories of days gone by.... of sleds named Rosebud and the joy of childhood. And life is good.
Total 150 calories or 3 points
Prebius: Obama hates poor people -
Susan: You seem a little nervous. I promise this will be painless. You are a big part of Guilty Hearts and we'd like to get to know more about you. How old are you?
So, yeah, in summary, mostly happy child, very proud but very confused parent.
we are the future
What matters, what REALLY matters, is number of lives changed.
Usually, during a taste test, I take a good mouthful of the beer in front of me, gulp it down, and take another mouthful immediately afterwards. It's not massively scientific (as you can clearly see) but it's a pretty decent way of exposing the drink to as many regions of myself that might wish to offer-up some initial feedback. This is also usually a point where I stop drinking for a moment whilst I scribble some of that early feedback down.
they're almost edible.
Would you have thought that you could roast and caramelize cauliflower to enjoy like a meaty steak? I raised my eyebrow initially at the idea, but with half a dozen heads of fresh cauliflower from the garden, we were ready to take our weekend dinner path in a different direction. I am not advocating that you replace your juicy steak with cauliflower steaks. However, if you are looking for a fast, super fresh, absolutely delicious alternative...You have come to the right place.
And here it gets personal, because in summer 1984 as the expedition was returning from Georgia via Istanbul, a sunburnt young man called David, who happened to be my boyfriend and who had decided that the way to relax after three years of studying physics at London's Imperial College would be to back-pack solo around Turkey, had a certain encounter in an Istanbul post-office. I'll let him take up the tale:
These zebra print footless tights are thin so please for the love of all that is good and bright and clean, wear them with shorts, a skirt or some other kind of pants-like bottom wear. Because if you don't, you will be naked.
328 **3. "A closer look at the challenge and mystery of the Lord's Prayer." Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, April 27, 2000, pp. 14-15. (Sources: Item D-IV/12/1987, below, Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 700-19.)
Hope you fellow Konaddicts had a fantastic weekend! I did- it was wet, but fun.
VACUUM MAN - COURT MERRIGAN
i wanted to show another shot of the shirt's cute gathered detail in the back.
However, in my tradition neither of the two new covens are starting this way. It is simply time for both High Priestesses to move on. They both needed to be independent in order to continue to grow spiritually. There was sadness, but no animosity in their parting.
My real reason is that I love useful "For Cheap" things....
Please, bear with me. This is an unusual time in my life.
THIRD MINI CHALLENGE:
Today, at four months into her time on the planet, it was Aurora Rose's first encounter with solid food...
It hit me yesterday that school should start this week. So I cleaned out our homeschool cabinet (formerly the home of Mikasa's Palatial Platinum china) organized all the books and even created a fun new spot. The school supply shelf. Who knew that would be so great but it really made today go easier and gave a home to the school supply lists i half filled when i was struggling with this years doubts.
As I have written before, I started out my D&D career using the Basic D&D Boxed Set with the 1979 blue-covered rulebook written by J. Eric Holmes. I never owned nor read the 1981 Tom Moldvay version of that rulebook until quite recently, when I ordered a used copy from Noble Knight Games. Moldvay's edition is particularly welcoming, well-organized, and easy to follow. I can hardly imagine a better book with which to initiate a neophyte player or dungeon master into the ways of D&D. And if I were compiling an ideal "starter kit" with which to introduce someone to the Old Ways of B/X D&D,** I would likely include Moldvay's Basic D&D book in the box, along with his B4: The Lost City as the set's introductory module.
I can say basically the same thing about the Fresh Prince that I can say about SBTB, except that instead of a bunch of kids in a school, it was just young Will Smith getting himself into a whole bunch of shenanigans.
Billy Wilder, the great Austrian-American filmmaker won, I think, seven Academy Awards. He also had great movies in almost as many film genres, including film noir (Double Indemnity, Sunset Boulevard), war (Five Graves to Cairo, Stalag 17), comedy (Some Like it Hot, The Apartment) and more. In short, he was quite a "storyteller."
I try. And I have difficulty with it. But I haven't given up yet. That may pay off. If I can accept the good stuff and be prepared for it. Luckily, I don't have the compulsion to criticize others and expect them to live how I think I would live if I were they. Doesn't mean I don't observe, grade drivers as I travel and note those who cannot grasp what a true jam is.
Grapevine Issue 11 on Friday, July 28, 2006
Here are the close ups.
So when I first arrived in Seoul, pocket flush with cash and friends in tow, twenty somewhat years later, I could hardly contain my excitement. Rumors about this whole country (or two) that bared the same label as I did had been flooding my ears since I first arrived in America ten years ago. I had met people. They looked like me, with the same pale round faces, high cheek bones and strange hairlines that baffled the Chinese. I almost believed in the legends of a proud country existed full of Koreans then but I still had doubts. I wanted to see it all for myself.
find me
One day and night at a time I guess.
India suffered a two-point decline in 2011 because of a worrying attempt to extend content controls over the internet and the murder of a senior newspaper editor in Mumbai, among other problems. The score for Pakistan also declined by two points, as threats against the press from a variety of actors reached unprecedented levels.
This is adapted from WorldFoodieGuide (made with Method B, the so-called relatively more complicated method). It tasted great and texture wise, wobbly enough for my liking but properly set. It uses raw egg and instant mango jelly powder in place of gelatine and is very similar to my previous cheat's mango pudding. With a recipe provided from someone from Hong Kong, I had a hard time resisting trying it. Not sure about elsewhere, but here in Australia, when we say Yum Cha (directly translated from Cantonese to English as 'Drink Tea'), we really meant going to a Dim Sum place (usually owned by someone from Hong Kong) and have dim sum and mango pudding is always a must order item.
This is not about race. This is how Umno intends to win the 13th general election and the sooner we deal with it the better.
6th May 2011: Notification of Acceptance
Scot Meacham Wood - Obviously, I would want my work to be an important part of my legacy. But, I also hope that my clients truly enjoyed the process of transforming their home. That they felt heard. That they felt understood. And when they walk through their house, that they look around and smile.
Poverty in education can mean many things. It can mean a system in which getting into a certain school is more important than what one learns there. It can entail distraction from genuine learning, such as when someone in an elite school is too focused on networking to actually study. It can mean being taught by a well-known expert who is too self-absorbed to care whether his/her students understand him/her. It can mean being aligned with prevailing biases, so that one rarely encounters worthy opposing views, and learns to discount them unthinkingly. It can mean an assumption that one must be valuable merely because one knows how to sound good and look good. In short, poverty in education probably tends to mean being adapted to a culture, rich or poor, that very frequently values other things over actual learning.
They were ordered through Franklin Mint I had to wait 2 months before receiving the next one.
It is full of quotations from one of the main documents of Vatican II and was written by a man who was at Vatican II, helped implement Vatican II and spent his life standing up to tyranny and despotic governments
listen in kindness to our prayers
How about Janine's sketch? Wasn't it great?!
Oh, I crack myself up, making up my own blog carnivals for the 20 people out there who occasionally look at my blog :) And on top of it, I'm sure someone else has already come up with Tasty Tuesday ...
In a Fee-For Service Plan, also called an indemnity plan, the insurance company pays for each service you receive. Most FFS plans have a deductible that must be met before coverage kicks in which can be significant depending on the plan.
I hope you can set aside some time to play along with our VCM blog hop, and use some of those items you've been hoarding to make cards for our heroes. Just add your creation to the linky tool below so we can all enjoy your cards too! Be sure to check back to the Stars and Stamps blog at 4PM for the next challenge.
I reached out and grabbed her from my Midwifes arms and we both started crying.
Credit must go to the puppeteers and effects team, as the "Baby" is weird but well-done, and the gore effects are heavy and designed for maximum gross-out effect. Take the scene where "Baby" masturbates (with his umbilical cord) to a diarrhea chugging video. Great atmospheres here, too, harkening back to the prime 70s-era of seedy urban grindhouse cinema. A fun and memorably humorous horror shocker here. (R Squared Films)
the most important a new user-interface or UI.
Nishikado (an ode to Toshihiro Nishikado, who invented Space Invaders in 1978!) is a real highlight of the bands live shows. Originally released on the bands debut album 'Thunderer and Excelsior', thise version is a brand new mix. And if that's not good enough, there's three new tracks on this EP... Identity, Murder Holes and Public Purse.
An overfamiliar embrace
Two were not cohesive and had no order or sense of timing, one was and did.
There is much, more more. Our textbooks are purposely being written to give a false, benign picture of Islam.
SHRIMP AND POTATO-TOPPED SPINACH TOSTADOS
Brodie glanced at Mary as he headed towards the bedroom at the rear of the house. She looking at a spot in the wall that should have a window, her hand absently caressing her belly.
A: Yes. But it is DRM-free, so it can be easily ported to any format.
Down one of the corridors stood a beautiful woman, sheltering some children. I knew her. In a world of sepia-toned shadows, her face glowed brilliantly with calm and sweetness. She had long curly hair down to her shoulders.
Given the unbelievably striking flowers, the actual scientific name probably doesn't matter much to most of us. One of the great things about living in Florida is that we can plant our amaryllis/hippeastrum bulbs outdoors and allow them to multiply. And multiply they will - all of our bulbs came from the garden of a friend, where a dozen plants have turned into hundreds over the years.
I have no doubt that we will be successful in harnessing the sun's energy.... If sunbeams were weapons of war, we would have had solar energy centuries ago. ~Sir George Porter, quoted in The Observer, 26 August 1973
Touche, Mr. Mikkel Bjergso. You have won this round. The brew name speaks for itself. Your fine ale beats most of the imperial IPAs i've had enjoyed to date from some of the best craft brewers in the states. I will continue to seek out your creations for further analysis.
Status: Excellent Condition with an owner sensitive to the architecture
That came unexpectedly. I was expecting a no but he said yes.
6. Developing A Sobriety Centered Value System
Perhaps it was the relief of walking into the basement in the midsummer, when there was an exact point between overly hot and bearably cool. And as such, everybody found a sleeping place in the underground, where you could actually sleep without sweating buckets.
Contact: Melinda Grimsley-Smith, (270) 745-5043.
"The anti-austerity movement seems content to seek only a defence of the concessions won by older generations, rather than using the economic crisis and a renewed interest in radical ideas as a means to agitate and fight for a fundamentally different society." There is a problem here. I take this to mean those in unionised work, as opposed to the "economic sectors that are unorganised and casualised, or soon to be unorganised and casualised" referred to elsewhere. And a large proportion of organised workers do exist in the state sector. But why set up such a distinction? After all, people who work in all sectors and none depend on workers in the state sector - to heal them when they are ill, to look after and teach their children etc.
There was a little bit of rawness on the very top of his leg, but by the evening this had now scabbed up. So far, it is looking nice and clean and I noticed that the swelling has gone down. If you look at the previous pictures and compare it with the one below, you can see the difference.
Got quite a bit accomplished yesterday in the sewing department. Will be finishing up a small wall hanging today, I hope. I still have a lot to do as far as finishing ufo's but my goal is to get them done this year, even if I start new projects. I have one large quilt to finish. Once I get the back put together I'll take it to the lady who does the long-arm quilting. I'm not in any hurry, but I do want to get it done this year.
Sex appeal: Medium, though Connie Stevens (above) does her best.
who insisted on one - and one for free.
Because He is Love.
Cake is one thing that is on the do not eat list for the next few weeks.
Yo La Tengo - I Can Hear The Heart Beating As One - 1997
We all had such a great time and I really appreciate everyone's comments on my last post! The weekend went off without a hitch and my parents were totally overwhelmed and surprised by our plans. It really could not have been any better.
Harris, Martin: A sober, upstanding citizen whose testimony is powerful evidence of the existence of the golden plates. Also known for having a conversation with Jesus, who appeared in the form of a deer.
Side view of my desk
meet my friend, rebeca:
Third, it demonstrated, yet again, how we can connect now - finding new ideas and people, creating new conversations, learning and sharing.
Yes. I know. First the iron, now this. I should see a therapist. Seriously though, Oh My God, my life has been changed by a microplane grater. This one in fact. I bought it with my Christmas money (thankyou Granny!) expecting it to be somewhat easier than zesting citrus fruit with the small holes on a cheese grater, but I was not prepared for how utterly perfect and simple it was. I want to put zest in EVERYTHING now.
Expect a full review on this 'final' chapter when the movie comes out.
If either of these two propositions sounds a bit far-fetched, then if you have tried to learn a language other than your primary language, it doesn't seem so far fetched at all. I was taught how to pronounce Italian - it's pretty regular with strong correspondence between letters and sounds. So, give me a page of Italian, I can read it out loud. I can decode it. What I can't do,. though is understand it.
Be a big sister
Teenagers are not adults. Neither are they children. Teenagers need to be taught how to be adults and to handle responsibility. Not full adults, but an intermediate step, Apprentice Adult.
The implication of this, assuming that the above speculations are true, is that a woman could conceive children throughout her entire life, by using a strategy that allows the SSF to always be activate.
-Three-ring binder
but I could hardly believe it when he pulled straight back out behind me!
The colorless blender does not work the same on glossy paper as it does on regular cardstock. Look at my comparison here between glossy and regular paper. I strongly suggest that you compare the two for yourself side-by-side to see the subtlties, since my scanner makes the glossy look better than it does in real life.
Hackles had been raised in every quarter. All sorts of unexpected antagonisms and surprising loyalties were bubbling menacingly to the surface of the apparently calm and uneventful waters of village life. There was nothing for it. An impromptu public meeting needed to be called.
It's Sunday & the "cold victims" are on the rise....
The growth of online business directories have led to the subsequent growth of export and import business in India. The import export trade leads have proved to be advantageous as it is one of the most economical advertising processes. There are a number of online business portals that provide free opportunities to post trade leads. This has proved to be a tremendous opportunity to the small scale industries to gain maximum exposure in the international markets. The Indian handicraft sectors and various cottage industries have gained global exposure with the help of online business portals.
Fun Fact: I believe it was this weekend last year when I stumbled upon teacher blogs. !!! Now I can't live without them! It is a constant in my life. Thank you blog friends! I have a freebie for you at the end of this post!
Yesterday we spent the day running, walking, biking and just hanging out. Emilee had to work at the North 51 Grill last night so we went there for dinner. I had shrimp tacos, DH had chicken strips (from scratch) and we split wings and fries with another of Em's friends James. He is a riot...and we really enjoyed him and his humor. We went home around 9:30 and Emilee got home at 11:30. It makes for a long day today for her but she is enjoying being back at the 51 Sunday and Monday nights. $$$$
He said on one occasion he was forced wait several hours before a doctor insisted there was no swelling.
At the parts department, I spoke to a shaggy, long haired gentleman of about 40 years of age and requested to pick up the anti-freeze which they had promised to hold for me when I had called earlier that morning. Returning from the back stock room with my item, I could not help but notice that the other gentleman sitting behind the counter at a computer terminal had his eyes locked on me. Like a deer caught in the headlights, he seemed to have scanned me in the same way that the women would always do and most men not....The difference I always find with the men is in that they DON'T give back that same smile that I get from the women. With the women, the smile is like "OK, you're in the club with us and we won't tell anyone about your little secret". With the men, the look is like that which one sees in Science Fiction Sitcoms like "Star Trek" in the 1960's. It's like those scenes where an android humanoid with a computer brain is given some paradoxical situation that it's circuitry cannot resolve. This is usually the point where one then detects smoke coming out of either ear and they proclaim in a rapid secession, "Does not compute.... This does not compute".... and they usually implode or blow up into a million pieces.
573-447-5179
Despite the attentions of most of the popular girls in school, including the icily beautiful Shelley Aryanski, my heart would be set on Naomi, the awkward art student whom I knew would be a stone-cold fox if only she'd take off those thick-rimmed glasses of hers. I'd capture her fragile heart by playing Damien Rice songs on a ukulele and pretending I'd written them. With the new strength she found in me she'd overcome her bulimia and her sculpture would really flourish.
I confess that I convince myself to buy junk food at the store to use as treats for my daughter, only to hide them and then eat them myself once the kids are in bed. Along the same lines, I confess that giving my son vanilla wafers to "play" with during mealtimes should be a crime, since they always end up getting smashed and broken. Each time I vacuum up pieces of vanilla wafer, a small part of me dies inside.
Fill a shaker halfway with ice. Place Tequila, Triple Sec, blue Curacao, and
Maybe next time? I would sure love to see some more sparkly and shimmery nailpolishes from Catrice.
Happy Fall! Dee2
If this works I'll make it a feature.
1 tablespoon dried rosemary
Fennel seeds:1/2 tsp
remembered forever. It involves the
Creek: For approximately the first half-mile, the trail follows Reedy Fork closely through a broad bottomland, filled with towering hardwoods. The creek, which is 15- to 20-feet in width, is one of the most substantial creeks in the Greensboro area.
"A Dressing Room"
03 - Gator Country 07:38
falls of slurry
I pretty much loved this book! Don't get me wrong it has its absolutely horrifying moments, but it is still an amazing story.
Before I donned my majestic Teacher Cape, I had no idea what the phrase "language arts" meant. I mean, what a term straight from academia! Back in the good ol' days, when ink wells and slates were the norm, it was simply called "reading and writing." Nice and straight; nice and forward.
Extra Work (Helen)
I used the pink silk ribbon to hold the flower pot together, and just tied it in a not. The card on the inside is 4.5"x 2.5". The greenery is the only Cricut cut; cut from the Strait from the Nest cart. The leaves on the bottom of the flower pot, I cut from the top branches to thin them out a bit.
My blog has been read 10,000 times, I can't believe that!
Foundation is everything. Here is where many folks don't even realize just what it is the horse needs for a complete foundation. I have never known a horse that Tom has trained give it's owner a dangerous time. I have seen him work at things that no ordinary person or trainer would think of doing with a horse. What is added (in the way of another layer) will give the horse a sense of security, a sense of purpose, a sense that he can satisfy the human, a developed habit to willingly obey, a complete job description (if you will) in how to act around humans. The horse is taught how to reply to discipline. The horse is given a "peace zone" where they have a reference place to go when things become scary or overwhelming for them. If things go really bad, the horse knows to override the instinct to run and stands instead. I like that layer! I have been in a place where I made a bad decision and instead of my horse blowing up to run and get us both hurt, he simply stayed in place until I could extricate us from my driver error that caused a turnover. Many layers are added with a "soaking in" period in between. There is no recipe he follows...it is the individual horse that determines how to proceed and what is needed and taught.
Then you have to let the Viva dry/cure, I let mine sit for a few days. Make sure to have them lay flat to dry.
Joe Varley
bird-heartedly fragile but beautiful,
What would you have done?
"As long as Komphela is making racist statements and threatening white sports, democracy is safe," said political analyst Sparletta Mahlangu.
Send your entries in before Friday 9th and the winner will be announced shortly after. Submissions information can be found here
2) List 7 things about yourself
So very, very sorry.
Is That a Gun in Your Pocket?
I found this little pink photo album for a baby's christening. My son just had a reversal on his vasectomy, and hoping to have a baby with his new wife. I told him I supported them as long as they had me a baby girl!! LOL.
Whole grains, vegetables, fruits, and legumes contain no cholesterol and are low in fat, especially saturated fats. They are also high in fiber and other nutrients. Vegans say there are several plant based foods that are good sources of protein, such as beans, peanuts, and soya."
I heard Dave say, "It's a boy"!
(There are many other versions available online. Lanza is nothing if not eager to communicate his ideas.)
For the girls, I used the 4th grade text as my outline for the year. I went through the course plans and picked out the main topic week by week, and used it to write up a general outline of subjects to study with the littles. I have enough odds and ends of science-y books that mostly I can work out of the home library to find some read alouds on the topic of the week.
catches her as she falls.
Aja & Jack Simon (my silent partner Nena / Mom is in the photo with Mr. Jack)
The lights went out
Tomorrow's forecast is snow, after two gloriously warm days. Knowing this, I got out for a walk early. Not much color here in our neck of the world, but I did notice my crocuses were struggling to bloom this morning.
Read More FC&S Blog Posts at the Coverage Cafe!
Notable Info: Prequel of Lobo
And something similar happened in the 19th century. England was at that time enormously influential and powerful so whatever was characteristically English came in for great scrutiny, not the least in England itself. What was it that made England great? And as I have set out at great length above, the English themselves had for centuries seen their liberties as a great national treasure. English liberty was a byword and its virtue was unquestionable. So again Leftists did the sort of thing that they always do. They became great champions of liberty. They supported laissez faire in business and writers such as J.S. Mill pushed ideas of liberty to just about their logical extreme. Conservatives, of course stuck with the ideas of extensive but not unlimited liberty that had been normal up until that time. That the "liberals" of that time really were just Leftists can perhaps most clearly be seen in the case of Mill himself. As I have set out briefly here and here the actual policies Mill advocated in parliament were often quite socialist and interventionist. If he could get acclaim for himself by advocating various government interventions in people's lives, all his pro-liberty principles suddenly vanished, just as eugenics suddenly vanished from the Leftist vocabulary after Hitler.
Deschutes Brewery Black Butte XXI
To the end of the end
So at full-moon they come to Erasmus,
Aroma/Bouquet (0-4): I could smell the hops when i opened the bottle. Full of Citrus aroma. Delicious! 4 points
father's boxers
she would travel the US and Canada in an RV. She didn't really
I am starting a new series on the blog, "Blogger's Home Tours", where you will be treated to a lovely tour of your fellow blogger's homes. Don't you just love home tours?! It's so fascinating and fun to see how other people decorate, not to mention all the amazing ideas and inspiration that you can get from other people's homes.
Turn your handle through to the right side, but make sure to keep hold of the unstitched end of your elastic. Pin your elastic to the open end of your handle. proceed as before and insert the handle in your prefered position.
Between Kevin finishing finals and me trying to finish Mad Men on Netflix, we haven't had time to cook at home lately. I've been looking for any excuse to celebrate and eat out, so this is my "You just finished your third-to-last class ever!" outfit.
We all have tough days. You know... those days when multiple issues hit you all at once and cause a storm of stress, aggravation and yes.. maybe even anger. Well yesterday was one of those days for me.
Dr. Moore took off the red cap of glass from the machine, exposing the five anodes arranged in an arc, each pointing toward a central point in the lower body of the aluminum casing. Opposite each anode was a beautifully coiled tungsten wire cathode from which electrons were discharged at the anode. All these anodes were so leveled and arranged that all the angles of incidence in reflecting the bombardment of electrons focused at one narrowing slit -- a sort of rectangular funnel pointing straight downward toward the quartz plate at the bottom where the rod-like ray of cold light was focused.
I was pleased too, to read in WB a couple of progressive motions to the AGM from two of our more aware NE members. Motions 15 and 16 both refer to craft keg beer and are welcome, but whether they will pass muster at the AGM is open to question. I won't be there sadly, as Torquay just doesn't fit in with my plans, but I regard these two motions, particularly motion 15, as a stepping stone to next year, pass or fail. I will be there next year and there will be more motions. I have a year to think and plan, as I believe we are approaching a critical period in CAMRA's relevance and that certain nettles must be grasped.
SD: Traveling would have to top my list...I love experiencing new countries, new cities, new architecture, new artforms, new foods and smells...it's an intoxicating, wonderful experience.
Salina KS
Alas, by this stage, I had recognised that as well as costing me extra money for a container, my take away beer idea was also based on me trying another, and then carting the beer to the supermarket (Sheffield Tap don't sell potatoes and mushrooms; come on lads, make an effort). So I tore myself disappointedly away from the cavalcade of beer and promised myself I would get back tomorrow (which is today, and I haven't).
They say that you are your own teacher, and that is true; We learn depending on our own approach and understanding.
The second reason the poor don't matter very much in the yawning gaps between elections is that they don't have much money, don't throw great parties and can't chuck the juicy bone of a tender deal to hungry politicians. Julius (Kiddie Amin) Malema may talk about improving the lot of the poor and nationalising the mines so that ordinary South Africans can share in all that wealth underground but we all know this is nothing but political bullshit. Anyway, when has a nationalised industry ever benefited the people (with the exception of oil in Norway)? They usually end up costing the taxpayer a fortune and the reason for that is very simple; politicians don't make good businessmen. No, like most politicians the world over, Julius and his mates want to hang out with the sort of people who can settle the bill for all that Johnnie Blue at the end of the evening. So why waste time on the poor?
4) No Man's Land (1987)
At five in the afternoon the curtains close, the floor has been swept, the potatoes are boiling and it will be time for everyone to come home!
Maybe outside there's
So back when I was dating Da Man, who would later become Da husband, we went out with a bunch of friends to a bar/nightclub. Da Man took his usual position by the bar while my girlfriends and I took to the dance floor. As I was dancing, a man walked by and grabbed my arm and copped a cheap feel of my left breast. Now I'm not what you call a particularly well endowed type of girl. And I'm pretty sure my left side is actually smaller than my right. So it isn't that easy to accidentally feel me up. If a guy wants to cop a feel, there needs to be some intent, if you know what I mean. So the raging feminist in me lost her mind and in crazy, self-righteous anger, began to punch the guy as hard as she could, and as many times as she could, knocking him down, and making him let go of her. Da Man reckons I hit that guy at least 10 times before he hit the ground.
For never do prayers go unanswered,
I have noticed it's causing me to think about things a lot more, making me focus my thoughts and try and wrestle them into some sort of cohesive and presentable shape. I still don't know what sort of poet I am (if you ever actually know) so I'm just throwing everything at it. It's a boon when something happens to you during the day as it gives you something to grab onto, but I do enjoy just sitting down and writing till something appears. It also means I'm actually committing to something and so far have managed to sit down and write something everyday. I wrote my first drunk poem the other night and even though it's pretty poor, I'm rather proud I did it. I wish now I'd left in all the spelling mistakes and mis-typed wobbly bits.
I've not posted anything lately. It just means I've been having fun brewing and drinking the beer instead of writing about it. I did get to attend the National Homebrewer's Conference in Oakland. Many good beers, lots of things learned. I think the most worthwhile one for me was a session on cleaning and sanitizing. It's a subject that I needed to learn more about.
The ugly truth is it's the spineless parents who parade their undisciplined children around like royalty that make people dislike kids.I think the truth is even uglier: It's the parents who expect their children to behave perfectly all the time who raise people like Granderson, who apparently can't stand children. I think that deep down inside any adult who hates children must be a child who was raised to hate himself.
i thought painting the two end chairs was going to be a quick and easy project.
Al was in een toale die 'k nie en verstond
2010.08.21 Afghanistan Paktika 8 5 Eight Afghans are murdered by Taliban bombers in two attacks.
33. Electrical and mechanical malfunctions: When you are around, lightbulbs flicker, the computer locks up, or the radio goes haywire. Advice: Call on your angels, guides, or Grace Elohim to fix it or put up a field of protection of light around the machine. Surround your car with bluelight. Laugh.
This is how Mussolini described early Fascist meetings. Modern-day Leftist agitators too seem more interested in slogans than in any form of rational debate.
then we met her dad for dinner,
Total Acquisitions 111.4
In 1958, on the initiative of Cyril Florenski, the Director of the Committee, the most important expedition ever undertaken in the Tunguska is mounted.
And Eden. She is the most loved,spoilt little bean.
But your painful spasms
Monday, I went to get Adrienne, Russ went to the doctor. They gave him some antibiotics and sent him home to rest for 48 hours. He looked awful and I'm sure felt much worse. He didn't sleep at all that night. Nice anniversary for us.
The Levee's changed the original 3 bedroom format to include two large bedrooms, one with large his/her closets and a bathroom that although awkward in its layout, was much larger than other bathrooms of the day. A smaller, L-shaped room which is now my home office served as Mr. Levee's office, and a 4x4 room that Scott commandeered as his shoe and coat closet when we moved into the house, was Mrs. Levee's sewing room.
The story is about her chasing after an arsonist. Can I say more? Well it has darker undertones and here we learn so much more about this world. Demons, ancient mythology, dragons. It's really interesting and we also learn more about Anya. As she does not know much about her gifts, or curse.
But last week... Well!!! The weather was spectacular! It was hothothot and blazingly sunny. I think we hit 33C one day and the rest were pretty close to that. The sky was clear for the most part, with only the odd fluffy cloud passing by.
iridescent geometry
18. That's All Right
If the answer to any of these questions is 'yes' then YOUR PLACE IS ON THE SIDE OF THE FUCKING ROAD. STAY OUT OF THE TRAFFIC LANES.
It doesn't matter what you've heard
This is one I received to work on~ last night I started. And I can't show it. :-( Don't worry, next September I'll have loads of photo's for you! :-)
to see him at the same time, and after fighting with eachother
Eh? Eh? All right, so my research wasn't exactly spot-on that time, and I ended up writing to the web developer and not the marketer. Still, the message is in the pipline now, and if any Shake Weights do come our way, we'll ship one out to Bill's Bayou ASAP.
3. University has started back up
For kachinas to be used in a children's book in this way is, in a word, shameful. Their use in this book is evidence that we have a long way to go in helping mainstream America understand who we are.
First, let's talk about "fear." I know the word is being used in a somewhat casual sense here but for me at that school there was a more significant depth to that word than "I'm afraid it might rain." More like "I'm afraid to hold this grenade with the pin out when the spoon looks like it might not be completely engaged."
Two more old cottages to add to my accordion book. I seem to have made the 2nd one rather crooked, blame my odd eyes and the arthritis.
Pushing shoving making pace
Additionally, the health benefits of broccoli have been linked to preventing and controlling the following medical concerns: Alzheimer's disease, diabetes, calcium deficiencies, stomach and colon cancer, malignant tumors, lung cancer, heart disease, arthritis, and even the aging process.
7. Cecil bruner and iris in bloom and other flowers in the garden!
In the end Garrow's story will be like those of other religious "prophets" to whom God has supposedly spoken: Outsiders will be able to point out inconsistencies, attack the veracity of the details, and question the validity of the events recounted. But believers in Jim's story will discount such problems, and insist that since such issues can't be totally disproved, they could be true. Thus, Garrow's story will be viewed as "a story told from a dream" by those who see it skeptically, but as the work of God by those who share Garrow's faith in "saving" children from China.
Yield : 10 rolls
I haven't shared any of these for awhile. This batch of stories is from waaay back at the beginning of the school year. We've become quite a bit more sophisticated since then. If you want to learn about our storytelling process, click here.
If you can visualize the spaces these two are operating in, you would know that their heads at one point in the video are only separated by about the six inches---the depth of the large vertical box. Though their heads are close, they are operating on two different levels. The boy kneeling is basically operating on the floor. The other boy is scooping from the table into the large hole of the box. They might as well be playing totally separate spaces. But wait. What you may not be able to visualize is that the boy scooping the pellets from the table and pouring them in the larger box is supplying the child who is kneeling with more pellets. In other words, one child is operating on the pellets and wondering where are they going, while the other one is counting on a continual supply of pellets. So they are connected even though they do not know it. It doesn't show in this video, but at times the children figured that out. That, in turn, changes the nature of the play and the nature of the communication between children. Pretty interesting, no?
And on Sunday, I had a nice luncheon with a friend who was visiting from the UK, and as soon as I got home, it was raining cats and dogs. Zeus was probably having one of its tantrums, as the sound of the thunder was soo strong that I had to unplug my modem, just in case. The last thing I need is a blown modem.
Me - "So, what do you think?"
Location: Home in Rancho Penaquistos
This batch has the chocolate added 5 minutes before flameout. Since I expect some loss due to the chocolate settling out, I put in 3/4 bar of 82% Scharfenberger and 3/4 bar of 41% Scharfenberger. With the chocolate in the wort already, it meant that all the equipment got an extra good cleaning to clear all the oils that stuck to everything. I skimmed the top of the wort before putting the beer into the primary, hoping to rid myself of more oils. This is still in primary almost two weeks later. There seems to be a foam at the top. It may be that more oils have gone to the top. I'll rack it by two weeks and a day regardless.
Do I have any readers in beta already with a priest copied over? Has this hit as a live spell in the beta? Is it cool?
On January 3, I called our pediatrician's office to ask about Annie's sudden weight loss and extreme thirst, symptoms we'd noticed for the previous couple weeks. With the New Year's holiday long weekend, it was my first chance to call after realizing just how severe her symptoms were. I was told to take her right in for a blood test, and that's when we got her Juvenile Diabetes diagnosis. I first wrote about that here. Since Annie's diagnosis, our time has been filled with doctor's appointments and educating ourselves about this disease. But in the four months since she was diagnosed, Annie did finally get to make her first Beads of Courage bag. Her grandma came over and the two of them spent an afternoon figuring out the pattern and making one finished bag. Annie was so excited to finally make it! She plans on making more.
Love Laura x
Tangible tokens
In my family, if you needed a cook, caterer, party planner, babysitter, pediatrician, guidance counselor, conflict resolution specialist, teacher, nurse, seamstress, chauffeur, pet sitter, vet, wildlife rehabilitator, horticulturist, or historian, you just called Mam-Maw. She was busy. But she always had time to laugh at your horrible comedy routine, and no matter how full her hands were, she always applauded vigorously at your dance recital. She would exclaim with pride over your drawings, even if they were merely scribbles to everyone else. Most of all, she believed in your dreams, and she taught you to believe in them. If you needed a hug, a hand to hold, a pat on the back, a shoulder to cry on, an encouraging word, or a kick in the behind, Mam-Maw provided it. The phrase "all things to all people" was made for her.
Next week, however, we're going to make our first attempt at homemade ham, and will possibly have that ham for our Easter dinner. I'll let you know.
14. C'mon People - Kraak & Smaak / 5:00
This of course, aside from being absolutely ridiculous, gives the sofa company an enormous amount of free PR.
The scriptures were amazing to me, better than any other books because they contained world after world after world with no clear dividing lines. During sacrament meetings, I would stare at the maps and move from place to place and era to era in them, or else flip through the verses looking for scraggly-thin, intense, long-bearded prophets like Elijah and Abinadi (who were so caught up in God they didn't seem to experience ordinary fear) and for clever, long-sighted women like Rebekah and Abigail who could feel what was coming and change it with their words.
There is also FVC % predicted, and FEV1 % predicted which is calculated by a formula based on things like sex, age, height, and weight. So when I get 83% FEV1, that means I blew out 83% of how much air a person with my sex, age, height, and weight SHOULD be able to exhale.
Never had to beg for love or words, and never had to steal.
Mercadona is in the middle of a public relations disaster after the deaths of several dogs in the Costa Blanca were linked to their own brand pet food.
Now here is a little challenge for the lying old git:
ALL PROCEEDS FROM THE SALE OF THE BOOK WILL BE DONATED TO CANCER RESEARCH UK, AND THE BREAST CANCER CHARITIES OF AMERICA.
Over my 50 years of competing, relationships are established with runners, like Ron McAndrew who I first competed against in 1968. Relationships often established actually during the race itself. Not a conversation as you might have when training of course but a bit of race banter and then the inevitable after race post mortem.
Any thoughts? Ideas? Suggestions?
OK, the blog candy for today, yesterday and the day before lol !!! Yeah , three blog candys today..... we have one set each, of all three new paper collections up for grabs, how great is that, three chances in one ! And there are still more goodies to come over the next few days :)
happen in the studio," she says. "But then a lot of the times
The past couple of days we tackled the respiratory system. It was a bit of a challenge to get Boo excited to learn about lungs... honestly, how many four year olds are excited to learn about lungs! And although she was convinced our lung activities would be boring, we ended up having a pretty good time. And I think we actually learned a few things along the way!!!
they landed on my tongue
which you cannot answer.
For the curious: Emma is anticipating just-good-friend Dexter's suggestion after they've just discovered the French beach they're lazing on is a nudist one.
The perinatologist spent over an hour going over every little bit of the baby, measuring and checking everything that could be measured and checked.
I have a small giveaway for those of you who are interested: I love Sassy by Sandy Gervais for Moda and have more than one charm pack (confession time!) so I'm offering one to you along with a couple of patterns, Quilt Jam by Marcie at Patchalot Patterns (love her stuff!) and Quilted Postcards by Scrap-bags. Oh and a lanyard for your scissors that says "To Quilt is Human, To Finish Divine." Don't you love that! Just leave a comment and I'll draw a name on Monday.
Who knows where it's goin'
And thanks for stickin' around for this majorly long post! Happy St. Paddy's Day!!!!!
In a microwave safe bowl, add marshmallows and water. Microwave for 1min 30sec, the marshmallows wont all look melted, but once you stir them around, you'll see they are.
Jonathan on holding on with this job until something else
basking in the moment
Luckily, zombies are highly combustible.
SIGNING THIS PETITION
This wasn't the only thing that got my ire up yesterday, amazingly enough. My Queens synagogue listserv is currently abuzz with back-and-forth tussling over GOP (and Tea Party-leaning) candidate Bob Turner winning former representative Anthony Weiner's congressional seat. This got me angry at three different things right off: former rep. Weiner, then the orthodox and ultra-orthodox Jewish constituents of the district who happily got used by the NY Republicans to supposedly send a message to Obama that he isn't taking Israel seriously enough, nor is he taking enough of a stand against same-sex marriage (which only further proves that getting out the vote is very important to ensure that you are, indeed, spoken for by you), topped by the milquetoast Democratic Party for being such wusses in this whole thing. Obama not being supportive enough of Israel? Spare me. Not enough support from the POTUS against same-sex marriage? Clear case of fear being greater than good sense. Kvetch, kvetch, kvetch. Moan, moan, moan.
Levon
First, the organizers tried to cover everything under the sun as long as it's breast cancer. So most people here have very little to do with your particular domain. The natural affinities are stretched very thin. It's good to be exposed to new things at meetings, but this is most fruitful when there's a bit more common ground to start off on.
8. The Pop Rivets - Kray Twins (Demo)
"I know the type," I interjected, mostly to give Uncle Slappy a chance to catch his breath.
I pointed out all the parts of the nest to my 17-month-old who has far too many words for her own good. As I hung the box back up in the cedar tree she ran around in circles screaming "BIRD NEST BIRD NEST BIRD NEST!!!"
B.A. (Honours) History
* Arizona was the last of the continental States to be admitted to the Union. It was another 47 years before we admitted any other states to the Union, with Alaska and Hawaii being admitted in 1959.
I've been working with the SF Green Film Festival on their opening night, which is less than a month away, on March 1! I've been helping find and secure entertainment for the opening night party and can't wait to share the lineup with you.
5. Put One Foot In Front Of The Other by Mickey Rooney & Keenan Wynn
They laughed, drank and dined
A year and a half ago the fam and I moved to a new house. We have been slowly renovating her and welcoming her to the 2000's. (She was just a little outdated, grapevine wall paper, pink counters...gah.) Of all the renovations, the kitchen has probably been our biggest transformation.
Another example are the Bible verses that are speaking about the city of Sodom, consumed by homosexual urges?
It is fun to do outfit posts when clients send me pictures but in Michelle's case I went on-line and grabbed other pictures for you to see too. I want you to really get the scope of how daring this girl can be. These are just a few. This is a girl who dresses like this every day.
Second place in Amateur Vanilla: Blake Howard
After our meeting, I left with a feeling of love and gratitude. I listened to the recording of the read a few times at home and emailed it to my mom. She, too, is a skeptic - but after listening to my reading, I know her mind is open now.
My co-workers pointed out that I am not at my best at 0500 in morning traffic. So I went back online and filled out my personality profile. It told me I was 12% done and it wanted me to list my "passions..." So I listed how I'm "passionate about how I tend to hate other drivers. It told me to list some facts about what I wanted my potential matches to know about me. (Obviously, they didn't read my personality profile!!)
Am I hesitant when I deal with people I don't know? It depends. How did I come to meet this person. Was I introduced to them through a mutual collector friend? Did I just bump into them at a show? Am I tying a private message to them out of the blue?
You can either serve the soup and add dumplings to the plate or you can add dumplings to the soup in the saucepan to infuse them with flavour.
So I came up with this idea. The first person who comments (who wants one) I will paint a watercolour portrait for them for free in exchange for using it as an example on my shop. Sound good?
My stay of lazy days included a 4th of July weekend and pretty soon it was time for me to return to work. Back to Cleveland and then I was off again in the team van, towing the trailer full of racing supplies, heading to Boise, Idaho, then Bend, Oregon.
As I mentioned in my last post, I haven't been placing a lot of emphasis on grades, and I haven't been formally tracking and recording them. She hasn't been getting a report card.... until now.
I try to make sure that I get cards I make mailed on time so I decided to share my little system with you all. I've already posted pictures of my MAIL BASKET which has 12 dividers for every month of the year. Each divider shows everyone's Birthday or special holiday for that month. This way if I make cards in advance I can just plop them in my basket wherever they go and they don't get lost!
LIMITED TIME SPECIAL OFFER: Only $2.99 (normally $3.99) as part of my Winter Warmers deal - offer ends 15th January 2012. Find out more about the offer and where it is available.
All in all, I feel loved and happy, despite having almost lost my car, being totally broke, and completely afraid of the future. Not too shabby.
Subtract a quarter inch at each seam for each piece of fabric. There are four seams and two pieces of fabric losing a quarter inch at each seam.
I sub-
If I ever made a dessert calling for ricotta, I wanted to use Polly-O. Well, the time came. A ricotta cheesecake recipe from Bon Appetit caught my eye and I made it Tuesday, without the accompanying orange-caramel sauce. The graham cracker crust holds a mixture of cream cheese and ricotta boosted with orange zest vanilla bean seeds and vanilla extract.
"Cheryl" from all of us here at Bizzy Becs, Thankyou so very, very much.
Prepare the cinnamon filling:
This won't be a typical trade post. My scanner is down, so I wont be able to share all the cards I have recently received in trades. Like many collectors, I have cut back on my spending recently and only bought a small amount of Topps series one, especially when comparing it to last year. If Topps releases new value boxes this year that might change. Meanwhile I have been focusing on finishing some of my set projects, specifically 87', 88' and 89' Topps and 2011 Topps Kimball Minis and Heritage. Some card shop purchases have helped, but mostly generous trades have helped me nearly complete these sets. A quick thanks goes out to:
Long overdue
Here's a finished project! This little counted cross-stitch took me forever to actually complete. The fabric is ivory, and the pale pink and pale ivory half-stitches were impossible for me to see what I was doing unless I was practically in sunlight, so I stalled at several points. Ah, well, it's done now! And looks lovely on my wall.
Yes! I said. Immediately. You see? So Compliant.
3. Unforgiveness comes as a defense mode to protect the bruised inner self, which often is hidden from view or even our own awareness. (THIS ONE IS FOR ME!!)
I hope you reading this with as much love and graditude that is in my heart, as it is over flowing ! :) - Any ding dings in you heart? Love Letter Nation would LOVE to hear from you (FB- LLN today!) ! That's our food :)
So, as writers like to do, I started asking myself, what if? What if two teens didn't want the day/the night to end? Why not? What was going on with them, and could I find enough of a story there to write a book?
Hudson River
i tend to worry about things that are so out of my control - i'd love to have not 1 worry in the world, to live free of all harsh realities - i can not even imagine the connection i would develop with myself and the ones around me if this happens!
Or could this be our lot in life?
For these people, cucina povera (peasant cooking) was a necessity. And even though most of us can afford to indulge in small culinary luxuries nowadays, that doesn't mean we shouldn't respect the bounty that's available or waste food either. Eating what's in season, making simple dishes from the freshest ingredients, and preserving foods for the lean days of winter are lessons we can all benefit from in order to live healthier lives and preserve resources.
the following are a selection of poems that emerged from this conflict. Powerful and still inspiring.
I unhooked my seatbelt and then we were airborn. I stood up, holding onto the roll bars as we sailed through the air. As the jeep began to drop I jumped...
To me immediate family means parents, siblings and children. As her niece I'm not one of those three so I didn't want to assume I'd be invited. She said of course I'd be invited, I'm immediate family.
For just as Jonah was three days and three nights in the belly of the great fish, so will the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.
UK fails corruption health check
Although all around us the unbelievers detest,
The ornament balls (silver ones) were leftovers from what I've used on our Christmas tree and I just added few coloured balls to give it some pop. The pine cones were from a gift that we received from a church friend and the tinsel was from the dollar shop. The ribbon was from a previous sale and I'm so glad how it complemented my wreath. I made the bow myself. :)
RUSSIAN RELUCTANCE
A few months back, I posted this blog post about a different inflatable car seat. After posting, I received a comment from The Car Seat Lady, and she left me some very informative information. After reviewing her information, I learned that I had made a poor choice in car seats for my sweet kids. I'm very grateful to have been properly informed and I was able to switch to a much safer, easier car seat.
which is spring. There's something about nature rebuilding herself that I love; a reminder that darkness does eventually pass, and the rebirth of sunshine and warmer days are the perfect symbolism for spiritual regrowth. The most beautiful days I've ever experienced have been born on the heels of an ugly rainstorm. The air is crisp, and just smells cleaner.
Clothespins - success. I love how I can still see the wood grain. The only thing with the pins is they didn't dye where the wood is together - so when I open the pin the original wood color is still there.
So while I've been resting, I've gotten to indulge myself in some guilty pleasures. I've been watching "The Tudors" on Netflix on my daughter's iPad. I had only ever found time to watch the first season. I'm now on Season 4!!!! I'm loving it!!! The other two movies DH and I just watched back-to-back was the Swedish version of "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" and "The Girl Who Played with Fire." My neighbor lent them to us and they were amazing!!! I haven't read the books, so we had no idea what to expect. I've heard critics say the new Hollywood version is not as good and we haven't seen that, but I can see why. It was just unbelievable. If you like action/suspense/mystery type movies, this is for you! Of course, DH didn't mind watching a movie with English subtitles, as being a hearing-impaired person (not that he will admit), he doesn't miss a single part of the dialogue. When we were starting to date, I got him hooked on watching foreign movies with subtitles. Usually the story lines are better than Hollywood ones and you don't mind reading the bottom of the screen. I will admit "Like Water for Chocolate" is one of my favorite movies with subtitles. It's so romantic and extreme.
Natural England agreed to grant a rare emergency license to remove the birds - usually forbidden during mating season.
It was a wonderful new way to live. Drama just faded away and the people in my life became more positive and encouraging. My friends found a more prominent place in my life and the richness of my family became evident.
Two years ago, Zamzami incited further controversy in Morocco when he said it was permissible for pregnant women to drink alcohol.
Last night was Females, Flannel, and Fire (or fun) night at the pavilion! It was such a good time! We sipped hot apple cider, roasted marshmallows and made s'mores, listened to Mrs. Olshine speak about resting in God, worshipped together, and made fruit/chocolate melts (take a banana and make an incision through the peel and into the banana, stuff it with chocolate chips, wrap in aluminum foil, and stick it in the fire. Let it sit for 5-8 minutes, take it out, and eat.). It was such a good evening!
Once I packed up all the old clothes I was hoping to have some extra space to pull some of K's clothes into the dresser/changer so they are at hand when I'm changing her instead of across the room.
But on the other hand you have a technically sound Canero with more power than anyone Hatton has fought. You have to question if Hatton can withstand the power of Alvarez. And this will be the first we see Hatton at light middleweight. We are used to seeing him fight at light welterweight, so you have to wonder if the extra weight will bother him. I think this is going to be a great fight and I think, although many people are counting Hatton out, the fight can go either way.
Note: This is a replica, not the real thing.
it all started with this plea:
I was wrong, made me feel,
Antonio Citterio
I splatter painted some white shimmer cardstock using red acrylic paint. The squares on the middle strip are small mirrors :) Very tricky to photograph without seeing me peeking down with the camera in the reflection!!
Thought it would be a good time to check in on this year's Northwest Passage conditions. As of this past weekend, the passage is open and boats are now moving through from both east and west.
"For sixty days, we will give up wearing any makeup, removing any body hair, altering our hair from its natural state (dying, curling, straightening), wearing uncomfortable feminine clothing (high heels, tight skirts), wearing jewelry (with the exception of wedding bands), painting our nails, using anti-wrinkle or anti-acne lotions, wearing deodorant, or styling our hair for reasons other than function."
Have you ever met a stranger who reminded you of a loved one?
You might even think of a somewhat "heavier" version of a "light" lunch, such as this sliced avocado with Roasted Pepper Pico de Gallo. But, that's not what I mean either.
This week our hostess is Sarah Gough - THinkING STAMPS and she's asking us to Get Wordy! For this challenge, use a sentiment stamp to create a background or layer on your card by stamping it repeatedly.
2 teaspoons dried basil leaves
1/2tsp Red chilly powder
DGS and DGD stayed over last night. We had a busy time: walking the dog, bike riding, jumping on the trampoline, cooking and eating, playing Candyland, reading books, having a sauna, playing in the sandbox and just plain old playing.
Check out OP's new web page.
He presented the device now, laid out snugly in the palm of his hand. It was brass, dull and looked like four even circles melded together.
(Source: DailyOm)
As matters stand, trying to protect UK companies is like attempting to guard chickens in a coop to which foxes have been invited.
Second suggestion: more hands-on practice. While people were actively encouraged to come up and participate, there simply wasn't time or ingrediants for everyone to have a go at making a full cocktail. Which brings me too...
Lost Coast Brewery
CROSSES
There are several problems:
Ive still got a couple of carriers to get out before Christmas, and with Kanga Collective up and running, I am a super busy mama! I am a bit behind on emails, I promise I haven't forgotten you if you have emailed me :).
taller than the houses on the block.
SEC EAST
23 Liquor Store
We rode again today, but the bugs were terrible. 'Alas!' cry the owners of thin skinned thoroughbreds. He spent our entire ride in the outdoor arena shaking and kicking and biting, so we applied copious amounts of fly spray and moved to the round pen. It was hot (upper 90's) and very humid and neither of us felt like riding, but he moved willingly. We just walked, and we spent most of our time working on bending and the like. Afterwards I decided to free-lunge him in the roundpen just to make sure he got a little bit of trot work in, and he did it, but he was not happy about it. I don't understand his disdain for lunging. In my mind, lunging is easier than riding. Wouldn't you say? But every time we try and lunge, he throws a fit, doesn't want to go, and looks pissed the entire time. Perhaps he just doesn't understand the point of it? I don't know. (Though, with his luck, he probably had some unfortunate lunging accident that I have yet to find out about...)
Moreover, once a petitioner has challenged the validity of a patent through a PGR, that party may not challenge validity in a court proceeding based on any ground it raised during the PGR. Additionally, a party who has challenged the validity of a patent in court may not file a PGR petition on any grounds they raised, or could have raised, in the district court. Because the district court action allows the challenger the full panoply of discovery (unlike the restricted discovery appropriate to the more limited PGR proceeding), the Committee believes that it is only reasonable to apply estoppel to claims the challenger was, or should have been, in a position to raise, whether or not it did so.
carry on?
Ronnie Engle
A quiver with its burning stores, a bow like that of night,
"If there's an iron-clad rule in marketing, it is this: Brands are built by being first in a new category." I wonder what he would say about this from a recent New Yorker piece written by Malcolm Gladwell -- which made the exact opposite point about Apple...
There were reports at the CoWNA meeting on Monday that the cover on the salt pile at the piers along Columbia Street was starting to come loose. It seems that today it has really come loose, as we've begun to receive reports of salt blowing in the wind and leaving a salty film on cars, windows, and everything else in its path.
If you are sad, lonely, depressed, hormonal, rejected, overwhelmed, angry, frustrated, lonely, or any combination of the above, please understand that there is hope. Don't believe me? Well then let me tell you a story.
Respect, he replied with eyes cast down. He was too old fashioned for the young. He was shot down by a gang of thugs.
this year i pulled some greens from the yard to make
Well, ikat fabrics are made by dyeing the threads before the fabric is woven. A wax-like substance is applied to bunches of threads in desired patterns, and the threads are dyed. The wax covered parts of the threads resist the dye, resulting in patterned threads which are then used to weave the fabric.
Marley has absolutely loved having them here. They stayed up late Sunday night watching Cars and bonding. Marley keeps asking about Alexis. We dropped off some blankets to her last night and Marley was so excited. I think we will swing by tomorrow and bring them some treats. We will be so sad to see them go at the end of the week but are grateful they got to come out and visit and go to EFY.
silent still.
1 large clove garlic
As we have intimated previously, on the one hand you are such a minute part of creation yet because of Ascension are now a main point of focus and interest, and very important to the whole process. The Universe is aware of your soon to come upliftment as physical Beings. It has created such an interest that you have quite an audience looking on to witness the event. It brings souls from even other Universes who want to share the experience with you. So never feel that you are insignificant or forgotten, as you have never had such attention as you are getting now.
I got back to my apartment, plugged my camera in to the computer and thought to myself, how the heck did you manage to shoot 177 pictures on a day like today? I started the day bumping the ISO on my camera up to 400, and I should have gone to 800 at the start of my walk. I took a few pictures of the wood ducks in the new swamp, not one came out worth saving, not enough light, they were too far away, and too much brush in the way. They sure are skittish birds!
When you finally obtain dollars from the Signature loans then you are able to devote your money pictures discernment. This implies you might like to acquire some clothing, build your vehicle transaction, spend your electricity bill, or another quantity of payments. That may take a vacation with the dollars from the Signature loans! These are only a few things you can apply with the dollars, but others consist of healthcare problems, company bills, and a lot more.
As mothers, we can get so caught up in parenting that we forget that we, too, have a spiritual parent who loves us as His child. He loves you as much as He loves the children He has given you. He will never forsake you. And on those days when motherhood seems too overwhelming and too impossible I step back and take a deep breath. Then I remember that this journey I am on, right now, is the one He has designed and create uniquely for me. I simply need to live in it, learn from it, and allow His love to sweep over and through me.
A week later the entire family was wheeled down rain-slicked Woodward Avenue, parade-style, each in a coffin of appropriate size. The public funeral was an opportunity for police to look for the killer in the crowd, but to no avail.
The scandal was meant to distract all media attention away from Barack Obama during his visit, so that the President could meet with other world leaders without being constantly asked by the reporters about what kinds of dog meat he ate.
I sit on the soccer sidelines in everything from snow and rain to 130 degree heat/humidity and cheer my boys on to be the best that they can be, on the field as well as off.
Happy Boy!
Hi William and welcome.
John Nicholson
As Pat did not make the crap last.
Alright, so I am doing my first session blog post. This session is all about 'regular' beer and is from Stan at Appelation Beer. What is a regular beer? What is your regular beer of choice? Why is it your regular beer of choice? Sounds simple right? Hmmm.... maybe not. I think that the problem begins with that first question. After that, it should come pretty naturally.
he was filled with much despair
"We are encouraged that 501245 e-tags have so far been sold and distributed to regular users of this road network. It's a clear indication that people are cooperating with us," he said.
About the Photos
In the meantime, I wish you all a wonderful end-of-2009 and many great things in 2010.
Row 17-18- sc in each (70)
Ah, well. Even if you don't I'm telling you anyway!
Just accession WordPress.com weblog
I posted a few weeks back about whether my blog should continue (or not) in its current form and I decided to keep going at least for a while. In some ways this blog is to let my friends know what's happening in my world (not much) and to keep me writing (ok there's writing and writing and this comes under the former). I'm not famous or infamous (as far as I know), so followers are people I know and it feels quite friendly and uncritical.
Me: What does it do?
"The day before Karla died, we had a family get together to celebrate our daughter Avery's 13th birthday. Our daughters Avery and Abby, Karla and Beth and their parents got together at the Wesley Willows retirement center. Coincidentally, we also had scheduled a family performance for Palm Sunday in the chapel at Wesley Willows. Now, being a part of the Johnson family was a bit like being drafted on as a journeyman for a traveling roadshow. Frank and Miriam and their daughters have been performing as part of their family ministry at churches and community centers since Beth, my wife and Karla were little children themselves. And from day one, I've sensed that one of the prerequisites for marrying Beth, was that I could play an instrument and wasn't too shy to get up on stage and perform with the group. Within a few weeks of being married, I was drafted into this little band of troubadours doing musical performances, Christian magic and biblical narrations. But throughout our marriage, now 16 years, the member of the act who was always missing was Karla. I would hear about days gone by, when Karla would perform, but by the time Beth and I were married, Karla had "left the band" as it were, and although everyone was very kind to me, I always felt a little bit like I was just a place holder for the real McCoy.
(It was the only way i could think of doing it without laughing) lol
Blast off! Orbit; Blast off!; Blast Off! Galaxy; Blast Off! Stripe.
Meanwhile the following are currently recognised as Grand Vin du Languedoc:
The mailman was very kind to me today. Some giftees to myself arrived.
In 1939, in the same building that would house Spago in the 1980s, our gal opened up Cafe Gala.
There is still a long way to go for Burma: The military appoints fully 1/4 of the members of each house of Parliament and remains firmly in control even as Burma remains deep in poverty. But there has been movement and it is a reminder that change is possible: A year ago, you could be arrested for holding a portrait of Aung San Suu Kyi. Now she's in parliament. And that's good news.
Clothe your ministers with righteousness;
As they get tangled in the sparks of desire and passion you wonder how their situation will be resolved. There are several heavy passion scenes but it all moves pretty quickly to the inevitable confrontations. The characters and dialogue are fun and the story is engaging to the end. I enjoyed the history of gin distilleries as part of the story. The author does a wonderful job weaving the story and characters and this is a book and author I can definitely recommend.
Process in food processor, blender or hand blender until almost smooth. At this point you may want to add more broth if it is very thick. I added 32 ounces more broth. Taste for seasoning and add more curry, cumin, cayenne, salt or pepper if desired.
Now Camra celebrates the fact it has 120,000 members yet how many have the same views as Roger? I doubt it's even a few percent, & yet how is it their policy is dictated by the minority? Surely average members voices should be heard like Neil's thoughts here.
As you can see by the photo, our cat, Big Guy, stayed dry during the hurricane. Schedules were disrupted Sunday morning as the wind was blowing too hard to let the cats outside. You know how disgruntled a cat can get when he wants to go outside and can't? Pretty grumpy.
So while we are relaxing in a lovely house in a smallish town on the north Island of New Zealand, the family who own this house are having a holiday in our house near Brisbane Australia.
I am so proud of us.
As you breathe in, silently say: Your Kingdom Come
David will be joining them!
I went to the gym after work to do some cardio. I was running late, so just 30 min on the arc trainer. I did 10 min at resistance 60%, incline 5. Then a trainer walked by and in a fit of evil, decided to hit all my buttons. I am real stubborn, so I stuck with it, lol. So 20 more min at incline 9, resistance 65%. My legs were lifting high!
My love to everyone. I'm thinking should I post a photo of my nipple? Probably not. I'd have to make put that disclaimer on my blog, and that's just way too much work right now.
Davina Montgomery is no ordinary English lady. For her own protection, she's been locked away from society, her true identity the Crown's most closely guarded secret. Until a shocking betrayal--and a bold rescue--land her in the arms of a fierce Highlander, a powerful warrior whose searing gaze and tantalizing touch awaken her body and soul.
I must look at tomorrow and know that it is another day. A run will just be another run and no matter how I feel about what I did and did not accomplish, I must know that it was better than doing nothing. I must look at my embarrassing moment and find some good in it. What I take from each obstacle will only help me improve, no matter the lies, negativity, or defeat.
This is where your choices will make every difference in the world. This is where the fork in the road just might lead to the place you've been praying to be.
This experience reminds me no matter what our skin color, culture upbringing, or many other things that separate us...we are the same, we see art forms as a way of expressing our inner selves. There is so much more deepness to this, I can barely let the emotion come through on this post. It's beautiful. I love meeting others who share like this.
I carried on reading, unwilling to carry on the discussion about the flipping banana.
She went on to say how I should ask Jesus to make me over again but with long straight hair, but only if He could remake me as an adult, not a baby. She's so adorable.
Size 6mm hook
Before I show you my project, here is the list of hoppers today **Note - Hop Starts at 8 AM CST**
They'll have a picture of me with them for always.
Theres also a little photo of my sister, Pootle and I, that has been hanging about (not literally on a wall unfortunately), waiting to be made use of. Unfortunately it was printed on regular paper, and was a4 size, and the original print hasn't been seen for a while. It deserved a frame of its own, and something special. I fiddled about with some watercolours and pen, and came up with this. Its one of a kind!
I hate doing nothing, I have never been good at it. I actually err on the side of offending, because I hate feeling helpless.
That I was before.
4. Indiana Hoosiers
Sagna-Djourcielny-Clichy
Well, I'll be at the I heart Market tomorrow with these and all my other ranges of ceramic ware, so come and take a look.
The effect is bitty but the new plants will soon settle in.
Or being hated, don't give way to hating,
I love mangoes.
Reply to Objection #3:
my 40th birthday.
Today she led a British delegation to the Vatican. It was the largest ministerial delegation from the United Kingdom to the Vatican
I discovered the following on the Urban Dictionary:
I went to the doctor this week for my bi-annual check-up. Blood pressure good. Lungs good. No sign of a new melanoma scare. Lab work is upcoming so I'll have a sense of how my blood is, how my kidneys are doing, and generally what habits need to change. But honestly, I'm feeling really good right now and I doubt there's any way to measure that.
Because when it comes down to it,
Well at least you can see a bit of lacing. Anyway, maybe it was just that I was tipsy-bordering-on-drunk, but this was the most drinkable beer I've ever had. Not only smooth but tasty. It was very enjoyable. It's not the most sophisticated beer by any means, but the perfect beer for mass consumption to get drunk. I will miss you, Zieg!
With this in mind, I'm always afraid I'm going to kill hamsters if I own any. So of course in these weird hamster dreams, I own a bunch of them.
It's no surprise that the sour beers of Flanders are on the endangered species list. Very few make authentic sour red (or red/brown) ales, and none make them the way Rodenbach does. (De Struise, though it makes a tiny amount, produces a totally traditional, wood-aged sour called Aardmonnik that gives me hope--it's authentic and an exceptionally good, complex beer.) It is almost impossible to imagine any brewery will join Rodenbach in the near term, either. If we could designate breweries "world heritage" sites that could somehow never fail because of commercial pressures, I'd put Rodenbach at the front of the list. In the world of beer, there's nothing like it, and we are fortunate indeed it has survived the vagaries of wars, depressions, and modernization. If you haven't had a bottle recently, go find one and remind yourself what a remarkable beer it is.
Add in a stint on a hit TV dance-off series, a cozy local coffee shop, a narcissistic rock star and a protective big brother to make KISS ME, DANCER a sexy, heartfelt and fun read.
2. Lightly oil a large bowl, place the dough in the bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 20 minutes.
And she's always felt overweight
Though twelve bars long, the verse feels irregular, perhaps partly because of the way the chords cut off and end without the expected cadence, but certainly in great part because of the melodic structure and rhyming pattern on top. Lines one and two of the verse each take two bars and seem to set up a pattern where the listener is going to get the rhyming word in line four at the end of measure eight. Instead, lines three and four have an internal rhyme of their own that has nothing to do with the lines that preceded them. Over the last four bars, we get three more lines sung over the triplets that all rhyme with one another:
Through this process of searching to understand his familial and spiritual roots, gratitude flowered. He expressed his thanks to me through a tribute written in the form of a MBA application essay, the entire content of which I cannot share until after the application process ends. Yet this line from the rough draft copy made me weep uncontrollably:
I made the call. There it is, all jaunty and pointy and cool.
I used the mixed bunch stamp set--which by the way will carry over into the new catalog!--with the matching punch. After laying the punched out flowers on the background I embossed the entire thing using the Square Lattice embossing folder. Makes it almost look like it is a piece of textured designer paper and not separate elements. Of course I did add the extra element of the sentiment since I didn't think you would be able to read the sentiment through the embossing.
children mostly get infected by these parasites, when they mingle and play with other children who may have them in your hair. Their eggs, additionally known as nits, are even less clean and slightly brown color. Since adult lice are immune to chemicals, from time to time it works well to go the old fashioned way.
Our Chief asked if a desire could be fulfilled as soon as it was expressed. Our hostess answered that if the desire were put forth in true form it would be fulfilled. She then went on to say that desire is but a form of prayer, that it was the true form of prayer which Jesus used, as his prayers were answered, that prayer which is always answered must be true prayer, therefore must be scientific and, if scientific, must be according to fixed law.
These old photos - the headers and a few family pictures - are from the farm in Vermont that we left in 1971. This photo is from the last Christmas on the place - after breakfast we looked into our Christmas stockings. Yes, even as adults everyone got a stocking full of goodies. We had toboggan rides in deep snow with a full moon and coming back into a warm house with freshly fried home made doughnuts. The presents were a deep pile under the Christmas tree. The brothers and sisters were young adults filled with the positive energy of their early twenties.
is nailed to the cross,
Ads include the following catchphrases:
3. Another benefit of homeschooling is the fun factor. Can you give us a few examples of some especially fun times you had as a result of homeschooling?
The U.S. has tried diplomacy and it has failed. It has tried military intervention and it has failed. To the degree that President Obama has opted to get out, it looks like the right policy for now and the future. To the degree that he has weakened the U.S. military, it is the worst possible choice he has made.
Honestly, this is the easiest pizza crust I have ever made and tastes amazing. You have to try it! You will be so proud of yourself for making pizza from scratch and will be thrilled with the results. Your relationship with your local pizza parlor may come to an abrupt end as a result. As Martha would say " It's a Good Thing". Yes, it is.
Many of you have already noticed (and commented, thank you!) my new blog design. I absolutely LOVE it! I have to thank Cassie at Primitive & Proper for introducing me to Thais at House09. There are many blog designers out there, but Thais runs a full-service design studio specializing in websites, blogs, stationary and logos. She is incredibly talented...and better yet...insanely patient!!! She worked with me until everything was exactly how I wanted it (even when I didn't know what I wanted!), never once losing her cool (she is in Washington, however, so who knows what she was doing every time she received one of my heavily numbered emails!!)
Edit: Since this post is getting a little buzz, i thought i would be fun to showcase black girls doing alternative styles,
30. Kissed more than 4 people in one night? - Only in a New Year's Eve or a party or post performance cheek-kissing way.
Wolfe LA, Charlesworth SA, Glenn NM, Heenan AP, and Davies GAL. Effects of pregnancy on maternal work tolerance. Effects of Pregnancy on Maternal Work Tolerance. Can J Appl Physiol 2005; 30: 212-232.
Back then, I didn't know what the song was called, but I looked it up on Google recently and read the lyrics. And now, as I sit at the dining table in another house and time, I'd really love for the girls to be here squabbling over make-up, for Charlie to be glued to Match of the Day, and for Ged to be somewhere upstairs playing those first three notes, so that I could sing back to him, in the words of the song.
LOG OFF!
So it is yes to Wall Street, no to Main Street and the Tea Party continue to rally around him.
* 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
The above item about bicycle-riding postal folk possibly explains this next observation.
How do you approach various types of writing?
W2: Your child talks to strangers?
Sluts in a Shack
Maybe you're a bar owner, and you're wondering, will these low-alcohol session beers really sell? Here's a note from Drew Topping, who runs Piper's Pub on Pittsburgh's South Side (great place, highly recommended). He's got three hand-pumps pouring cask ale, and...well, here's what he said.
No, really I am.
find your or another family member or whomever
who had just won a local golf tournament with an excellent score.
almost summer
April 4th: Pray for the beautiful girls living in the Punukula home. Pray for them as they finish school, as they are witnesses in their neighborhood, and for their future husbands.
Do you regret it now?
Hello Pilgrim Pearl Bracelet in Turquoise by Lizzy House
This is not to say that it is not art. What I am saying here is very distinct: I'm not saying the Mass Effect 3 ending isn't art, what I'm saying is that the Mass Effect 3 ending is an artistic failure. There's a slight difference and in this case the devil is in the details because upon this statement depends the actual framing and meaning of the conversation.
In regard to our Thanksgiving pairings, this worked really well with the sweet potato pie. It brought out the maple syrup notes and complimented the toasted pecans on the top. There is a great pairing with the oyster stuffing with bits of salty mushrooms and the malty sweetness of the beer. Overall, this works quite well with the majority of dishes for the Thanksgiving meal.
"In all our conversations with these groups, we emphasize the importance of respect for minority rights, the full inclusion of women, and our regional security concerns."
A marshmallow goes inside the dough and when baked it melts and as you open it, it looks like the empty tomb..
Full list of winners:
Paper: PTI Rustic Cream, Ripe Avocado, Prima Romantique
"Ye did well boy, I'm proud of ya indeed. You'll make some little pup very happy. You're a good dog with a big heart".
If you need a little inspiration just take a look at the stunning creations my fab Design Team have created!.
wooden skewer
Looking for that piece of crap inspiration
"Hey!"
I'm wearing leaf earrings, my tooled leather belt, a brass bracelet and a leather wrap bracelet.
The truth is many orchids have died in my hands.
By ten
When you start writing, are you writing for the reader of your target market, or the reader sitting inside your head?
Like Alice through the Looking-Glass
Punctuate you
the prompt response of
I really liked it but it was a bit tight.
People are rational and no rational person will ever feel any close connection with this structure. They will be proud of their house because it conforms to the general description of what a house should look like. There's a reason why everyone wears skinny glasses in one decade and skinny ties in another, all doing it at the same time as if on command. People will look the same kind of weird if they think that looking weird makes them look normal.
We are dealing with a generation that has seen the cost of college tuition rise 439% over the last 30 years. They went to school and worked hard. Now that they are finished all society has to offer them are low paying service jobs and their old room at their parents house.
Tamariand: small golf size ball soaked in 2 cup warm water
5.Coriander Leaves : a handful
Are you guys excited about the release of my 2nd Edition of 12 Days of Christmas Handmade Crafts yet? We are now on Day 8 so that means there are 4 more projects to go before the release date.
Yoseob & Eunji will personally judge the videos and the top 2 winners will win a dinner date with Yoseob & Eunji.
still smell you,
-Spaghetti - using homemade spaghetti sauce I made last fall (I also 'sneak' some minced frozen zucchini into the sauce... it is too small to be noticed but adds some more good veggies to the mix. ;P My family doesn't do chunky cooked veggies of any sort well, but this works for us.)
He nodded. I could bear it no longer, and flung myself into him, burying my face in his chest. He hesitated, but then his arms came around me, and I nearly gasped from relief, from knowing he was with me, warm and alive and safe.
Whilst compiling my recent post regarding the new breweries that have commenced operations in West Kent during the past two years I was struck by the thought can they all survive? They all seem to be reporting a steady growth in sales, which is obviously good news, but with beer sales declining generally, and falling off quite dramatically in the pub trade, are they all chasing a declining market? Where are these extra sales coming from? If beer sales in the on-trade are declining as much as we are led to believe, this sales growth can only be coming at someone else's expense! The question is who's?
Characteristics of rationalist politics: (1) politics of felt needs, of crises (2) certainty, perfection (3) uniformity.
I am thankful for my family. Not just for all of the generic love and togetherness stuff, but because I am lucky enough to have amazing people to whom I am related. I appreciate my mother's understanding, my father's sense of humor, my brothers' goofiness and friendship, my sister-in-law's upbeat personality, my grandmothers' ability to triumph through adversity, my boyfriend's sense of adventure, my cousins' unique fabulosity (it's a made-up word... so what?), my aunts' advice, and my uncles' protectiveness.
Roni Horn
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- US hostage Warren Weinstein has appeared in an al Qaeda video for the first time since he was kidnapped in Pakistan in August last year. According to the US monitoring service SITE, the two-minute, 40-second video was posted on jihadist forums by al Qaeda's media arm As-Sahab on Sunday. There is no indication of when the video was made. The elderly Weinstein, dressed in a traditional Pakistani tunic and speaking impassively to a camera in English, tells his wife Elaine that "I'm fine, I'm well, I'm getting all my medications, I'm being taken care of."
I rub dust from worn knees, splash water where dirt blooms. Through the clouds that hang heavily over my mind, I find the slow realization that these marks will never wash away. The soiled, meaty sound of flesh beating flesh cannot be cleansed by anything but time.
'Dinnae think ye can come here and dictate to our nation. Margaret Thatcher tried it 30 years ago - and her legacy is that Scotland is heading towards independence. So - get it right up ye, son.'
Here's the first in the series of sketches for Rob, so he gets an idea of what we're thinking to have as the final documentation of the 'leave behind' shot. In this case it's for the first action we are doing Saturday the 17th at 4P. I think we'll come up with an official looking certificate or warning etc., results from the test that will have our stamp and some data and a signature, something about radiation testing successful failed etc.
Here's the affirmation I've taken to saying to myself before bed at night, or some variation thereof:
Did you miss the ice cream truck?
Below is a hodge-podge list of places to check out, ranging from low-brow street food to high-end local and sustainable cuisine. The list is by no means exclusive and we should probably plan to do a Part II for all the great places we're forgetting. But until then, check out this list, grab a fork, and get ready to dive into Baltimore's finest eats:
Off to work now but before I go............
Best Wine Blogs
The symphony, which is fairly brief, makes use of an IBM song called "Ever Onward," and as notes for the symphony suggest, this is intended to identify "the spirit of IBM with the world movement for international understanding" - or "World Peace Through World Trade," as it says on the record label.
Irreparable Harm to CSIRO
The finish was long, but light and fresh with some leesy complexity.
So how did a severely vaccine damaged child become part of these appalling statistics?
Why is that all the single girls look negatively down on this holiday? Most girls dream of love right? Well.. not all, that's why I said most. That doesn't mean you have to have a significant other to make you happy. You love you parents right? You love your family right? How about your best friend? Co-workers? Even your dog? See.. there are so many people you can choose to spend the day with. I love the idea of taking one day and celebrating how much you love each other, but why only have one day set aside for it? Shouldn't we be kind, thoughtful and loving every day of ours lives? That's why I choose to say this: today's not valentines for me... today is Tuesday. I will spend it like any other ordinary day like I have been for my whole life so far.
1 jam
Her oncologist said at first he was worried when the radiologist called him, because normally he only calls when the news is really bad, but the radiologist called because her results were the most dramatic he had ever seen!
The birds have been happy and pretty. This is out the window of Holly's old room.
* The following may be used to override the defaults provided by
It's gorgeous - i love how it turned out Clare!!! :)
among these beautiful reds, blues & browns. I didn't have anything chosen,
25. What do you normally eat for a meal?
Eric Rohmer, one of the founding fathers of the French New Wave, has died.
Have a great day all...
Kaleidoscope was the result of a nine brewery collaboration between (take a
Holding hands, we start towards the car.
Yes all these things together
We'll continue on as planned for this week, though. So, here we go!
Feather blending looks a little better, but it's still pretty streaky. Also, you quickly run the risk of adding too much ink and creating blobby edges with ink buildup. Not very pretty.
If you don't have a blog but still want to participate, you can email your tile to me and i will post it here. (See the contact tab above for my email address). The deadline for each weekly challenge is Saturday night so that i can round everyone up by Sunday. What this means is that i will stop adding tiles to the slideshow on Sunday. You're still more than welcome to do the challenges and add your name to the linkey machine.
* Go to a baseball game. We have a minor league team in our area, and we love to go see the Rangers!
The backing is minky, and I love the way the quilting looks on it.
Anywho, more fun details and tons of pictures coming to you soon! Promise!!
My child will grow up to lead an independent life. My child will have a job, a home, a boyfriend if she likes. These are my expectations, and I am aiming high. This education system does not share my beliefs, and is not equipped to contain the ambitions I have for my girl.
The Bad: School and Work. I can't seem to get ahead since Christmas. I feel like I'm always behind in something. I've been sick a lot so I've been behind in hours at work. If I miss much more I could lose my insurance, so I've been working come hell or high water, and there seems to have been a lot both lately (see below). In school I have never felt so behind. Up until now I've been able to maintain a 4.0 grade point average. I'm worried I'm going to lose it with the test I take this weekend. (I really should be studying now) Spring break is next week. Hopefully then I can catch up a little in both school and work.
Economists covering Brazil increased their 2013 inflation forecast to the highest on record after the central bank reiterated it would continue cutting its benchmark lending rate.
with which you loved us
Today (Sunday) i added this to the candy...
It is one thing to sell records locally. One can sometimes get small record stores to take small quantities on consignment. Getting the records outside your own area code is not easy now, and back then it was all uphill. Small distributors who would take a chance on a small label would often not have the money to pay the label what they owned because they, too, were getting shorted by the people they were selling to. Like many small labels, Dischord was and still is a lot of work, but twenty years down the road it keeps going strong. Countless labels with larger budgets have done less, had less impact and disappeared in the same time. You might ask how Dischord does it. I think it's down to the music and the people behind it. At all great labels like Dischord, (Chicago's Touch and Go Records comes to mind) there are great people at every level from the bands on down the line. Music over marketing, content over profit, ethic over strategy.
Volume 145,000 cu feet
Commercial preparations of sweet clover are available as dried crushed herb, as ointments, and as suppositories.
The buffet experience at Seasons last Sunday night was so disappointing that at first, I could not bear to not write about it. The images from other blogs on the internet show how much the quality has degraded over the past few months. You represent the hotel, and should have exerted a bit more effort. I feel tired just thinking about it.
I'm also grateful that I get to share my passion, right here, with you.
I am so sick of seeing that smug bastard, Al Gore, plastering his smarmy face all over the media. That man is such a gasbag and blows so much hot air that if he would just shut up the carbon emissions for the United States would be cut in half. Do we really need to hear every political commentator on the planet speculate on how he may pull a last-minute surprise and announce his candidacy for the presidency? Is there anyone out there who hasn't heard about his movie? Are his 15 minutes of fame not up yet?
Once again, I changed up the flower in this planter.
xo Shannon
The meanest version of yourself
As with many of the recipes here, if you like a sugary breakfast or want to make a special treat for your family, than you are going to love this. If you are making a full size pancake than you probably only want to eat one. I made 3 pancakes the size of a coffee saucer, they are pretty small, and I could only eat one and a half.
The earthy McGovern provides a bit of a corrective: "The city of New York, especially Manhattan, has forgotten about the port, forgotten about how vibrant this port still is. And unfortunately, they don't know the importance of the marine transportation system to their lives. The goods actually go in now to the large terminals that are mostly based in New Jersey. But it is still one operation. This port needs a very large support arm. That arm is based almost entirely within the city of New York. Those are the tugboats, the barge companies, and the repair facilities.
I bought a Calvin Klein purse, 2 BCBGMaxAzaria tunics, a Cynthia Rowley tee, DKNY capris, and Calvin Klein capris. Total score!
Source: Jiddu Krishnamurti Fifth Talk in Bombay, 1965.
And now lets dive into the elements of ICFD 7 a bit more. That wonderful Pioneer Award.
Next Version of the Library
It's not so much that Russian girls dress more or less scantily than in other countries, but there is a lot of premature sophistication, in my opinion. I'm almost 30, and there are eight-yr-olds more sophisticated than I am. The heels, the pea-coats, the perfectly coiffed hair...Is it a problem or not to dress older than one's age? That's debatable.
Meet Skull Castle Jude! Isn't he the cutest little man? Yes, I pulled another layout out of my bag of tricks. I have all these summer pictures of Ariel, so no better time to make some layouts than with super cute images from Betty, right?
As she worked me hard and fast with her hand and cranked me up to the height of arousal by sucking my nipple, I lost control. The quivering started deep inside of me. It was a deep urgent tickling sensation that told me that I was at the point of no return. The tickle grew and grew and soon it became a demand that would not be denied. I moaned that I was going to cum as my body stiffened. As she held my cock head and flicked my nipple back and forth in her mouth with her tongue, my cock swelled and hurled several heavy ropes of thick white cum.
4. I like microwave popcorn and movies at home with my family.
Reluctantly left behind
Why is it that Indigenous Peoples are always accused of creating an us vs. them dynamic in Crown-First Nation relations, when in fact it is the opposite that is true. Our treaties were negotiated so that we could move forward cooperatively, yet Canada (which includes Canada includes ALL federal departments, agencies and commissions as well as the provinces and territories) has broken every promise it has made. Given that our treaties were to maintain peace and friendship, Canada has breached the treaties at every step.
He has written 12 books, is a best-selling New York Times author, is really disliked by the left, and has interesting, thought provoking view points. Visit Wikipedia article on D'Sousa to find out about his other books.
4. A redesign has never been shown to increase newspaper revenue. Never!
The second substantive question faced by the Board was whether the evidence was sufficient to establish that FERN MICHAELS functions as a mark. There was no doubt that FERN MICHAELS has been used as the author's name for a series of books, and so the question became whether Applicant could meet either the Polar Music or the Scholastic test.
I have used a Hangler Image that was sent to me by a very kind person some time ago.
Also it's Earth Day today, so let's think about how to make things better for the Earth that looks after us.
5) Never sign an application that contains false information, and try to avoid signing blank forms. If you must sign a blank form, make sure you get a copy of the completed form and review it for accuracy before it is filed.
6. Petite Fleur (2:37)
Better known as my sister's place in Redondo Beach, just south of Los Angeles, it's where my husband and I found rest and relaxation from our roadtrip R&R, immersing ourselves in everyday life in the midst of vacation life. As with past visits, there are no formalities when Mr. Noodle and I knock on L's door - we know where to stow the luggage, where to find the towels and where she keeps the breakfast cereal. Soon enough, we slip comfortably into their regular routine which, for a few days at least, become our own. We join them in cheering on Nephew at his flag football games and share their pride in Niece's graceful form during ice-skating practice. While my husband accompanies his brother-in-law for a workout at the local gym, I tag along with L to the neighborhood grocery, then help put our purchases away in the freezer, fridge and pantry (to be raided later by me in full make-yourself-at-home mode).
With the recent sacking of Pat Buchanan from MSNBC and now Derbyshire many will say we are moving into a zone of growing intolerance and political correctness. This is partially true, but the real reason is that the changing nature of America means it can no longer bear the strain of being honestly debated by its own mainstream media. To do this honestly and frankly, as Buchanan and Derbyshire did, emphasizes the fault lines and threatens to rip them apart.
And at intervals waiting or in the midst of camp,
Hope the New Year brings you lots of good health, happiness and love.
No more sorrow, no more pain
6. All deliveries will be given a tracking number. Tracking numbers will be sent to buyers and posted online.
Anyway, there it is in a nutshell!
Has it not occurred to them that the Jewish-conspiracy myth has been intentionally endorsed by a far more powerful and covert group of schemers, in order to divert attention from the real culprits?
I love you. I forgive you. Please forgive me. I am sorry and Thank you.
Before our actual flight, the Youth Ambassadors as well as their instructor did a live demo for us...
Dark Chocolate Maple Pecan Pie
d. Ride a Golf Cart into W00tstock
Corey seems to have relaxed a bit, but there are still no good expectations for his birthmother's future. But who knows, she's already surprised everyone....
There is a cortege of vultures sitting on the roof of this hotel. The management sends a bellboy up each day with a towel, a pillowcase, or something equally ridiculous, which he flaps at them. They flap back, and he comes down with a new gash on his leg. Tomorrow, I predict, he will not go up at all. They will have to find another bellboy. I consider the average length of time it takes for your people to learn a lesson, but perhaps I am being unfair. No lesson is more difficult than death, after all.
What we do know about MD is that it's hereditary with a 50% chance of developing in those with a strong family history. We also know that smokers are at three times greater risk of developing MD and may show signs of the condition 10 years earlier than non smokers: but quitting smoking for 20 years reduces the risk to that of the normal population. We might not be able to change our genetics, but we can stop smoking or make sure our children never smoke!
So we derive that there is a parallel relation that exists between marketing and fashion as they both strive to achieve the same thing. Loyalty. Loyalty is the aim of every business and marketers should place emphasis on maintaining loyalty from their core customers. However in a business model it is much more difficult to maintain loyalty due the increase in competition and the on going fight for a share in the consumers mind. Marketers need to develop new trends and tactics in reaching maximum consumers or revamp old trends that would fit appropriately to their business.
"It's true!"
Belly Button in or out: Almost all the way out.
I have no issue with anyone blogging as they choose. I attempt to link blogs that will be of interest of MBS readers. You've told me what you like and these guidelines largely reflect that. If you think it's time to revise these standards, I'd like to hear your ideas.
So far, the bottom 3 are Aaron, Casey and Tim.
Later, we add in some positives, words that intend to be encouraging but are in fact equally as bossy. DO clean up your toys. DO say please and thank you. DO flush and wash your hands.
We invite you to join us on our journey. Follow our blog as we explore the history of our neighborhood through the stories of people who have lived it. In February, we will be designing our project and recruiting people to tell their stories. Do you know someone with a story? Let us know.
XXXV
187Now turn'd to Heav'n, I weep my past offence,
Who am I to keep people on the hook, when I am the shameful, the broken, the afraid, the forgiven? I have to extend others the grace that was extended to me. Even if it means doing it over and over and over again.
There would have been discussions, theories and investigations on the possibility that the world had reached an advanced civilization before 4000 BC.
This afternoon this blog hit 2,000 hits per month. Yahoo!
It's obvious that many writers give up when they are stuck, rather than exploring how to fill up the creative well, as Cameron recommends. The Inner Critic gets excited, shuts the creative gate, and that's that for the book project sometimes. I hope more writers allow their support networks to coach them through this stage, past the discomfort, and encourage them to explore something new.
What if their business goes down or their job is downsized?
F: I think so, yes.
You are not attempting to be a manager, or even a businessman. You are concerned with the getting of money. You must go with your gut. After that, the managers and the bean counters and financial advisors can take over. But only afterwards.
The first thing that really stood out to me about Gwen was that she sounded younger than some one who is, as she puts it, sixteen-and-a-half years old. While this did bother me some at first, it didn't take long for me to get used to it and I started noticing some of her other qualities. For example, she has a great personality with an appealing sense of humor and wit. Her feelings were relatable and Gwen became a character that I had grown to form a solid connection with. Then we have Lesley, Gwen's ever loyal, understanding, and humorous best friend. She was so supportive of Gwen and never failed to believe her, two traits that made me love her. Then we have Gwen's cousin, Charlotte, and while I did feel sorry for her, I did not like her attitude. Surprisingly enough though, this did work well for her character. Then Glenda, Gwen's aunt and Charlotte's mom, was a real piece of work but she definitely added to the story. As for Grace, Gwen's mom, I too questioned her the same way The Order did. However, I'm leaning more towards trusting her versus the others. The last character I want to discuss specifically is Gideon. Like Gwen, I initially found him to be a bit of an arrogant jerk, though even then he was still funny. As the book progressed, I got to see more of his personality, charm, and slightly sweeter side reveal itself. There were quite a few other supporting and minor characters that all contributed but to try and name them all would take a while.
My writing has collapsed into a litter of consonants and vowels that drift across the carpet to clutter in the corners ( how I love alliteration). My novel remains buried somewhere in the recesses of my computer awaiting the final polish from my magic duster. An idea for a series of inter-related short stories remains eleven pages of an idea for a series of inter-related short stories.
Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another. Forgive as the Lord forgave you. Colossians 3:12-14
Grand in itself alone, but in that breach
Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier
Use the same main character in the sequel as you did in the first book. Change the plot but not the personality of the main character Use the same style of writing; like if you are rhyming, use the same rhyming pattern. Make sure the illustrator makes the main character look the same and uses the same illustration style.
When the last dregs of our creative juices are drained, Dad oversees the vacuum patrol while I pour cocoa into generous mugs. We spread our handiwork on the floor around us and sit, quietly admiring our work while we dunk marshmallows and sip rich chocolate.
That Was Then
Perfect Chocolate Chocolate Cake Recipe:
Social media are at once one of the greatest and most dangerous phenomena since the creation of the Internet. Upon analyzing their place in my life, I ask many questions about how they apply to my vocation: journalism. And since journalism affects everyone, it turns out these are pretty important questions. Who better to ask than those on the frontlines of news coverage?
When most people think of the old song Ventura Highway by America they think of Pacific Coast Hwy but this little road suits the feel of the song much better at least for me it does.
Well, the blood had been simply racing through our arteries, we had to take measures to slow it down.
As much as I would love to be able to go to an antique store and buy a crystal chandelier, that just isn't in the cards for us right now so I was thrilled when I found this one for $50 (!!!) at Home Depot online.
I drove to Durley with the window down and my radio tuned to BBC Radio Five Live. Manchester United were making hard work of a visit to Upton Park. Graham Taylor, who earns his living as a pundit these days, couldn't see any way back for them at two-nil down. "They don't have any leaders on the field," he said, seemingly oblivious to both West Ham's indifferent season and the possibility of the four goals Manchester United would go on to score.
The kids, for the most part, are great. I pretty much let them do what they want as long as they aren't too loud, and operate under the basic principles that when you grow up it is socially unacceptable to be muddy so have fun now kiddos! I find that I'm not here to be a parent, but more of a mentor giving out some good, general information about life they might not get from their parents or school teachers. However, that does not mean that I'm any good at it. Enter Maxim, age 12:
Additionally there are remix-tracks from B.Fleischmann (Charhizma/Morr), Nicholas Bussmann (Kapitalband.1), Fred Frith, Philip Jeck (Touch) und Olivier Lamm (Active Suspension).
So, call me lazy as I share another bad photo and a great recipe. Lazy Lasagna is pure comfort food that feeds an army. The original recipe was published in the South Dakota Centennial Cookbook (1889-1989). I received this cookbook as a shower gift as a blushing bride and it was one of the first not-Hamburger Helper recipes that I tried as I taught myself to cook. It is good food that people love.
Two farms, sitting side by side. Both sporting quintessential red Wisconsin barns. Both probably home to the TRULY happy cows - - - the dairy cows of Wisconsin.
lad, wrapped in nightly winds, in chimney
This is totally writing unrelated but I must tell you because it's making me smile. I am currently as I type in the middle of a text conversation with my ex boss who is complaining about the lack of talent (amongst other things) in my home town. I've not lived there for nearly 30 years so I don't think that I can be held responsible. But maybe I can because when I worked for him I was responsible for just about everything else. Good job he's a pal. He was the first person outside my very close family and a particular friend that I told when I had my first story published. However that is the only one I have ever told him about. However there's been no text for a few minutes so maybe he's finally found something worthy of his attention.
So why did you use? I still wanted to try and understand what made him relapse.
So, I gave my kids a can of Pringles and said " Eat up kids, Mama's got to make a craft and try not to slobber on the can please."
"Antique Doorknob,
discussed
I received the following as a comment to my last post. Since I felt it was worth a wider audience I've posted it here.
I also like the way the Galleria deals with that horror of horrors today: empty retail store fronts. The Galleria uses architectural elements of empty storefronts to showcase current retailers and their offerings. You might be excused from enjoying the display and not noticing an empty shop behind. In a rare misstep, one well done display window is located next to waaaay too much empty white space where previously lurked a store front that no longer leads into an open shop. Most often Galleria paints these empty storefronts in an appealing color that works so much better than expanses of white.
Fourth, and finally, some prime lenses include a depth of field guide imprinted upon the focus scale. Here is an example of my 50mm AF Nikkor lens:
When does it arise?
This follows up on my 9/1/05 report, "The New York Times and Forest City Ratner's Atlantic Yards: High-Rises and Low Standards: A Pattern of Inadequate, Misleading, Mostly Uncritical Coverage." The report (link below) analyzes Times coverage of the proposed $3.5 billion project, the largest ever in Brooklyn, to build a basketball arena plus at least 16 high-rise buildings. Here I analyze further coverage of the project and also provide my own reporting.
I decided this week's Sentimental Sunday would be of me and my sister, Emily, pregnant together. These photos were taken in October 2006. Emily was a couple of weeks away from giving birth to my niece, Ella (her first child). I was about a month and a half away from giving birth to Grant (my third child).
Noah, on the other hand, seizes opportunities. After the first cast member said, "walk, don't run" he sprinted past the heavier ladies and started running. And running. And running.
When your pie is done, you will have the most delicious, most beautiful UGLY PIE you ever did see!
Yes, Margaret has a hard life with a mother who, to modern sensibilities, is thoroughly awful, seemingly totally lacking in compassion, and yet by the end of the book we come to realise that Margaret herself is just as determined and equally callous.
I get more great tomatoes from this variety.
I found a pattern for the rainbow fish online. The kids used watercolors to paint the fish and then glued on some glitter and a googly eye. I had them glue the fish to colored paper, if I was to do it again I would have them glue the fish to card stock.
Without him, oh lord of kings, without that supreme person
THEN....after all those days of work I came to THIS. GIANT, GAPING, TEAR INDUCING, HOLES in the original ceiling. Our kitchen has its own roof...a roof I never wanted to see from the UNDER side. From as far as I can discern, a genius home improver before myself had crawled into the little crawl space above the kitchen, broke huge holes in the original plaster and lathe to allow for the blown in insulation to migrate in between the two layers of ceiling. Broken. Huge broken holes. This discovery took years off my life, for reals.
Totally wrong, it's actually a little "dorpie" in the South East called Colchester. Now Colchester is not the most glamorous town but it does have a lot of history, and this makes it a premium place to visit on a weekend.
Ultimately, she is still using the same system, but now it has style AND functionality!
Spread 1 bread slice with mayo. Fill bread slices with all remaining ingredients except dressing.
Four important sides were cut in October 1955 (Coast Concert): Struttin' With Some Barbecue, Muskrat Ramble, Do You Know What It Means To Miss New Orleans, and Bugle Call Rag, with Jack Teagarden joining in on Bugle Call Rag. During January 1957 Bobby appeared with Eddie Condon's band at Constitution Hall in Washigton and, at this time, performed with the National Symphony Orchestra as guest soloist. In November 1956 he put together a sextet to play the Voyager Room at the Henry Hudson Hotel on 57th Street. The ensemble presented a wide ranging repertoire which included dixieland, bop, cool jazz and even 'mood music'. In late summer 1957 the group embarked on a tour of the United States and Canada. Also during 1957 the band produced an album for Capitol (T857), The Gotham Jazz Scene, which featured some very nice Dick Cary arrangements. Bobby also made additional recordings with Jack Teagarden: Jazz Ultimate. Coast Concert and Jazz Ultimate appear together on the Dormouse label (DM1 CD X02). In November of 1957 the Hackett sextet was recorded live at The Embers. After the tour, Bobby returned to studio work but continued to play occasional club dates in New York. In 1959 a Hackett quartet including Dave McKenna(P), Bob Carter(b), and Richard Scott(dr), recorded twelve sides for Capitol.
His acting career hasn't gone anywhere. In fact, he's basically sitting on his butt in his little hometown doing not much of anything important. Meanwhile, the Virginal Three are: a professional actor, an attorney, and a full professor...yeah, we're a bunch of losers, all right. *smirk*
My head swam with his closeness and nearly drowned in the events of the previous twenty-four hours.
I have a container full of names ... I will be glad to pick out the name for you and send you the name if you prefer. I am so excited by my saint(s) ... I already picked mine. Well, I should say that they picked me ... I have Saints Marcus and Marcellianus ... they are twin brothers who were sent to prison before their death. St. Sebastian visited them continually in prison and helped keep their faith alive. They are buried near St. Felix and are specifically honored in Spain.
Speaking of Belgians and their fantastic yeast, I was lucky enough to try WildDevil, HopDevil fermented with 100% brettanomyces. Young, about a month old, but awesome. The hop profile is delicious when lined up with the bright and dry wild yeast notes. This year's is definitely going to be a winner when released. I also got to try some other wacky wild beer that, while I'm not sure what it was, blew me away. It was still fermenting and tasted like cheese!! I don't think it was Helios.. Whatever. Love it.
I am canning the motif of the movies I review being connected to one another in some capacity. That was harder to deal with than I thought. Aside from some sequels probably being reviewed back to back, the movies selected from here on out will be chosen on a whim.
Then I first "met" my husband (via facebook) and saw that he was into Star Trek. When a friend asked me what I thought of him (this was before I even met him) I said (literally) "he's into Star Trek, nuff said". Needless to say I am now married to him.
Barry Ryan Eloise UK
Sometimes I think that people believe that Will, my Dad, and I have a huge warehouse somewhere in Nevada filled with "Super 5" variants, which we are leaking into the market at inflated values, and this is why we talk them up so much. Not so. (All I'm admitting to here is that the warehouse is not FILLED with them.)
I don't think I will ever live anywhere other than Sheffield. I have been here for 30 years this year. I consider it home, even if I will always be an off-comer to real Sheffield folk.
What he came home with was (10) Right Guards - totally free; and the pastas and sauce were free too because the kids went on a field trip with daycare to Albertsons and got a little sheet of coupons for some free things. I'm so glad he didn't get any grief from the checkers, and that the coupons scanned just fine - if anything had gone wrong he would have been soured on it. So I think I may be slowwwwly converting him to my way of shopping - heh.
I've been spending the morning tracking down remaining parts for moving water around my house and realized I haven't posted about plumbing.
Obviously colored pants are here and going to stay for a while, particularly burgundy! but who could ever ignore the current color obsession- orange! The fall-like burgundy is quickly transformed into a spring appropriate look by pairing it with a pop of orange in a sandal wedge. Thank God for cream sweaters, they are perfect for all year round.
I had a quiet St Pats day this year mainly due to the terrible situation in Japan as a result of the recent earthquake and tsunami...As some of you would know by reading some of my previous reviews on PROPER BEER MATE I have family and friends in Japan, all are fine and safe thank goodness.....Thanks to all my friends/colleges/family who have expressed their concern and a big GAMBATTE (GOOD LUCK!) to all the people of Japan to overcome this disaster.
HUGS and BLESSINGS to you all!!!
"Every now and again, as I wander about town, my mind drifts from Mussolini and Fascism, the subject in hand, to another matter: Tony Blair and New Labour. Odd, but I cannot help noticing that Blair and Mussolini have rather a lot in common. I am not saying that Blair has consciously copied Mussolini. But Blair, probably without even realising it, does seem to have imbibed quite a few things from the Duce. ... For a start, Blair extols the virtues of the Third Way, which was the phrase coined by the Fascists, no less, to describe their alternative to capitalism and communism..... Indeed, despite all the uncanny similarities between the two leaders, there are, of course many differences, not the least of which is that Blair is in many ways more right-wing. Mussolini, for example, founded Italy's welfare state. Presumably, most people would agree that such a move was fairly left-wing. Blair, on the other hand, is doing his best not just to hack away at the welfare state but also at workplace rights"
Cosmos Paper Flower
One more thing. I'm used to activating my social audiences one at a time. Usually over a Ketel One martini, very dry, with an olive. Who'd believe I could activate them simultaneously on all media ecosystems ? It's a doggone miracle.
Ultimately it is YOUR open space, acquired for PUBLIC, not private corporate use. In many cases this land has been used for informal recreation for 10, 20 or more years.
The show won 10 Emmy Awards and had 68 Emmy Award nominations during its 9 years on the air.
Published: 2nd September 2010
So if you are struggling with your concentration try one of these tips and see if it helps. Think of when your writing was its best and what you did at that time. Did you watch a lot of films? Did you read a lot of books? Chances are that something you thought may have just been fun was something that helped you to concentrate.
This was after they told me this whole story of walking into a coffee shop that had a certain song playing over head and the guy in line just so happened to turn around and spot her walking through the door and held strong eye contact for all of 15 seconds.
I managed to spend a little and one of the items I bought was a birdcage die by Marianne designs, along with a bird on a branch. Last night I was having a look at my new toys and wondering what to play with and ended up making this.
Since the 1960s, when the Congo expelled the Belgians this has been a mirror of African regression, moving steadily southwards until the example of Zimbabwe . Once a prosperous, well educated exporter of food the population now eat rats to survive.
Fewer than 2 percent of sexual abuse allegations against the Catholic church appear to be false.
For this I blame my cousin who came to visit us a few years ago. I was almost exactly halfway through my 5-year project and had built up a nice collection of shirts, ties and suits but had not given much attention to my shoes. I had a pair of shoes that I wore to work which were in many ways the perfect shoe. They were incredibly comfortable and light. They were my shoes of choice if I was commuting in London and running up and down Tube escalators or simply spending long days on my feet.
Locke wheels himself to the entrance where he comes upon Ben sitting. Ben shares that most of them are already inside.
Last year Dunn had perhaps the worst year of his career and made it look like the White Sox made a mistake in signing the slugger. He recorded all career lows in every major offensive category; Batted .159, hit 11 homeruns, 42 RBIs, striking out 177 times in 122 games played. His OPS was a career low .569 (career .902 OPS), OBP was just a meager .292. Through 27 games this season Dunn is batting .250 with 8 HRs and 22 RBIs including a key 9th inning 2-run blast against the White Sox on Saturday.
Military Hospital.
The approach taken with the HCR legislation is based on a not unreasonable calculus, and is the kind of compromise we get in a representative democracy largely co-opted by powerful economic interests who now have full citizenship after Citizens United v.
Waller K, Swan SH, Windham GC, et al. Use of urine biomarkers to evaluate menstrual function in healthy premenopausal women. Am J Epidemiol 1998; 147: 1071-1080.
My overall point of quoting the above critics is to perhaps convey how being high up in the press circle might make BRONSON more opaque, which is a sad thing to have to say, especially about ROLLING STONE magazine which, as I dimly recall, used to have its finger at least in the same town as the counterculture's pulse. A sleek, younger journal like SLANT nails it beautifully however in this piece of knowing, liquid mercury prose from Nick Schager:
It improves the energy levels of a person and promotes overall well being in a person.
What size glass would you like? Pint, half pint or third of a pint goblet.
It's been revered by every designer in fashion & possibly interior design.
They handed us PBS because it was (to them) slightly manpower positive, but this was in my view, inconsequential.
Other treats for me included:
There are some things happening around town on the professional brewing scene....more, later.
now he gazes, unseeing, not by choice but by chance.
Oh it is cold out there, but felt wonderful. Snow is coming down at a nice steady clip..we might have a good eight inches by daybreak. (i am rooting for more).
Now interviews are a strange thing. I've not done many and I have a pretty high strike rate of late (two for three if you're wondering) but they rarely worry me in the way that regular life does. I think its because I see job interviews as playing a part. I feel that you are acting the role of "the ideal candidate" so the person being judged is not you but the version of you that you're trying to present.
I wish you only to retrace
Planets: Saturn
As far as reading and writing experience goes, I've always loved reading. I often used to read the back of the cereal box and the milk carton every morning! The librarians in my local library and at school knew me by name. It was common for me to read two books at once; one at school and one at home and I perfected reading and doing other things at the same time. At work I parked my car a fifteen minute walk away and would read walking along the street.
1941.
It hurts to hold this rope.
"The Old Man Down the Road" by John Fogerty
Is it fair, for example, that I was born into the Great Depression over seventy years ago and now, when I should be enjoying retirement, I am living in something the economists call a recession, but is just as bad, if not worse, than it was when I was born.
34And Joshua and all Israel with him went on from Lachish to Eglon: and they took up their position against it and made an attack on it;
We also made a brief stop at the sulfury-smelling San Juan thermal springs, so named for the river they eventually supply. The river is composed of the confluence of mountain spring water and volcanic minerals mixing together at the site of the thermal springs. This is said to be the second most beautiful river in Colombia.
The book doesn't just focus on the positive side of scandalous women's stories either. Some stories are sad, and some are even cringe-worthy, and you'll be glad the scandals didn't happen to you. But these stories can be inspiring too, just by knowing that we aren't alone in our struggles and that we too can overcome obstacles like these women did.
Remember, breath in through the nose and out through the mouth.
To conclude the production process, post the article on your website and in your blog. You are not merely a blog publisher, you are, better, a publisher, part of the great tradition. Enjoy a moment of joyful reverie, but only a minute. After all, your next deadline already looms, and you must and shall be ready.
Suppressing the rights of one group in deference to the beliefs of another group is disturbingly anti-American, even if our history is littered with such episodes. Our forefathers claimed to found this country on the idea that all men are created equal, even if their vision at the time was somewhat... uh, limited. But we've added clauses to that original idea as time has passed -- equal: no matter their gender, no matter the color of their skin, no matter their religious beliefs, no matter.
4) Even little acts can inspire: I have been incredibly touched by all those who have reached out to me telling me the ways in which this story has brought wonder and love to their own lives. Some recently single ladies, recently divorced men, even couples, have emailed me to share with me their own new york city tales of love and loss and how this tiny blog inspired them to fall in love with their city all over again. I truly believe that my journey is not unique,but is one we are all sharing together. This city is full of amazing people, doing amazing things, and I am just honored to be a part of the celebration of life and love.
Gular road, Dainik Rajpath wali gali
Lifespan: It's free! Doesn't matter!
5. Barnes & Noble- Sorry folks, no free books here but since I got my nook I find I spend a lot more time on this site.
Gmate Product Specification:
"The one thing that's being tamped down here is we're losing characters," Rep. Stephen C. LaTourette (R-Ohio) told the Post. "The place needs character and characters."
Younger generations, being the trend setters that they are, are quite experimental with their clothes. They often opt for bold colours and prints that are well cut and flattering to their figures, whereas, older generations play it safe with sleek, well-coordinated outfits that accentuate their figures and their poise.
Recorded in Hackensack, New jersey, on Oct ober 4, 1955
Holding onto something
The Journal is a scientist Magazine of the University of Oslo. in march 2011, the magazine published proof of widespread sexual abuse of animals in Norway.
For young women in much of Britain, dependence does not mean dependence on the government: that, for them, is independence. Dependence means any kind of reliance on the men who have impregnated them who, of course, regard their own subventions from the state as pocket money, to be supplemented by a little light trafficking.
delicatessan," says Bjork-collaborator Graham Massey of techno outfit 808 State.
I struggle to say the words.
Raisins (Handful)
All in all it was a positive and productive experience, and the rapport that was developed there bodes well for an exciting and fulfilling season ahead.
People would say-- Oh you will worry to much, be over protective, buy silly things that you will never use... You will learn alot by the time your second child comes along.... Now here they come. and I feel like a new Mom again. Not in all the same ways but in a lot of new different ways that I never even thought of before. Thinking about the ways to prevent this child from dieing. Thinking of ways to help them remember their sister. Worrying if ill remember how to do things. I forgot what foods you could and couldn't eat. I forgot different things that happen when your pregnant. I forgot the age you start feeding your child solid foods. I'm getting my baby books out and honestly feel I have never read them before. I am not only feeling like a first time mom, but at the same time I'm feeling like a old mom who is starting over after years of no babies. I have seen it begin and end. I have been there every step in between. I am scared of what will happen. I am scared of who I will be. As I have been thinking of that 21 year old becoming a first time mom I have been quickly reminded of that 22 year old that made the choice to end her daughters life. Fearing if that person was good enough. She didn't know anything. But there she was. and she lived through it. I lived through it. I have been praying that Makenzie forgives me for all the times I didn't do enough. For all the times I should have been a louder voice for her. Those moments that are forever engraved in my head. The hardest of hard. The darkest of dark. The moments where I prayed harder than I have or ever could pray. Pleading with God to help my child. Some of those moments I believe I did everything I could. Others, I wish I would have done more.
It's the embroidery and trimming that will take longer. Especially since a lot of that will be done by hand. And I haven't figured out yet how to knit and embroider at the same time... so we'll see. Because of course I still want to knit!
for all sinners, than for me?
Marge.
I found a couple I thought looked awesome on ebay and decided to try them out.
Maternity clothes? Yep and LOVE them! I don't know why we need to wait til pregnancy to wear these wonderful things! For Christmas, Rick & Mel got me a gift card to Pea in the Pod. They have some super cute things with a really nice price tag too! But I found most of my things there on sale. With all I got, I was able to earn $70 Bump Bucks. So this weekend I went back out and finished up my Maternity wardrobe at Motherhood. They have equally super cute things with about 1/2 the price! I also got a few new bras...kinda had a freak out moment when the sweet lady working there told me how big my boobs will probably get!
Slipping back out of his tunnel, Xu Guan paused and listened. All was quiet except for the sounds of birds singing in nearby trees. Xu Guan took the time to haul away his dirt pile and toss it onto the muddy banks of the nearby creek that ran through the woods.
Singer of your spiritsong,
This Italian/American horror/thriller shows a definite nod to the classics of directors like Dario Argento, as it's less about brutish blood and gore and more about what's going on in the heads of the characters. Veteran actor Domiziano Arcangeli stars as Sebastian, a lonely and reclusive artist who reluctantly meets his stunning and alluring neighbor, Sarah Roeg (played by the amazing Irena Hoffman). She soon takes an unusual interest in him and his odd lifestyle and photography.
But ... there is a price to be paid. To get the artwork scanned you have to ever so, ever so, evvverrrr so carefully pull the artwork off it's backing board. In the 1980's illustrators could buy artboard specifically for this purpose - it was called stripper board and you would pull up the corner and then gently roll the corner away from you using a cardboard tube to wrap the thing around. This is what seems to have happened with Barr's painting, only the board he created the picture on was not being as co-operative as the person tasked to perform this operation might have hoped and it looks like the operative placed with this delicate task might had substituted an object of much smaller radius to anchor the paper on as he rolled it off it's board.
I started with the Tape Color Trends Challenge at Embellish blog, that I wanted to play with for some time. I'm always having trouble with clever use of washi tape, so I googled it for a bit and that's what came to my mind afterwards...
Clash (Bay Rong) is most entertaining when allowing Veronica Ngo's Phoenix to be a fiercely scowling hard-edged high kick girl. It's refreshing to witness a strong female presence, exerting her dominance over ex-con male counterparts, threateningly commanding them both with words and fists. She's apt to smack them around as evidenced when Ox gets beaten into begging for mercy after suggesting a new codename for Phoenix, Horny. I love one moment in an early fight scene where the action pauses and a random thug shatters a bottle over Phoenix's head to which she no sells completely, not feigning even the slightest reaction or flinch. This type of imperviousness is often relegated to male action stars so it's great to see the female lead given such a moment. Ngo sells herself well as a believable action star and impressively holds her own in comparison to co-star Johnny Nguyen, who brings a hefty martial arts rep to the table from The Rebel and stuntwork on various big budget Hollywood productions.
And maybe now I can rest
I squeezed her hand, and then walked into the dim morning light.. Behind me, a door shut. It was the sound of the closing of a life..
Along with my dear friend, Heather, we've been coaching a 3rd grade Destination Imagination since December. They compete on March 24th and are very much the reason for the busy days ahead of me. If you are unfamiliar with Destination Imagination and curious, you can learn more here. Hope to be back soon... Enjoy your weekends and remember to wear green!! :)
Anyway, I knew I still wanted to be involved, but not in the cast. The thought also occurred to me that nobody else was stepping up to be stage manager. Perhaps without thinking too much about it, I volunteered for the position.
A trip to the mall to visit Santa yielded a super fruitful f21 trip, including these killer leopard print leggings I have been wearing almost nonstop! They were $12.80 and obviously not gonna last forever due to the source, but I am loving them while they last! I love animal prints because they go every direction- rocky roll teenage dream, Peggy Bundy, hip hop bus stop honey, you name it! Every sub-genre I love!
I read over and over--and I really do believe it's true--that one of the most important parts of a witch's practice is learning to make meditation and visualization a regular part of their day. I KNOW this...I BELIEVE this...so why, Oh WHY,. is this so hard for me to do? I mean, ya, I get busy. I have a 9 year old son and husband. I have a job. I have a home to take care of. I am sure if I really wanted to I could sit down and make a big long list of all the reasons why I have not made these things a priority in my life--I am sure we all could. The problem with this is--I KNOW I could find the time somewhere. I know there are times when my butt is sitting at this computer that I could be doing other things. So really all my excuses could fall by the wayside. In other words--they don't hold water. They just don't.
I hate Chrome's "status bubble" that only pops up sometimes. Looks like Firefox copied 'em.
I am acutely aware of how tied to technology we are, how much it rules our lives, how dependent on it we are, how we are slaves to the machines. I have read those articles which discuss the way the internet is changing our brains, how some children are addicted to their phones/computers
Beecher Stowe
image from ww2gravestone.com
--The Pack winning the Superbowl. Seriously, I was excited for the game, but I had no idea how happy I would be that they won. I'm feeling so much Wisconsin pride this week, it's unreal.
Forgive the brevity and lateness. Between new baby girl and internet and laptop issues, this is the first chance I've had to get online (seriously).
Hello there! And how was your weekend? Mine was good, I played dodgeball of all things, and I'm so sore! I guess I haven't used my dodgeball muscles in a while. Or ever. Anyway, a couple things: First! You can still enter to win the Q-Tip Prize Pack giveaway right HERE! Winner will be chosen later today. And Second! Sara from The Tang Way recently interviewed little ol' me, and you can read all about it right HERE! And Third! Here comes some better after goodness, hot and fresh from the oven for you:
1/2 cup light brown sugar
Woo hoo! The bid was reasonable, the guy was nice, the pictures looked good, I talked to 2 satisfied customers. We decided to take the plunge and hire him.
Apparently some American critics think that Jennifer Lawrence's body is 'unrealistic' for the film, stating that she should have looked 'hungrier'. Some even said that she had 'too much baby fat'. Ah...
grilled anchovies
Of course if you want to take part in our other Challenges. Please visit our Challenge website. We still have lots of Squares needed for the Owl, Irish Rose, Jan Eaton, Music, Faces, Wiggles, Snowman, Nursery Rhyme Challenge. I'm sure there is something there that will interest you.
Apparantly keeping with the water theme. Huge white head this time, cloudy again but with a more orange look to it. No clue what hop I'm smelling here, but it smells like (I'm sorry), kind of a dumpster outside a restaurant, that eerie sweet smell. Taste of the beer is not bad, strong hops, low malt, something I would like if I were on my Extra IPA kick. With this weather though I'm nearly ready for Bock season. The hops on this one are pretty tough for me, probably a big amount of American and German hops. I don't taste the apricots they say are in there. High 2 Stars.
What I'm saying is every once in awhile I wish something would happen similar to some of these movie plots that would test how I would really act. Something like a minor alien/zombie/robot invasion. That way I'd know if I'm adequately trained for the real deal. So far I've been in a couple high pressure situations, and I acted instinctively (and correctly), but there were no flesh-eating corpses, mind-scrambling extraterrestrials or homocidal machinery nearby at those times (at least none I was aware of).
Because our feelings are one
I hope today brings you all a sense of peace.
Now, while I have played Bingo in my life, this is my first Bingo Challenge! I had such fun, don'tcha know! I chose "Flowers, Pearls, & Embossing" . . . YIKES!! I just realized that it says "DRY Embossing"!! Well, like my sweet friend, Cathy, says . . . I've stretched the "rules" just a bit . . . 'cuz I am soooooo NOT dismantling this card to add DRY embossing! Mine happens to be WET embossed! Ruh roh! hehehe! Note to self, "pay closer attention to challenge details in the future!" LOL!! Grrrr!! OK, so now that we've established that I'm a scofflaw, how 'bout we take a look at my card?!
It is maintained by the Solicitor General and the amicus curiae that eight Justices are necessary to pronounce a judgment on the nullity of the executive orders in question, under section 9 of Republic Act No. 296 and Article VIII, section 10 of the Constitution. This theory is made to rest on the ground that said executive orders must be considered as laws, they having been issued by the Chief Executive in the exercise of the legislative powers delegated to him.
SET THE RECORD STRAIGHT
1 onion, diced
...In his apology Wednesday, O'Donnell admitted this mistake as well, saying he regretted that his description of Mormonism detracted from his underlying point. "Religious intolerance is wrong," he said Wednesday. "Refusing to vote for a Mormon is wrong."
~ Children are F.A.S.T.!!
"And?"
I can honestly say I have been dreading this birthday for at least a year or 2. I am no longer going to be in my 20's now it's my 30's! How did that happen? I swear just yesterday I was dying to graduate high school & now 30! My hubby is a few years older than me so when he turned 30 & HATED it, I teased him relentlessly. Now my day has come, but I will continue to remind him he will always be older than me! :)
It's Guerlain, okay?!
Speciesism, sexism, racism, and heterosexism are all bigotries rooted in the same underlying confusion that ignores morally relevant characteristics, like sentience or interest, in favor of morally irrelevant characteristics, like species or race, in providing equal consideration to others. And yet so many people are strong, passionate advocates trying to eliminate one or more of these prejudices while ironically scoffing at another. It is common to see feminists, LGBT activists, and civil rights advocates ridicule concern over speciesism while blithely ignoring the underlying implications of their dismissal. Many condemn the bigotry of others, but cannot see their own.
CALABAMA is the story of Eric Newlin, a slacker whose life is in a rut in Redding, California. Sometimes, a rut is the safest place to be. When Eric pushes against the bounds of day-to-day life, he quickly loses everything. He falls so far that a kidnapping scheme starts to sound like a reasonable way to make the money he needs to escape Calabama.
I don't long to be there or dress like that....I am
of presence and pleasure, except to be helped to bed
2 lose
Such a man. His face held the expression of one who had endured a torturous vigil, rather like the one from which Peredur could not free himself. But the face also held a beauty that hurt to see. Peredur wanted to turn his face away, but the gaze of those tormented eyes held him and despite the pain, he forced a step or two forward.
Lambert Lake
To learn more about the Aerospace Supplier Conference including information about participating and what companies will be represented there, click here.
Ultimately I believe The Voice is a step in the right direction for reality talent shows and it has my full support, but in my mind there will only be one winner, and that is whoever decides to tread in the strangely big footsteps of Fergie and let Mr I.Am make them millions.
Teachers Left Hanging
Well this was an EXTREMELY difficult job to choose our ShowCASe with so many wonderful, wonderful submissions. We thought that everyone should be congratulated on a brilliant inky job!
Betsy is creating havoc on the future and it is a future I am confused by and not sure it will be good.
Who is to blame?
I have three prizes to give away and lets start with third runner up..... (I have drawn the winners at random!) Third runner up wins one Mini-Magnolia image - which one will be a surprise!
The messenger of death is mad
2. It is rumoured that the Silurians are stealing bodies to splice with Silurian DNA to make half-human/half-Silurians.
May I introduce you to my friend Dolores, who has lived in Carroll Gardens all her life? One of the greatest pleasures of living in this neighborhood is to sit on Dolores' stoop on a summer evening and to listen to her stories about growing up, marrying and raising a son right here in Carroll Gardens.
2 digits
But THIS ham is just a sham,
This proved a worthwhile activity - not for the storage aspect but for the BARGAINS I found.
Remember: only ONE entry per person. This means ONE entry, not one per category. ONE. I want to taste the best Texas homebrewers have to offer, and we are very much looking forward to taking it with us to GABF later this year!
A photographer is searching for a woman he caught on camera nearly forty years ago.
May 14 Alburquerque, New Mexico - Dad's House w/ Story Ark
Out of no where I was actually bein affirmed for being ME! so I began to embrace myself even more, and the more I accepted, the mire beauty I found and the more I wanted to show THAT guy to the world!
A law of the universe seems to be that if you set a goal, the storms of life will immediately beset you. Plan for this in advance. Write down what you're going to do when you're sick and need to write, when you're depressed, when you get rejected, when your sales plummet, when you're overworked, when your kids are sick, etc. Know how you will handle those situations and get work accomplished anyway.
Dear Genevieve,
Hal Higdon suggests incorporating 800 m repeats into marathon training. The 800s should be run faster than marathon goal pace but not an all-out sprint. Each hard 800 should be followed by walking or jogging an easy 800.
Lame entry, I know but an entry none the less.
Driskill hired local architect Jasper N. Preston to design his hotel. Preston sat on the jury that selected Elijah E. Myers as architect of the new Capitol, and later served for a time as supervising architect of that project.
I lie
These elements were reinterpreted in a new order:
The writers are throwing weird plots and stereotypes at the viewer as if they were on sale.
Seriously one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten. And a huge improvement on my previous Tomato Pie recipe. It also reheats beautifully.
explain the merits of the law
I left Sharon to watch the grand prix on iplayer and headed for the pub. Frankly I was half way drunk before I got here, so the two pints I'm planning to have will find me either fully drunk at home or in a ditch halfway there.
Things Reviewed:
Whose mainspring is love,
23. Your computer? plodding
Alright, honestly? I've yet to read Twilight, and only cared to watch the first two movies. But then again, I haven't seen The Hunger Games movie yet either.
Each Nominee Should:
hand-painted skulls, my first attempt...
But here in Oregon I definitely did find my new home... I feel like I belong here. I love the the four seasons, my mountain that on a good day I can see in the distance. I love to have the beach nearby. I love hiking and berry picking, and weird Portland people. I love my friends and family. I have the very best friends here. I cannot possibly imagine living anywhere else. It's here that I learned what true friendship is... through highs and lows. Oregon is home. And I hope it always will be.
And I asked her a few questions ...
Please let the agent love me.
was denied to them by their British overlords, who had given the native tribes (many of whom had allied themselves with the French in the war) assurances that there would be no white settlement in Trans-Appalachia. The seeds of the American Revolution were sown, seeds which would be watered by the ideas of the Enlightenment. And practical experience in the French and Indian War (as the
Then those same people who lash the explosives to their fellow men women or children in order to blow up as many of Gods human creations as possible are saying that they are getting upset over some books being burnt.
Blogs are designed to build traffic (interested viewers) and funnel them to wherever you want them to go.
A worried woman went to her gynecologist and said:
fReAkInG out people!!!!
I've got nothing to do,
The reason is simple: we never stopped working on the problem. We only thought we did. It was a young scientist called Mark Beeman who, back in the 1990s was studying patients who had suffered damage to the right hemisphere of the brain, that realised, as he puts it:
In other words, if a man finds his bride not to be a virgin on their wedding night, he is to bring her out to be stoned by the community of men.
I also have a hilarious pic of her on the boob wearing sunglasses looking totally rock star cool... but of course I cant find it anywhere...
I admit it. I got up late and scoured my house for pictures for this blogest, and I haven't done any revision today. Aaah! However, yesterday I had met my word count revision goal, and I know I can do the same today. It just might not be until tonight when my kids are in dance class. I did do something I hadn't planned though - I changed the first three chapters (again). However, I managed to do it in a way that will coincide with chapter four pretty nicely. From here on out, it's just polish time.
List alternate methods of contact in your ads, such as your e-mail address and toll-free telephone number, to give your prospects choices on how to move forward toward a purchase from you.
Ok. It was me.
As he took
And man was there a storm yesterday. I don't know how many of you experienced it, but I got some of the really heavy rain. No tornados touched down here, but I saw a picture of a high school completely destroyed.
1 remain
The elf arrives with a bunch of fresh roses. He dumps out the last few drops of my wine bottle and puts the stems inside.
HCAD Appraised @ $142,085.00
Tabloid A smaller paper like the New York Post; tabs are usually more downmarket in tone and content than broadhseets
The design looks interesting, there was a subtle change in color, but it does not look natural; you can still see where my iris ends.
I'm dedicating this video of Mr. Bean to all students who are taking a break for Thanksgiving vacation, but who probably have some studying to do for exams that will await them when they return to campus. Take a break and enjoy the humorous side of the nervous endeavor of taking an exam and wondering if you studied the right thing!
WERE IT NOT FOR POLES LIKE POPE JP2 AND LECH WALESA EUROPE MIGHT STILL BE UNDER SOVIET DOMINATION.
Spinach, which is a rich source of lutein, appeared to offer the most protection against the disease. The researchers concluded that the carotenoids present in food may decrease the risk of developing severe cataracts.
CARE has been collecting signatures for an online petition to set up a law prohibiting animal abusers from raising animals again.
"Whatever he does for you, suklian mo. But don't go over the top. Because if you go over the top, it means, you want something else," E explained. "To maintain a fake boyfriend relationship and friends in the future, everything must be equal. If you go on other dates, you let him know, and always ask 'Do u want to meet after? Or how was your day?'"
I am honestly in awe of these people. If you throw out the fact that most of the girls look like they need a hamburger or three hundred, the cost to produce the clothes could feed a small country, and in the real world what you put on your head shouldn't matter as much as what's in it... it is pretty amazing.
We must say a big thank you to Kinderland, another community organisation that shares the burden of helping marginalised Indonesian children, for working with us to help make our dream of the Smart Cart come true.
From the solar systems of the heavens
I really need to take some photos tomorrow morning in good light - I can't believe I haven't posted the delicious projects we made at the Launch last month. My Mother's Day class was also really fun. I'm planning a Big Shot class this month, so watch out for more details about that!
The gala was much more elaborate than I expected. Food and drink were top-notch and plentiful. (I was responsible and only consumed one glass of wine). There was free valet parking, a fashion show, live auction and "after-party" with a buffet, DJ and open-bar.
Update: still trying to learn how to slow down the gif, but I did figure out a trick that seems to help.
Stillwater makes such delicious beers and everything I've tried from them has been excellent. I met the head brewer, Brian Strumke, a few years ago at a Stillwater event in Philly. He was extremely approachable and truly seemed to enjoy talking about beer and the brewing process. Stillwater Artisanal Ales is known as a gypsy brewery. While Strumke is based out of Maryland, he told me that he brews all over the place. Collaborating with other breweries and making frequent trips to Belgium seems like a pretty amazing life to me! Cheers to Brian and Stillwater for putting out another great brew.
We are in the midst of a busy weekend and a busy week ahead! I am hoping to include a post this week featuring some of the meatless meals we have been enjoying lately. In the meantime, enjoy this week's menu!
We'd like you to create a papercraft project (it does not have to be a card) that expresses an attitude of gratitude - show us some heartfelt sentiments too! Your creation can be for any occasion whatsoever, as long as it's a thank you!
Ground Turkey/Apple/Carrot Meatballs (serves 4-6)
I had some plain wooden craft blocks left from another project and decided to try something fun. I have been trying to come up with creative ways to teach my son to write. We are having lots of giggles with these.
Since my last blog post, mobile apps have taken center stage in the world of interactivity. But I'll spare you a post about apps to focus on a campaign I came across this morning on YouTube: "My Movie Pitch" sponsored by American Express & Tribeca Film.
Thank you for stopping by and if you would like to comment that would be great. I hope that you can find the time to pay a visit to my fellow team members, you are bound to find lots of brilliant inspiration.
First up...
04. Wild Fire Willie
Not every fairy tale begins with a prince or a princess.
in it there is no haste.
This is only one of the ones out there right now; they are the Pacific Crisis Fundraiser. There are so many talented designers that have put out great products for people to come buy at this location and for most of the vendors 100% of the money from the item purchased will go to the charity Americares.
Romney Also Alleged That The National Rifle Association Endorsed Him In 2002 - Another Mistake. "Romney claimed on the NBC News program 'Meet the Press' last Sunday that he received from the National Rifle Association while running for governor of Massachusetts in 2002, when it turned out the group had never endorsed him." (The New York Times, 12/22/07)
And while I reached down
Here is the 7th installment of Silver Canyon's Pantone Spring Color Series featuring work of the Jewelry on Etsy Team- http://silvercanyons.blogspot.com/2010/02/fashion-color-report-for-spring-2010_24.html
