Translation: The main health issue that caused Meyer to resign at UF was a sick program he left on life support. Meyer bolted UF because his program was imploding. He left new coach Will Muschamp with a crumbling shell of a team that was bereft of discipline, decency and depth.
"She's happy for me, but she's still on me with the grades," Williams said. "She's glad I'm getting a scholarship so she doesn't have to pay for anything. I have a 3.0 GPA, and for the NCAA (Clearing House) the only thing left to do is send my SAT scores. The academic advisor (at USF) said I am on track for admission."
Two veterans groups said in a 2007 lawsuit that the VA had made mental health care virtually unavailable to thousands of discharged soldiers through perfunctory exams, long waits for referrals and treatment, and a prolonged medical benefits process in which vets can't hire lawyers.
The council has not yet officially discussed how to boost revenue to keep from having to delve deep into the city's fund balance, currently about $13 million. McGinnis said the council explored all avenues to cut costs while thinking about how to maintain an appropriate level of service.
"You live with the contract you've got and those are the terms, so we've got to live with them," Jones said. "Ultimately, at the end of the day, everything will see the light of day."
Russ had pleaded guilty last month to manslaughter charges in connection with the October 2009 death of Keith McMahon at the Lexington Rest Home in Lakewood. The 57-year-old victim sustained a chest wound and died a month later at a local hospital.
Radon. A naturally occurring radioactive gas, it's a byproduct of the breakdown of uranium and is the second leading cause of lung cancer in the United States, he says. "It comes up out of the soil, hits the foundation and comes up into the homes and builds up to dangerous levels in the indoor air." Radon test kits range in price from $9 to $25. More information about radon and testing is at the Oregon Radon Program's website (healthoregon.org/radon).
4710 Farlin Av, $67,000
In the Century League:
Their motivation is simple, said John Grubb, a spokesman for the effort: California's education system is among the worst in the nation, the prison system is in the hands of a federal judge, there is an endless water war, "and the Legislature fails to act."
It took a few more years (1976-77 school year) and then phys ed classes went co-ed. It's hard to believe what a big change that was at the time. Today we take co-ed classes and equal athletics for boys and girls for granted. In those days, the girls really valued the opportunity they were given to have varsity teams.
A couple dozen residents attended the Oak Lodge Community Council's regular August meeting about the issue, so the council decided to schedule a separate meeting, which county planners and church representatives attended. About 150 people attended the special Aug. 30 meeting, which lasted a couple hours and was at times contentious.
But watching the reunited members of Montrose onstage - Hagar, bassist Bill Church and drummer Denny Carmassi (who also played in Gamma) with able guest guitarist Joe Satriani - was a great reminder of the band's power and poise.
Duke Ellington never won a Pulitzer Prize, but he came close. In 1965, the musical jury for the prizes recommended Ellington for the honor but the Pulitzer board, headed by the president of Columbia University, overruled the jury and refused to honor Ellington.
But the pavilion visitors see today was built in the 1950s to replace the original, which was burned down by a crazed monk. I first heard about the place during college when I read a story about the burning by the great avant-garde Japanese writer Yukio Mishima, who committed seppuku, the traditional ritual suicide, when an ultranationalist coup d'etat he organized failed in 1970.
Roger Biever feared he was jeopardizing his job when he reached for the telephone in 2003, but he decided it was worth the risk to share what he knew about a railroad injury case in Washington.
With Arizona we should take a stand.
Arizona's Department of Corrections includes such factors in its annual cost comparisons.
Survivors also include a daughter, Ashley Toler of Dacula; a son, Russell Fleeman of Dacula; his mother Bonnie Fleeman of Lawrenceville; two sisters, Faye Sammons of Lawrenceville and Donna Mitchell of Dacula; and three grandchildren.
Earlier, the 6-foot-8 forward told an Iowa-based high school sports website, metrosportsreport.com, that Badgers coach Bo Ryan has placed every Big Ten and ACC school, plus Iowa State and Marquette, on the list of schools that can't contact him.
"There are a lot of wonderful restaurants within a five-mile radius. It's just a wonderful way to incorporate exercise into something you're going to do differently. You see things you don't see in a car. It's a little less hectic than going by car," she said.
Briere did it again just 3:36 later, scoring his fourth goal of the series. Briere drove down the center lane on a 3-on-2 break, and one-timed a pass from Simmonds past Fleury for a 3-1 lead.
Michael Patriarca*
0:45: Granger missed layup.
ESPN's Henry Abbott writes that the Nuggets get great benefit from having Miller delivering passes (especially lob passes) to their "freakish athletes" -- McGee, Kenneth Faried and Corey Brewer. "There is simply no way McGee could have had his great Game 5 without Miller looking for him," Abbott writes.
Jehnee Rains, one of Portland's top dessert talents, is opening her first solo project, Suzette - a combination food cart and eatery at 2921 Northeast Alberta St., scheduled to open Sept. 24.
Ladd will do his show in a studio he will describe as "high atop the Hollywood hills." The early start time is so listeners across the country can hear it live in later hours. There is also a possibility the four-hour program will be repeated in the overnight hours for Ladd fans in Southern California.
The flimsy plotting actually allows Hayes, Sasso and Diamantopoulus to impress with routines, vocal patter and mimicry that more than do justice to the memory of the original trio of Larry Fine, Curly Howard and Moe Howard. Alas, for every chuckle one of the new movie's numbskull moments might pry loose, there is an overlong urinating contest featuring infants in a maternity ward or curtain-closing goofiness with "the Farrellys" (played by soap opera actors) warning kids about the dangers of trying out actual stooge stunts at home.
McMillan, 46, is the second-longest tenured head coach in team history (behind only Jack Ramsay), and he ranks third among Blazers head coaches with 246 wins (behind Ramsay and Rick Adelman). He became the ninth-youngest coach in NBA history to reach 450 career wins with a March 19 victory versus Philadelphia this season.
Dayahai: Vancouver 2, Berth 8
Iowa hasn't increased the tax since 1989.
The DBS Carbon also shows its age with its six-speed transmission. It's been good to the DBS since 2007, but in an era of super-fact dual-clutch transmissions or automated manuals, the lack of crispness and immediacy is becoming more apparent.
Showtimes: 7:30 p.m. April 19, 24, 25, 26; 8 p.m. April 20, 21, 27 and 28; 1:30 p.m. April 21, 22, 25, 28 and 29
Trivial Pursuit: Bet You Know It (Hasbro, $30; 2+ players; age 16+; 45 min.) The latest effort to keep the Trivial Pursuit line fresh borrows a page from Wits and Wagers. In addition to answering questions on their turns, players bet on whether their opponents will be able to answer correctly; if your bets gain you enough money, you can opt out of answering questions on subjects you don't know. It's a good wrinkle, as wrinkles go, which means that your reaction to this new version is likely to match your feelings about the original.
Randolph is reviewing bids for an independent evaluator to determine exactly how much could be saved if the squads merge.
Powell edges towards memory's blushing, pastoral tone, and then revolts. He has no urge to sanitize. This is a bold, frankly sexual book that eroticizes the liminal spaces outside sock-hops, truck stops, orchards and factory farms, bringing a whole new meaning to the migrations immortalized in John Steinbeck's novels.
In 63 appearances in 2010, Perez was 2-2 with a 1.71 ERA and 23 saves in 27 chances. He took over as full-time closer in the last three months.
Some downtown buildings contain all-electric units but do not rely solely on electricity. But a dozen buildings, comprising 1,131 apartments and condos, have been part of an all-electric rate plan, according to the alliance's research.
Jennifer Bishop-Jenkins - whose sister and brother-in-law, Nancy and Richard Langert, of Winnetka, were murdered in 1990 with their unborn child - has lobbied for the change, saying it would have allowed her a means to circumvent Cook County prosecutors who blocked her from making a victim-impact statement during the sentencing of her family's killer, David Biro.
"I think this is an opportunity for Cleveland schools to turn things around," Kasich said. "If they fail on this because of politics, the business community in Cleveland has told me they are walking away -- no more support for the levies."
512 N METTER ST $67,500
"There are still a lot of logistics up in the air, but we will do everything we can to make this a quality NFL game for the Vikings and Giants," Lions President Tom Lewand said.
Sarkozy was spending the day at home with his family in Paris.
The zoo received the mother-daughter onagers from The Wilds, a private, nonprofit conservation center in southern Ohio. Onagers resemble domestic donkeys, but are heavier and larger, with full-grown males capable of reaching up to six feet long and weighing up to 600 pounds.
On Wednesday, Senate Republicans and a dozen Democratic defectors rejected a catchall measure combining jobless aid for the long-term unemployed, aid to cash-strapped state governments and the renewal of dozens of popular tax breaks. Despite the loss, Democratic leaders predicted that a scaled-back version of the measure could pass, possibly later this week.
Mayor Bing has talked about achieving that but never acted on it. The City Council has been even more negligent over a longer period of time about providing the basics of a functioning city to Detroiters. Even Tuesday, when members were scheduled to meet about the potential loss of millions in federal money for the poor, five of nine showed up late, and one never showed at all.
Penny Pritzker: A businesswoman and philanthropist, Pritzker supports public schools as board chair of the Chicago Public Education Fund and co-director of the Pritzker Traubert Family Foundation, which invests in education and health for city children. She served as national finance chairwoman of President Barack Obama's 2008 presidential bid.
That's apparently how too many NBA players feel about playing against World Peace. Talk about someone's who's acted erratically. And needs anger management courses. Remember, he drew that whopping 86-game suspension back in 2004 for his role in the wild brawl in the Palace at Auburn Hills during that Indiana Pacers-Detroit Pistons game. And all told, he's been suspended 13 times for 111 games during his NBA career.
"We talk about maturity with these guys, and I think we've grown in that area," Matta said. "But we needed a little bit of a wake-up call there."
"Who knows? But some level of inspection seems about right," he said.
The Minnesota House has already spent more for per diem -- those daily expense payments lawmakers get -- than it had budget for the year.
Apparently, these two humanitarians have far more in common than one might imagine.
But Republican senators have forced postponements of hearings and votes in the Judiciary Committee and used their power under the chamber's rules to block any easy route to full Senate votes.
"As you know, last year we changed that," McKay said. "We took scoring plays from the coaches and put it upstairs as an automatic review for (the replay official) to confirm. If he felt it needed to be reviewed by the referee, then he stopped the game. We would use that same procedure for turnovers - fumbles, interceptions and the like."
That said, McIntire is quick to point out the park's assets.
Even so, St. Luke's already has received requests for milk from hospitals as far away as South Carolina and New Jersey.
The Cardinals' Gulf Coast League club, Palm Beach, battered Burnett for eight runs (five earned) in only 1 2/3 innings on April 11. The Pirates' affiliates were outscored by a total 24-7 in his outings.
George Balanchine's "Allegro Brillante" is, on balance, a sound addition to the company's repertoire - the kind of ballet that makes a good company stronger, even as it appeals to the audience.
Preventative Meals
Deputies have identified Jeffrey Thomas Sprenger, 22, a white man, as one of the three suspects and are searching for him. The other suspects are described as black males, age 18-22. The sheriff's office said one was described as 6 feet tall, 170 pounds, wearing a black fleece jacket and jean shorts. The other was around 5', 8", 150 to 160 pounds, wearing a dark colored hoodie sweatshirt and blue jeans.
Another possible source of confusion is that people with various types of business and individual debit and ATM cards are being issued new cards that may have different features. Most customers should have already received notices about this.
The defenders say they are overworked beyond the breaking point. Some prosecutors say they don't believe it. And the sides cannot agree on a common set of numbers to frame their dispute.
Both men agree that you should leave the dissertation on the wine's origins and profile at home with the price tag.
One reason party leaders are lining up behind May is their estimation of his potential appeal to independents, those who lean Democratic and Hispanics.
The artists hail from China, Thailand, Cameroon, India, Mexico, Bhutan, Myanmar, the Palestinian territories, Vietnam, Iraq, Costa Rica, Zambia, Russia and the United States. On one wall are squares with Arabic written on glossy tan, green and red backgrounds. In the middle of a hallway is a panoramic painting that includes a man's head in the shape of Africa. Pieces include paintings, mixed-media pieces, photographs, ink drawings and art made with charcoal.
Abdul Satar Barez, deputy governor of Faryab, said the attack occurred about 10:30 a.m. near a park in downtown Maimanah.
As the government moved the Tontos and other Apaches to a reservation at San Carlos, in the desert south of Fort Apache, the truce began to unravel. The agent in charge of San Carlos was a young man named John Clum, who clashed with the military for control of the Apaches.
We built a lot of systems then in risk management, so we already knew how to turn the switch and employ practices. In the recent financial crisis, we started watching our cash on a daily basis. Newer people would not know what to do because they'd never experienced anything like these events.
Melvin Efesoa, a 17-year-old senior, wrapped his arms around social studies teacher Harryet Freeman.
To make the pickled carrots and daikon: Place the shredded vegetables in a small bowl. In another small bowl, whisk together 1/2 cup water with the vinegar, sugar and salt, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Pour over the vegetables and toss well, pushing on them to submerge in the liquid. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight.
"It's not that hard, but you have to try to stay in the middle of the flower," says Ursula Murker of Torrance as she assembles red, white and pink blooms in a class at the hotel. "It's very fragrant, and it's fun to do," she adds. "But you have to try not to poke your finger!"
I had moved to New York just under a decade earlier, my ideas of the city formed from a lifetime of watching the movies. When I'd first arrived, I was in such movie-love with it, it was ridiculous; I'd mentally footnote every place I passed, from good movies and bad.
But Ron McCarthy, a retired Los Angeles Police Department SWAT sergeant who now does consulting work on police use of force, said male officers may be reluctant to fight with an aggressive female. "When officers try to control women, they don't want to punch them in the mouth or kick them in the groin," McCarthy said. "Police officers are not supposed to be abused physically, and they do have a right to defend themselves. What we don't want is her to be hurt unnecessarily or get shot"
The ship immediately began to flood and sink. Men vainly tried manning the pumps while Seton ordered all other passengers on deck to prepare for evacuation.
For now, Todd said he's rejected other projects his parents have pitched to him, including expanding their master suite with a bigger closet and sitting room and adding a guest casita. Their carbon footprint, he said, is big enough.
"This is something that we've been working on for quite some time, but the urgency of it comes out of the last storm," said Zimmer who is hoping to establish the city's own system, pending eventual council approval.
Tasting your way through wine country can leave you impressed with Oregon vintners' artistry but too muzzy-headed to hit the road for home. What to do while you come down from all those wine flights? If it's between 3 and 5 in the afternoon and you're near Dundee, duck into Farm to Fork and check out the elegant small plates available as the restaurant segues from its lunch to dinner menu.
Frequent sights on drives were "rum shops," combination bars and general stores that often serve as gathering places for Bajans, as the Barbadians are called.
Makes three servings. Each serving has 70 calories, 0 grams (g) of fat, 14 g of
Then, with the voice of a general, Mazzone paraphrases George Patton: "A simple plan, finely executed today, is better than a perfect plan executed next week."
The latter was the fullest flowering of singer Ace Enders' conceptual genius, and the most ambitious project ever attempted by any band on the Warped Tour circuit. It traced the dissolution of a family in the Jersey suburbs and concluded with a disc-length radio play that featured Enders talking about his psychological problems.
Local colleges and universities are no different than other organizations in this regard. With the impending launching of the new .xxx top level domains later this year, everyone with a trademark had a chance to reserve names in what's called a 'sunrise phase." Essentially, it provides some protection for organizations against domain prospectors who grab sites to use or sell at a profit.
Dave Bundy is publisher and executive editor of the Suburban Journals of Greater St. Louis. He can be reached at
Sitting in that boat off the coast of California, I thought our travel luck had finally changed - until the cell phone rang and my sister-in-law, known for interrupting romantic moments, called my wife just to ask what she was doing Thursday night. By the time my wife got off the phone, she was feeling seasick, and we were heading back to shore.
"We see a modest glimmer of hope with these data," David Blitzer, chairman of the index committee at S&P Indices, said in a written statement.
Over the last five years, Luna Park has spawned a mini chain. Owners A. J. Gilbert and Joe Jack opened the Last Supper Club only five blocks away, followed a few years later by Luna Park in Los Angeles. Our waiter told us that a Luna Park in New York is also on the way.
With $45 million from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Kane and other researchers are now following 3,000 teachers in six school districts to see if other types of evaluation -- including sophisticated classroom observations, surveys of teachers and reviews of student work -- are also good measures of teacher performance.
He says he is a strong supporter of the Second Amendment and his beliefs are guided by the Constitution.
Visitors can talk about their "hauntings and personal paranormal experiences" in an open forum at 3 p.m. April 24. A fundraiser for the event, titled "The Haunted Village: Exclusive Paranormal Investigation of the Oregon Country Settlement," will be held from 7 to 10 p.m. April 24. Admission is $15 for ages 12 and older, or $10 for ages 11 and younger.
Much akin to sister sport dodgeball, kickball is the just the latest childhood pastime turned competitive adult sport to hit the scene. And like dodgeball, it's gaining in popularity as the game is adapted for competitive adult play, but the over-arching goal is to be social and have fun.
"He apologized publicly to the president," Kucinich said. "The president accepted his apology. That should have been the end of it."
Fremont Needs a head girls varsity volleyball coach. Please contact AD Jason Townsend at (408) 522-2431 or jason_townsend@fushd.org
As a tax-exempt religious organization, the center is not required to disclose any aspect of its finances, which are under investigation by the IRS. But public records, lawsuits and a former high-ranking employee's resume all provide glimpses of its balance sheet and business dealings.
It's uncertain whether Downey will be back as Stark after "Iron Man 3," either in another solo film or a second "Avengers" tale. With his fourth Marvel flick getting under way, though, Downey said he feels he has a vested interest in the superhero business.
"Bart's a creeper."
"I had never given any thought to my Jewish heritage other than the fact that I considered myself Jewish," Chalupski said.
The strangest situation was when I was stopped for speeding by the notoriously corrupt police. When the officer pulled me over, I pretended I didn't understand Spanish, hoping he might give up and just let me go. I ended up going native. I gave the officer enough money to treat himself and his senora to a steak dinner, then was allowed to go on my way. Of course, no ticket was issued. It was both frightening and amusing.
Though well written, articulate, and amusing, the usual Sun editorial page articles come stamped with the Maryland Democratic Party's seal of approval.
A strategy that focuses on how the force will exit fails to consider how military success will be translated into political success. And a focus on extricating ourselves from a conflict rather than on achieving success - also known as victory - signals to an adversary that if he ratchets up his resistance, we will exit more quickly.
In August 2007, Nautilus ousted Chief Executive Gregg Hammann amid a plummeting stock price and slumping sales of its Bowflex and Nautilus exercise machines. Hammann was replaced temporarily by Robert Falcone, a former Nike chief financial officer.
Niehaus did not respond to a request for comment. Seitz, the caucus member who broke party ranks to vote against SB 5, disagrees with the suggestion that the process was bipartisan.
"She was a nice girl," he said.
2015 - 3 to 5 percent*
When we think of National Historic Landmarks, what comes to mind are buildings that were saved only after being threatened with the wrecking ball.
Kennedy heads the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation, which promotes the late president's memory and legacy. She presented the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award on Monday to former Iowa Chief Justice Marsha Ternus and justices David Baker and Michael Streit, all of whom were pushed off the bench in a 2010 retention vote.
Leonard Bielory, a professor in the Department of Environmental Science at Rutgers, said pollen counts in February were about 10 times higher than is typical. The rain can wash away those concerns.
In February, Assemblyman Marty Block, D-San Diego, prepared a bill at the behest of the San Diego Unified School District to push the layoff notification deadline to June 15 and final layoffs to Aug. 15, but the bill died after failing to muster support from the California Teachers Association.
Several candidates told Long during the search that they would have interest following the season. While Long said he will consider Smith and any other interested Arkansas assistant after the season, he also included a clause in Smith's $875,000 contract that allows him to reassign Smith to a "non-coaching position at any time."
Caterer Chad Harris' menu is simple, but the ingredients all have a pedigree. The chicken in the Nashville Hot Chicken is from Fulton Valley; the crispy battered wing, thigh and drumstick are piled on a sturdy slice of bread, which helps to soak up the copious amount of grease. The bread and butter pickles skewered on top make a nice contrast to the fried food, as does the macaroni and cheese, which strings like a harp when you fork into each bite.
difference in fuel spending with a 12 percent increase in revenue.
In more sensible Windows Phone news, Nokia showed off the Lumia 900, which will soon become available from AT&T. The Lumia 800 (its international predecessor) has won high marks for its superior design and build. The 900 has a larger screen (4.3 inches; worrisome, but it doesn't sound as immediately crazy as the Titan's 4.7-inch display) and 4G data speed. If it's anything like the 800, it'll truly show off Windows Phone to its greatest advantage.
TV/radio: 7:05 tonight and Wednesday, 1:05 Thursday; FSD and WXYT-FM (97.1) for all games.
"If you can't trust them, you fight them, so no one is going away."
The attorney representing the 300,000 children in the Abbott districts told the court those communities continue to suffer hardships and have already faced budget cuts this year, the first year the new formula was implemented.
The game hamfistedly tries to evoke classic moments from the film, with secondary objectives such as buzzing a control tower with a flyby or snapping a photo of an enemy plane. It's clear the designers loved "Top Gun" as much as any fan, but the execution doesn't do the action classic justice. Aficionados will notice the details that carry over from the film, but the feeling is one of nostalgia for the film more than excitement to play the game. Maybe there will be a downloadable beach volleyball level at some point in the future.
The only complaint about Benson's concert: It was over too soon. It came in at 90 minutes, a typical length, but with no opening act, the show was over by 9:15 p.m.
King intentionally walked Lofton to load the bases. Vizquel, the former Mariner, hit a hard grounder to second. Rich Amaral made the stop, and flipped to Fermin, who was thinking double play. But a hard slide by Lofton prevented him from throwing to first as Kirby scored to tie the game, 3- 3.
Prosecutor Francesco Verusio confirmed reports that prosecutors are investigating allegations the cruise liner's captain, Francesco Schettino, abandoned the stricken liner before all the passengers had escaped.
The charming thing about life is its unexpectedness. Bottled water, for instance. How did anybody come up with that? And what did the boss say when the idea was first proposed?
One fascinating effort that holds great promise comes from a
Still, for anyone resolving to lose a few pounds, here are three important tips to follow:
Worst Video
Volunteers also learn more about the nonprofits in their own backyard, where underpaid staffers and volunteers work tirelessly all year long.
She can't see anything out of her right eye. Her left is so damaged it doesn't pick up much more than shadows and bright colors. So an array of gadgets help her through the day.
The simple truth is, plastic bags are geniuses at what they do, and they have a secondary use that I and my golden retriever appreciate almost every day.
To learn more about options for saving money, investing and setting up a financial plan, check out www.investor.gov.
Iglesias performed two concerts in Venezuela on a tour promoting his latest album, "1."
Members of the inaugural Cuyahoga County Council wisely retreated Monday from a move that might have haunted the new government before it even got started. Instead of ratifying the outcome of a secret, rump meeting held by six members last Friday, the council voted 7-4 to delay the election of a president and vice president until the council officially begins its duties on Jan. 3.
More recently, my friends and I were dining at Salt House and ordered the sticky date toffee pudding cake for dessert. Again, I was pleasantly surprised by - and hooked on - the sweetm, nutty flavor combination.
Eddie Branquinho* 1,344
La Costa Canyon's Neela Mohan (Georgetown).
As a result, Palo Alto Councilman Pat Burt, who heads a consortium of six critical Peninsula cities, said local communities still fear the rail authority will eventually build four tracks. He noted that Peninsula cities weren't directly involved in the process.
Also, new federal regulations require employees to verify workers' Social Security documentation. That has proved especially disruptive to businesses in the garment industry. Los Angeles clothing maker American Apparel Inc., for example, said in July that 1,600 of its employees were not authorized to work in the U.S.
The disclosure of the letter sent Bank of America's stock tumbling 4.4% on Oct. 19, as investors grappled with concerns that the bank could be overwhelmed with such investor requests. The group has since expanded and now includes 17 investors and 167 bond deals.
Then there was March, with record-high temperatures - and a record-high number of allergens, a full month earlier than usual. There have been some complaints.
S&P today downgraded mortgage lenders Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and other agencies linked to long-term U.S. debt. Fannie and Freddie own or guarantee about half of all U.S. mortgages. Their downgrade could eventually mean higher mortgage rates.
"Well, we do have an upright trike outside," said the young Adonis. He led us back out the door to a tame-looking granny-model with a big basket behind the extra-wide seat.
By Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala and Antonio Maria Costa
Police say a Brevard County woman sitting in car outside a Denny's Restaurant tried to hide a small amount of marijuana by stashing it inside her bra, according to Florida Today.
This inversion will not be accepted quietly.
I think they fussed about tortillas too much. If you take your time and allow for resting, as with pizza, the tortilla dough relaxes and becomes easy to work with.
Bolstered by the return of junior guard Montell Cozart, who had missed Tuesday's loss to attend the Proving Grounds football combine in Phoenix, Miege pulled within 12-11 early in the second quarter.
But those are the extreme examples. For half the cities statewide, the latest estimates for July 2009 were within 3 percent -- plus or minus -- of the official count nine months later.
Both the Iowa and New Hampshire Democratic parties, in cooperation with the Democratic National Committee, also plan to hold events in each state where surrogates will respond to Republican attacks on the president's record.
Hey, Bob: The Indians hold club options on Hernandez for 2013 and 2014. Since they have not tried to void that deal, I'd say it would still be in effect at the end of the 2012 season.
"We've been struggling away with this gallery for nearly two years now," says Sanday at another bas-relief, one depicting a figure believed to be Jayavarman VII leading his troops into battle. In vivid detail, the ancient sandstone wall springs to life with charging war elephants, soldiers plunging spears into their enemies and crocodiles gobbling up the dead.
Context: While tannins in grenache generally are low to moderate, the wine can be full-bodied, in part for its alcohol. Thus, Unti recommends it be poured with dishes based on lamb, duck or game. For more everyday fare, he suggests that chicken seasoned fairly strongly with herbs be grilled and then served with the grenache.
Romney quickly referred to Perry's book, "Fed Up," in which the Texas governor said that by any measure the program was a failure. Perry also said states should be able to opt out of the program, Romney added.
He didn't know the half of it.
A nine-year pro, Wallace reiterated what he told The Plain Dealer in June -- that he wasn't going to share all his knowledge of the West Coast offense with McCoy because he wanted to beat him for the job.
The governor's office has disputed whether there's as much extra money in that fund as the Democrats say.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- It was a good day at the NBA office for the Cavaliers.
Matheny was up at dawn, ready to go to work, in no mood to reflect, dawdle or otherwise waste time. It was perhaps the most important day of his baseball life, his first official game as a major-league manager. So he looked at video, read scouting reports, studied numbers.
And making sure drug stores are not selling cold medicine over the counter bought this week that expired in January?
Last year, the nine leases brought in nearly $1 million, but after expenses and taxes, the city netted about $240,000.
"The Legislature and its leadership have perfected shell games to an art form," said Jon Coupal, president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association.
But, as Kastle wryly pointed out in his interview for the Criterion DVD, he at least was always able to say, "I never made a bad film after 'Honeymoon Killers.' "
Why? Despite our growing pains, everything in Edge City is up to date.
For awhile there, missed tackles and sloppy defense were costing Howard points and wins. But the Lions really got their show together down the stretch, holding high powered Reservoir and Hammond to only 13 combined points in the last two weeks, to get into the postseason. They're certainly the underdog against River Hill, but I've learned not to count the Lions out.
Seats: 80 (plus 35 on the patio); private room for up to 40
But before the Timbers play the Sounders, there's this not-so-small matter of their game against Montreal at 5 p.m. today at PGE Park. The Timbers know they cannot afford to overlook the Impact in their quest to continue climbing up the division standings and run their United Soccer Leagues unbeaten streak to 12.
1 small cucumber, peeled and cut into cubes (about 2 cups)
"The irony is the health insurance companies are helping us get ballot signatures by getting people so angry," said Jamie Court, the group's president.
France is a traditionally Catholic country where church and state were formally separated more than a century ago, when Muslims were barely a presence. Today, it sees itself as a proudly secular nation: Few Catholics attend church regularly and small-town churches are crumbling - while growing demand for prayer rooms means Muslims pray on sidewalks and streets.
That night I also sliced into Lola's signature Beef Cheek Pierogi ($12, two) so I could mix the chopped cheek in the dish's creamy horseradish sauce. Mmmm.
"It would be nice to take the family and go to Yellowstone for a week," said Rob Bootsma, a retired consultant. "There just isn't time. It's not a sacrifice. It's just different."
The U.S. push into China comes at a critical time for Hollywood: With income from some longtime cash cows, including DVD sales, collapsing, China is one of the globe's biggest untapped revenue sources.
Fee: $250 per show at senior centers. Shows for charity are free.
Browns receiver
The Kansas City Star is providing an update of home values for Jackson, Johnson, Platte, Clay and Wyandotte counties on one site. The Star obtained the appraised values from county officials, who determine a home's value by examining sales of similar properties and evaluating its location, condition, living space and other factors.
Athletes weren't the only people exerting themselves Saturday.
Trevor Elkins, is a bit of an anomaly. Running in the Democratic primary against two lawyers, his own education stopped with a high school diploma, and his personal background includes a personal bankruptcy filing in 2005 and a DUI conviction in 1998.
The difference he made: The film explores the nature and consequences of the "father wound," the most universal affliction on the planet, according to Hunt. Franciscan spiritual leader and author Richard Rohr popularized the term, which he used to describe the negative psychological and developmental effects on children when they lack positive emotional contact with their fathers.
Unless, of course, the generational gods decide otherwise.
An order from the BPU shows that JCP&L will start offering a 3 degree temperature increase option, either instead of or alongside the 6- and 9-degree temperature increases.
Amy Goldsmith, director of the New Jersey Environmental Federation, said independents are better off working for trucking companies. She cited Bensman's study at Rutgers, showing independents earn about $28,000 annually, drive old rigs, have no health insurance and are the most at risk from diesel fumes blamed for 8,300 respiratory-related deaths a year.
Rooms for rent
Shirley Hatchel, Cordier's mother, was present for the verdict along with Megan Cordier, the victim's daughter.
Republican lawmakers who supported SB 5 have said they are considering re-introducing parts of the bill that had public support, such as the requirement that public workers pay at least 15 percent of their health care cost.
Dumb as a turnip, I grimace, mumble something that to her ears sounds somewhat insulting, and am rewarded with the usual slap on my head by the still-scalding spatula. Oh, me Ma! I associate fried chicken with pain and pleasure.
Bayonne Police said two small, private helicopters were forced to do an emergency landing in Mercer Park due to weather conditions. There were no injuries and no damage reported.
25
"People around here eats his steak, eats mine and they like mine better," said Olivieri, who calls his adversary the Court Jester of Steaks. "That's what other people say. I don't say that."
Walk, co-author of "Illinois Birds: A Century of Change," published by the University of Illinois' Institute of Natural Resource Sustainability, feels the same. "Even though they're dirt common, I just think they're really attractive birds," he said. "If they were really rare birds and people had to climb mountains to see them, they'd be, 'Ohhhhh...'"
332 Ladue Lake Dr, $485,000
Davidson said organizers decided to change to a better-quality paper for the tickets, which also contributed to the delay.
The siblings had been sought in connection with the fatal stabbing of 51-year-old Joseph Cotta, who was attacked outside a home on the 200 block of Cleveland Avenue about 1:45 a.m. April 27.
"There's zero follow-through on anything," said a teacher at Roosevelt Middle School in East Germantown, who like many teachers interviewed, feared retribution if named. "We've had kids hit teachers and not gotten suspended. . . . Nothing happens."
Maria Medina's life is littered with the destruction of diabetes.
To preserve minority-represented districts under the federal Voting Rights Act, Democrats vastly expanded city congressional districts by stretching the boundaries to the suburbs and beyond.
"I'm planning on sabotaging you at every chance I get," Higgins said. "You might want to tell your office staff to not accept any packages from the city of Camas."
8:10: LL's nicknames for artists include "Sir O.G. McCartney." Taylor Swift ... his "girl from around the way."
After a brief boom in the aftermath of the movie's initial release, visits to Halifax's Maritime Museum and the city's Titanic cemeteries slowed from a torrent to a trickle, many Haligonians say. And in the local annals of disaster, they sometimes add, Titanic is neither the newest nor the deadliest. It's not even the only White Star ship.
An early afternoon fire at an apartment complex on Pinata Way in Sacramento displaced three families and damaged all the units in a fourplex Sunday.
"You can't get much closer than this, and the girls played their hearts out," Ricker said. "Those kids in the locker room are pretty devastated. They were ready for this game, and they were prepared and we executed in this game until about the last minute."
The Republican-controlled Ohio Senate passed its version of the budget Wednesday that contains a provision it describes as a Medicaid cost containment worth $42 million but was also generous to nursing homes.
The numbers speak for themselves. More than 340 blighted homes have been demolished. In partnership with private developers, more than 50 distressed homes have been renovated. And 1,040 properties have been acquired so shady speculators can't rent them out or dump them for a profit without correcting violations.
Three Sixty's tapas-style menu is ideal for sharing, so we tried a wild-mushroom pizza ($14), accented with goat cheese and caramelized onions. I wished I hadn't shared it. On a previous visit, we fell in love with Korean barbecue tacos (three for $9).
Landa said her research shows that children can be diagnosed at a year old, but only half of cases will show symptoms at that age. Children need to be screened again at age 3 and again later. In the CDC report, the median age of diagnosis was 5.6 years, though officials said more children were diagnosed by age 3 than in the past.
"As a leisure carrier, we found the Washington-Baltimore area to be both a strong leisure destination for Germans as well as a local travel market with strong demand for travel to Germany and across Europe," he said. As a major hub for Southwest, BWI provides easy connections across the United States for European travelers, he added.
Among U.S. companies, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. fell 2 percent after saying it would buy the U.S. retail operations of Royal Bank of Canada for $3.45 billion. The deal will make PNC the fifth biggest U.S. bank with 2,870 branches.
Brindle said the decrease is partly due to state and local pay-to-play laws, which ban large contributions from companies with contracts. He also cited the lagging economy.
BOYS TRACK AND FIELD / CROSS COUNTRY
The second half starts and once again, the Patriots get the ball. First play, Brady zings a 21-yard completion to Chad Ochocinco. Brady went 6-of-6 on the drive for another 54 yards, and another touchdown, this one a 12-yard pass to an embarrassingly wide-open tight end Aaron Hernandez. (Read that sentence before, Bronco fans?)
Meanwhile, they wrote, "a large proportion of patients with common mental disorders do not receive needed treatment because their primary care providers do not detect their conditions."
The committee meets again next month.
Prosecutors say Williams was found in a park in Neptune in June 1997 after being beaten, burned, tied up, hanged, choked and stabbed.
1851: The United States and Mexico agreed to conduct a survey to define the border between the two countries. They used the Disturnell map, which was inaccurate.
"It's a musical celebration of the season, with narration woven in to take people on a musical journey," said Tim Friesen, the school choir director.
THE LITTLE TRAITOR
The trouble started in June when Harris was pulled over on I-5 near Albany after a state trooper clocked him going 118 miles per hour. It turned out that Harris was behind the wheel of a rental car borrowed from an employee of the UO business affairs office, and driving with a suspended license. He had a number of unpaid traffic violations at the time of the stop.
For the all the stressing over this year's 18-game gauntlet of a Big 12 basketball schedule, the thing could be over before anybody breaks a sweat.
The super moon will appear about 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter than normal full moons and will be the brightest of 2012.
These tender pork-filled dumplings are served in an addictively spicy chili garlic sauce; look for them on the appetizer section of the menu.
Maybe the larger problem is his point of view. He begins his article by criticizing the festival's mission "to break the barriers of stereotypes" because the lineup does "not actively push that agenda" because of (in part) our film about mariachi music. Maybe he doesn't realize mariachi is the national music of Mexico? By that rationalization, every American film with jazz or the blues must conform to stereotype. I think he's confusing breaking stereotypes with something else. Just because a Mexican plays mariachi music doesn't make them a stereotype. Just like a Chicagoan playing the blues doesn't equate stereotype. What is stereotypical, is an American assuming that every Mexican holiday is Cinco de Mayo.We would appreciate it if Mr. Stamets could rethink his (admittedly brief) comments about our film and his view of Chicago Latino Film Festival's mission and lineup in a context that maybe he isn't (as of yet) qualified to make them.
"A teammate of DWade & Chris Bosh just won MVP because so many so badly want to forget how clutchless he is and see him win his 1st ring," ESPN analyst Skip Bayless tweeted.
Unfortunately, it's a good idea with about as much a chance of becoming law as getting away with counting cards and beating the house on a regular basis.
And when asked how much Ware was fined for running into him, without missing a beat, Coughlin shot back, "Uh, he's no longer with the team."
Favorite musician: Lady Gaga, Taylor Swift, Kid Cudi and Vivaldi
sentence.
The heavy demand for the new Jordan was an anomaly in the current retail climate. While affluent consumers are spending freely, lower-middle-class shoppers, like many of those buying Jordans, have proved increasingly frugal.
On sale at Apple Stores nationwide beginning at 8 a.m., the new iPhone 3G could be in the hands of 10 million people by the end of the year, ushering in the next generation of on-the-go computing.
Sure, you can take to the river or cruise on up to Tahoe to soak up the unofficial end of summer. But wouldn't you rather spend a few days walking the dusty streets of Old Sac, circa 1850, dodging mock gun battles, grooving to banjo ditties, listening to one of the 22,000 Mark Twain impersonators in the U.S., and raising a fist at the women's suffrage rally? Of course you would. The best thing about Gold Rush Days is that you leave your irony at the swingin' saloon doors and you can drop your g's while speakin' with impunity without comin' off like some freakin' poseur.
This time, Cotton squeezes back.
Wearing a Vietnam veteran cap, Rico Piccard, 64, called the label an "insult.
This left Wilf furious because Childress did not consult with ownership before making his decision.
Said Shafer, "I really wanted to get the people who made the prints into the building so that you as a customer can go up to their booth and talk to the publisher or the artist, to hear it straight from the horse's mouth."
Closing the skills gap is also critical to Cleveland's future success. Manpower's latest Talent Shortage Survey found that 52 percent of U.S. employers are experiencing difficulty filling mission-critical positions within their organizations. That's up from 14 percent in 2010, and local employers are feeling the same pain.
In general, as the free throws illustrated, the Cavs didn't have much margin for error. The Nuggets outrebounded the Cavs, something that doesn't happen often, and it allowed Denver to get 18 second-chance points. Combined with the 18 points the Cavs allowed off turnovers, the Nuggets prevailed -- despite giving up 50 percent shooting.
Today at Harry P. Leu Gardens, the acre called Mary Jane's Rose Garden is one of the largest formal rose gardens in Florida, and the home where the couple long resided is open to visitors and is on the National Register of Historic Places. (Harry Leu died in 1977; Mary Jane, in 1986.)
Height/weight: 6-0, 185.
But a trip from the mountainous countryside of the largely rural west to the historic coast shows Massachusetts residents still grumble about property taxes and provides hints of what may happen if New Jersey adopts a similar restriction.
Firefighters and police officers at the scene tried knocking of the door repeatedly and called the residence's phone number, but according to records, no one answered.
"Where do you draw the line? It's disappointing that they let themselves be swayed by you guys. I understand you guys have a lot of power, but sometimes you have to make decisions without what the press is campaigning for."
Christie said he thrust himself into the middle of the redistricting battle because he was there to "support my team."
He worked with Morhmann in "Boy Gets Girl" at Capital Stage, and the former student said working with Murphy in college always resulted in growth.
Meyers acknowledges the sleight of hand in this. "They call it 'free cancellation,' but you're paying extra for it," he said.
What prompted the decision to send the letters, Walsh said, was evidence that medical marijuana is being diverted to youths. For instance, a report published last year by Denver Health drug-treatment doctor Christian Thurstone found that, of 80 kids admitted for substance-abuse treatment, nearly half said they had received marijuana from someone with a medical-marijuana license.
The Giguieres farm 40 acres of tempranillo, perhaps more than any other grower in California. And across Road 92B from Crew Wine Co., they've ripped 400 acres of a newly acquired 2,100-acre spread for additional vineyards and olive orchards, including 30 more acres of tempranillo. (Slightly less than 1,000 acres of tempranillo are grown in California.)
1/2 oz. fresh lime juice
But many analysts are skeptical that a plan to force them to boost provisions this year will be enough.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- After guiding Ohio State to the Final Four, two-time All-America forward Jared Sullinger figured he might as well see what he could do for an NBA team.
The Arizona Revised Statutes outline the attorney general's primary duties, including representing the state in litigation.
Kanaan, who drives the No. 11 Geico Chevy/Dallara for KV Racing Technology, was in the Motor City on Wednesday to promote the Chevrolet Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix (June 1-3). He talked about his two accidents on the island, met with 600 GP volunteers at a function on Belle Isle and visited the Detroit Medical Center, where he was airlifted by helicopter after his vicious collision with the wall in 2000.
Overall, Hulu is a big improvement over rivals such as Joost, which requires you to download a player that plants itself on your desktop and keeps jabbing you in the ribs with annoying pop-ups and invitations to share content with your friends. When I was settling down to watch an episode of the old ABC drama "Twin Peaks" and tried to remove a Joost pop-up for a credit-card company, I instead got kicked immediately into a commercial for the same advertiser. Not fun.
"New Meadowlands Stadium," said Jon Bon Jovi. "I like it, I like it, I like it."
Attendance decreased for five clubs. D.C. United's attendance was off five percent, while Dallas (13 percent) and San Jose (31 percent) suffered the largest declines.
He stated his expectation that Illinois should compete for Big Ten championships, and when the football and men's basketball teams finished their seasons with significant swoons, he moved quickly.
First came the news that Orange County would be saying "bienvenido," or "welcome," to service from John Wayne Airport to Cabo San Lucas and Mexico City. Target date: June.
A society that rewards those that constantly move forward tends to ignore the emotional and psychological benefits of simply taking a step back.
Granted, Michael Golamco's new play, "Year Zero," treads familiar ground. But at least the treading is done by characters we don't often see -- young Cambodian-Americans, trying to carve a space and an identity for themselves.
Now, Obama says the rationale is that Syrian President Bashar Assad is killing civilians and continuing to support terrorism.
Higginbotham, an airline pilot, community organizer and St. Louis resident with a couple of doctorates in religion, speaks in biblical tones and with no small aims about the market's capacity to change a community where many residents are stuck in unhealthy eating patterns and suffer poor health.
University officials stress that they won't start project until they identify the necessary funding. Interim Provost David Robinson said today that the university had adequate debt capacity to issue an additional $30 million in bonds to fund the expansion of the first building and the infrastructure for the second, in part because OHSU's credit rating recently was upgraded.
In a recent statement by the Maryland Catholic Conference, the Catholic bishops of Maryland extolled the right of religious freedom ("U.S. Catholic bishops to meet in city this week," Nov. 14). I couldn't agree more.
That's why I've called on Congress to take the money we're no longer spending at war, use half of it to pay down our debt, and use the other half to rebuild America.
"It runs through our entire economic development strategy," Richter said. "We're not as committed to growing small businesses as we are to stealing from somewhere else."
Rob Rang, senior draft analyst for NFLDraftScout.com, said he didn't pay much attention to Thomas last season because he didn't expect him to enter the draft. But his early impression of Thomas led him to project him to be a sixth- or seventh-rounder, and possibly an undrafted rookie free agent.
Bruce looked at one sign and said "that's too old!" The request was for "Jennifer" a Steel Mill song.
Also hired for Singh's consulting team was Angela Adkins, who trained psychologists in behavioral treatments. She calls Nirbhay Singh her mentor, published research with him and taught meditation through a nonprofit he started. In 2010, she married his son.
Information from witnesses and family members led investigators to Gates, Hundelt said.
Time/place: 9 to 11 a.m., Penton Media Building Conference Center (main lobby), 1300 E. Ninth St., Cleveland.
9800, Michael Gentile, Short Hills, 3:59:26.
For more information and entry rules, visit
But most small businesses are still not online, let alone investing in location-based advertising services. That's a couple of generations down the line for them.
On Jan. 28, the Dania Beach Vintage Motorcycle Show will celebrate the love of motorcycles (without the crime and death) at an event now in its sixth year in the beachside town south of Fort Lauderdale. The weather in January is dandy for riding, with temperatures hopefully not venturing into the sticky, summery realm of the high 80s and 90s.
(Manual transmission models, where available; not including destination charges)
As first impressions go, Sunday's loss was a mixed bag of good, bad and patented Cubs-ugly.
The test GS was a surprise on many levels. Exterior styling was upscale and not brawny, even though rocker panels, a different grille and a slightly lower-to-the-pavement stance differentiated it from other Regals.
The Georgia Department of Transportation has been struggling to get public-private toll road projects off the ground since a state law established such a program in 2003. The agency is currently looking for a private investor to expand I-75 and I-575 in Cobb and Cherokee counties. That oft-delayed project was supposed to go out for bid in June but was just delayed again. The DOT is waiting to see if Georgia wins a federally subsidized loan for the project.
That grinding noise you hear is the sound of Republicans gnawing on one another.
"He shared some of his experience of being a new father. He's a very nice man, and he represents our country in a good way. He's definitely a great communicator, and I appreciate him talking to me."
The agency says there is enough evidence that Davis-Besse's owner, FirstEnergy Corp., is now committed to safety first -- an apparent faith in a company that, just eight years ago, was one of the least trusted reactor operators in the nation because of sloppy maintenance that allowed unprecedented corrosion of the reactor's lid.
Gina Morris and her business partner, Celeste Sipes, were early believers in the West End. They launched Radish Underground about three years ago, about the same time a few other independent designers moved in. Some of the others have since closed, yet the pair have worked to support those who are left.
Leonard responded by calling Greek Cusina the "most hazardous bar and restaurant I've ever seen," saying it was just a spark away from endangering customers and firefighters.
View full sizeThe Associated PressReto Francioni, chairman of Deutsche Boerse AG, holds a news conference today in Frankfurt, Germany, to announce his company's merger with NYSE Euronext. He will serve as the chairman of the combined company. NEW YORK -- The parent company of the New York Stock Exchange has agreed to be acquired by the operator of the Frankfurt stock exchange in a deal that will create the world's largest financial markets company.
After being part of 20 state championships -- 14 since he took over as head coach -- and a pair of national titles, Jackson felt comfortable calling it a coaching career. Jackson, 55, will continue to teach physical education at Falcon Ridge Middle School in Apple Valley.
Wilde Lake led for much of the meet, despite battling a number of problems with injury and illness, but the Gators came on at the end.
Later this year, tourists will be able to visit SS Nomadic, the handsome little steamship that ferried passengers - including the richest man aboard, John Jacob Astor - to the Titanic during its stop in Cherbourg, France. Previously a floating restaurant beside the Eiffel Tower, it has been brought back to Belfast and is being lovingly restored.
Where's the best place to live in Greater Cleveland?
Thursday's 228-191 vote, mostly along party lines, will fuel the robust debate that is playing out not only in Congress but also on the campaign trail. Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has embraced the GOP proposal, which is sharply at odds with President Obama's blueprint that includes higher taxes on the wealthy and corporations.
Lauran Neergaard, AP medical writer
"I thought Paulson, Geithner, President Bush, President Obama -- versus when you look back on Clinton and Bush, remember when they said people were stripping stuff out of the White House, remember all those tales? -- these two actually handed it off like mature adult organizations. And it benefitted this area in particular, and it should have.
This restaurant on Eagle Creek reservoir offers dinner on Friday and Saturday until 11 p.m. and a summer bar menu of appetizers and pizza until 1 a.m.
Browse through supermarkets and hardware stores. They're a great source for kitchen gadgets and condiments local people use.
Fourth-quarter profits were $69.8 million, 43 cents a share. That improves on profits of $60.3 million, 40 cents a share, in the fourth quarter a year earlier.
Other key dates
What if Angela Corey, the Florida state attorney overseeing the case, comes across what she believes is irrefutable evidence of Zimmerman's innocence or guilt. Is she still required to go before the grand jury?
Click on play and then tell us if you think the Indians are still in the race by posting in the comments section below.
"We get to try new stuff that we normally wouldn't try," said Blackburn as she added diced peppers to her calzone filling. "And it's all right there for me. The other nice thing is, I don't have to clean up."
grandeur of opening night at the Metropolitan Opera - with its red
Ignition Partners managing director Frank Artale, who will join AppFog's board, said the company's backers favored a large investment round to enable rapid growth -- three to five times its initial developer base.
Academic bio: Tiger Choice Award (three years) ... high honor roll (four years) ... Ayn Rand Institute Anthem Essay Contest semifinalist (2010) ... Girls State nominee ... Value of Education Essay Contest honorable mention (2010) ..."Do the Right Thing" Award (2011) ... Senior Homecoming Court (2012) ... Illinois State Scholar (2012) ... Silver Medallion Award (2012).
WASHINGTON -- Wells Fargo & Co. does not plan to halt foreclosures despite an employee's testimony that she signed up to 500 foreclosure documents daily without reading them.
Jazz fans take note: There's a show coming up that you probably won't want to miss.
AT&T has made its internship program more robust. Interns will be paired with a mentor, receive mid- and end-of-program feedback on their performance and be given opportunities to shadow executives in the company, among other things.
Perhaps speaking for himself, too, he added, "And he's ready to do that."
Matt Bahr's conversion gave the Browns a 7-6 lead, and Houston's defense was never the same.
Nonetheless, Dykes was allowed to continue to spend time with the boys in the program, Clark said. McEwen contacted the parents of the 17 Scouts but "did nothing to warn the other parents of boys within Timur Dykes' reach and grasp," Clark said.
THE BEST WAY TO NELSON
The decline in the U.S. mortgage delinquency rate follows two quarters of increases. But barring any severe shocks to the U.S. economy, the rate is expected to continue easing, said Tim Martin, group vice president of U.S. Housing for TransUnion.
She said her ex-husband spent a lot of time studying the cases of Ramsey and Polly Klaas, who was abducted from her Petaluma, Calif., home and slain in 1993.
The video ended with a pep talk from Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis. Wearing a new cartoon-bird Orioles cap and jersey, Lewis gave the team a message about competition and being accountable.
SANTA ANA - A pilot in a single-engine aircraft had to make an emergency landing when the plane's landing gear failed just before midnight Tuesday at John Wayne Airport.
The news was cheered by Jeff Tittel of the New Jersey Sierra Club who opposed the plan. The idea was to generate off-peak electricity at night, and then sell it to a regional grid for use during the day, when demand is higher.
2122, Katy L. Sears, Vancouver, 3:35:55.
"It's the holiday season and you're very busy. Not enough technicians? How about training your salaried employees to install services on their weekends?
With the economy again in flux, however, Richardson, the county economic development director, said he is unsure what the latest economic uncertainties will mean when BRAC is taken into account.
On a recent summer day in San Francisco, the Tamale Lady celebrated her 57th birthday at Zeitgeist bar.
The Predators went on a second power play at 12:10, and a third at 16:20. Less than a minute after Jonathan Ericsson was sent to the penalty box, fellow penalty killer Justin Abdelkader followed, leaving the Wings short two skaters for over a minute.
Brandom's bill, introduced on Jan. 18, set off a frenzy of activity from opponents. The Louisville, Ky., company that sells Zig-Zag brand wraps hired a Jefferson City lobbyist on Jan. 24, and another on Jan. 31.
Then, Dickson dispatches the smart cop and his none-too-swift partner back to high school. Because of a clerical error, Schmidt finds himself in the drama department and Jenko with the chemistry nerds. Given the changes in high school culture, the qualities that made Schmidt an outsider when he was a senior now admit him to the in crowd. Alas for Jenko, meatheadedness is so 2005.
We'll let the diversity of nominations speak to that. They include the biggest businesses operating in the state, which clearly see the wisdom, opportunity and, critically, potential wealth creation of a new economy based on sustainable production, building, transportation, eating and, well, living.
Use household items to feed and treat plants
When asked if he would play for the Yankees, Ortiz answered, "That's something I gotta think about. I've been here on the Red Sox a long time, and I've seen how everything goes down between these two ballclubs.
Critical stage
"I don't want to talk about it," Scott moaned. "The wrong team won."
Carrie Snow, a registered dietitian and former chef new to the Portland school nutrition program, is trying to dial back expectations that every student will yearn for roasted zucchini.
Seal Rock Inn Restaurant, 545 Point Lobos Ave. (near 48th Avenue); (415) 386-6518 or sealrockinn.com/restaurant. Open 6 a.m.-4 p.m. weekdays, until 6 p.m. weekends.
After taking part in Thom's Amazing Waxing Demonstration in front of the fireplace at the chalet, Thom Perkins, executive director since 1975, tells us about the Jackson Groomed Trail Challenge in which participants try to ski all 60 miles of groomed trails in a single day.
Instructions: Start bringing 1 1/2 quarts of salted water to a boil in a large saucepan. Prepare a bowl of ice water.
In truth, they are building on strong foundations. The Olympics represent the latest chapter in a rebirth that has seen the deprived Cockney town of caricature evolve into a beacon of urban regeneration, home to the best of London's ethnic cuisine, diverse entertainment and progressive arts.
Kuniskis said adding dealers remains a priority and the network should be close to 200 by the end of 2013.
Japan is the world's second-largest producer of automobiles after China, and is a top trade partner with the United States, which imported 1.2 million vehicles from Japan in 2009. The earthquake, tsunami and radiation from damaged nuclear power plants have raised concerns of falling supplies of high-mileage cars made only in Japan. Those models include the Honda Fit and Toyota Yaris and hybrids such as the Toyota Prius.
In a healthier world, Congress should have argued for different option. In January, the U.S. Department of Agriculture issued new guidelines for school lunches, as mandated by a 2004 act of Congress. The new rules called for limiting starchy vegetables, reducing sodium and raising the amount of tomato sauce that could be considered a vegetable serving, among other changes. The frozen pizza and french fry lobby was not pleased. According to the New York Times, the food industry spent $5.6 million lobbying against the new rules.
"When something makes sense in a musical, it's not about the plot," Isaacson said. "It's about singing, which is larger - and larger still at the Muny."
The Rockwell Aero Commander 690 had been recently purchased by Hardy's company.
There is no cap on the number of fees that may be waived in a day or the number of times a customer may overdraw her account and settle up the next day, Walsh said.
The problem lies in how gasoline demand, both domestic and foreign, is calculated. The EIA looks at demand as a whole, then estimates how much is used domestically and how much is sent overseas.
Smith gives Magic some material for their bulletin board by adding: "It was surprising, knowing that we are a better team. They understand that they
"We have not talked to the NFL," Walter said.
Hunt and Landers were found on Dec. 19 dead in the trunk of a car in the 14400 block of Promenade in Detroit, and Curtis and McCrary were found were found on Dec. 25 inside a burned car in the 14900 block of Lannette in Detroit.
Today, new mothers sign up at Amazon Mom for regular diaper deliveries. This is a 21st-century permutation of an innovation in long-distance commerce that began in 19th-century Chicago.
On Monday, a group of New Jersey legislators introduced resolutions in the Senate and Assembly calling on Congress and President Barack Obama to address the growing privacy concerns or scrap the scanners.
Arthur Jacobson has lived in a neighborhood near Town Lake since 1962. He is a longtime critic of the lake.
Sunday, in over 21 minutes of ice time, he did not have a shot on goal. That's the first time that has happened in 70 games, dating back to Nov. 23 against Columbus.
* Joanne Smith, 56, of West Park Avenue in Vineland, was arrested Friday and served with a warrant.
"It wasn't a hard decision," she says of joining "The Sing Off." "I have a background in a cappella music and went on the show during the finale last year. It's really intriguing to me. I love that genre of music."
Weaver (4-0), a California native who played at Long Beach State, began the ninth by quickly retiring Jamey Carroll on a routine fly and striking out Denard Span looking.
Arbitrator John G. Crawford decided to give Chambers one last chance to respond and had a notice taped to his door in October. Crawford told Chambers in a letter that he'd issued a draft ruling in Durham's favor and if Chambers didn't show up to the hearing, the ruling would be final.
The latest edition of Baseball America paints a devastating picture of the Sox' lack of commitment to the international market (especially when compared to the Rangers). How long, realistically, will it take for the team to close the gap? It's an important question given the obvious lack of talent on the major league roster. Michael Peregrine, Glencoe
Bernert's family has been on the river since the 1880s, operating enterprises including a tugboat company, a marine construction business and a concrete company.
Frusciante was an 18-year-old wunderkind when he stepped in to fill the void left by Slovak.
Brown believes the presence of multiple tax initiatives on the November ballot could hurt the chances of any of them passing. But the Democratic governor has been unable so far to bring his own party together around his initiative to raise the state sales tax and income taxes on California's highest earners.
Third period: 4, RV, Riccatone (Kuhn, Maes), 5:50 pp. 5, RJ, Wigton (Wagner), 15:05. Penalties: Carothers, RJ (tripping), 5:32; Riccatone, RV (head contact), 8:59.
Cerf and Christie also announced a new method of testing high school students for college readiness.
"They may not be getting much attention but, at minimum, they feed into a narrative that I imagine will be part of her campaign - that she works to see that taxpayers' money is not wasted," he said.
A broken-and-braced utility pole at the corner continues to test the laws of gravity many months after a run-in with a car. "I don't know how it's still standing," said the Road Rant lookout, who lives in the neighborhood. Two bulky support beams and various straps bolster the damaged pole. Someone even snaked yellow "CAUTION" tape around it.
Oswalt ran through Perlozzo's protests and scored when Huff cut off an apparent on-target throw from Torres.
French is running in District 1, which encompasses Bay Village, Fairview Park, North Olmsted, Rocky River, Westlake and all but Precinct D in Olmsted Township. French said he is eager to tackle social issues and promote lakefront development if he is elected.
to furious.
Kucinich, Marilley and Gans agree on that point: To many Democrats, Obama's performance dampened their enthusiasm in the midterm elections. They believed his economic stimulus was not too large but, rather, too small to repair the economy.
316 Buckhurst Dr, $291,000
The Rangers, bracing for the possibility Hamilton will demand a longer contract than they're willing to provide, considered signing Fielder, a slugging first baseman, this past winter. They figured Fielder would not only anchor their offense but also make it much more palatable to let Hamilton walk away.
Built in 1980, the house has four bedrooms and two and one-half baths, county records show. It sits on a lot measuring 76 feet by 163 feet.
Senate President Pro Tempore David Long, R-Fort Wayne, announced Monday that Sen. Brandt Hershman, R-Buck Creek, was his pick to fill the Senate's No. 2 position.
The embarrassing episode threatened to mar Obama's meetings with 32 fellow leaders from the Caribbean and North, Central and South America.
Tax money could be crucial for Breakthrough, which already depends on $4.5 million a year in donations for 24 percent of its budget.
Chandra said his agenda encouraged McGinty and other candidates to pledge to depoliticize and reform the prosecutor's office.
"Both headline and core inflation should be a lot lower by the end of this year," said Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics, in a note to clients.
By Brent Snavely, Detroit Free Press
Carolyn says: "Nothing but misery"? Wow.
Note that no group is yet brave enough to call itself the Let's Gamble More Coalition or even -- to adopt the industry's language -- Michiganders for the Advancement of Gaming. Any proposal that hopes to earn voters' trust should at least start with a name that clearly states its intentions.
Jesus was a rabbi, a teacher, and the first lessons we can learn from him come from the sermons, parables and other instruction recorded in the New Testament Gospels. Three of his favorite themes, for example, are money (how to use it wisely), forgiveness (how to do it often) and self-righteousness (how to avoid it at every turn).
Schoedel says the Village at Mackenzie Place shows how state and federal historic tax credits, now in jeopardy in Missouri, mean the difference between success or failure for a developer seeking to renovate a historic building.
And you have Streep.
Keenan said Laub would finish the year with Westlake, where he has worked since 2008.
Prior to Saturday, the program's best finish at state was fifth.
Bart now lives with Mr. Castiglioni's son.
7.The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest, Stieg Larsson, Knopf, $27.95
River City Casino opened last year along the Mississippi River south of downtown St. Louis in Lemay.
He said the Flyers were ready to bounce back from Tuesday night's loss in Game 2.
The ruling Monday by federal Judge Robert Sweet challenging whether anyone can hold patents on human genes was expected to have broad implications for the biotechnology industry and genetics-based medical research.
Protests were held outside the locked doors at other churches, including the Slovak parish at St. Wendelin, the Hungarian parish at St. Emerik and another Slovak parish at St. John. Other nonethnic parishes, such as the massive St. Patrick church, formed the group Endangered Catholics, which won political endorsements in an organized protest against the diocese. Those churches are among the ones ordered reopened.
Cassidy said several local hospitals have contacted her as they prepare to institute their own donor milk programs.
The company also agreed not to move consumers into new contracts when it replaces defective equipment and not to offer cash back if it intends to only offer credits.
Senser testified that she didn't see Phanthavong and thought she had hit a construction barrel or pothole. Senser's husband Joe played four years for the Vikings in the early 1980s.
FitzGerald says the board is trying to avoid oversight of the taxpayer-financed agency, formally known as the Cuyahoga County Land Reutilization Corp., in the aftermath of a government corruption scandal.
Current numbers would result in a GAC North small-school conference that would include Orchard Farm (433 students), Winfield (555), St. Charles (950), St. Charles West (1,019) and Warrenton (939).
Russell raised a common concern: whether in emergencies, a cellphone could provide a location, especially if the caller can't do so, or if the cellphone has a different area code than where it's being used. The good news is that most cell- and smartphones now have GPS, or global tracking features. You can be tracked whether you like this "feature" or not.
"If you turn the clock back four, five years ago, we were taking a roof off, putting a second story on; major kitchen and bathroom remodels," said Dunlap. "Most of those kitchens were in the $70,000, $80,000 range, master bathrooms in the $65,000 range. What we are seeing now is those same folks in the same area are doing what needs to be done to keep their homes functional. There is very little of what we call discretionary remodeling right now."
This was just a regular-season game?
6. New day for Gilbert Days
Earlier this year, Husch Blackwell, which has 600 attorneys, reclassified 25 of its equity partners as fixed-income partners. The move lowered the number of partners who share in the firm's profits.
Sutter said he took the Los Angeles job as a favor to general manager Dean Lombardi, the old friend who hired him in San Jose, in a last-ditch attempt to save the Kings' season and possibly Lombardi's own job. Murray was fired after Los Angeles' talented roster couldn't manage to score goals or win games, stumbling badly near midseason.
DK: We asked for 165 emails. We got 22 of them. What's the secret?
OFFENSIVE LINEMEN (14): Gabe Carimi, J'Marcus Webb, Roberto Garza, Chris Spencer, Lance Louis, Edwin Williams, Chilo Rachal, Chris Williams, Ricky Henry, James Brown, A.J. Greene, Mansfield Wrotto, Levi Horn, Reggie Stephens.
More than a century ago, in Paris, the word flaneur came to be understood as a man who walked the avenues in his dressing coat and top hat, gazing at passersby and making a visual feast of the shops, the scenes, the culture. There's a taint to the term, in that it evokes a type of voyeurism. Who loves a voyeur?
"I'm a guy who needs filters. Lots of them," he tweeted after his comments were widely reported.
Paul Dillon of Maryland Heights, Missouri commander of the American Ex-Prisoners of War, echoed Carnahan's assessment.
Gay, who has been hamstrung by injuries in his pro career, has been dealing with a hip ailment since early in 2011. His mission is to be ready for the U.S. Olympic Trials in June, the qualifier for the 2012 Olympics in London. He said that could be his first competition of the year.
$ $ 1/2
Within hours of the photo appearing, callers deluged the state Fish and Game Commission office, and the Humane Society of the United States urged Richards to step down.
Jefferson Avenue, 12:18 p.m.: A reporting party called to say a table had been set up on the sidewalk with "propaganda."
Carver was the first Atlanta school to complete its restructuring, and Hall and other district officials boasted of its almost overnight success in producing better performance and higher graduation rates.
The school has nearly 600 students enrolled, and it expects to have 1,000 students by 2018.
The Strike Force got involved in the case when McManus was contacted by St. Croix County deputy Dave Giffert about a home invasion that took place in Hudson on Jan. 13. Three males, including the boyfriend of Shaver's 19-year-old daughter, Anna, were believed to be involved in the invasion in which the intruders threatened a female with a baseball bat over money owed for drugs, McManus wrote in his report on the case.
You must be at least 18 and cannot have been a full-time student during the calendar year.
Graham earned a bachelor's degree in education in 1987 from East Central and then later earned his master's degree.
Reserve your spot in the popular Program Book or as an event or Balloon Festival Sponsor, and you guessed it, all at 2011 prices, with the added benefit of an extra day. For more information on sponsorship or for advertising in the Program Book contact Giulia Iannitelli at info@warrencountyfarmersfair.org.
* Some people are questioning Ken Hitchcock's decision to start Jaro Halak over Brian Elliott in Chicago? Really? I know Elliott had pitched three consecutive shutouts. We all love Elliott; he's been marvelous. But the Blues' head coach has been consistent about using two goaltenders during the regular season. And before last night, Halak had been in goal for one game since playing on March 17. What, is Hitchcock supposed to let Halak rot? Hitchcock is smart to keep both goaltenders sharp until it's time to make the call on the Game 1 starter in the first round.
Renken was born in Zambia, but his hometown is listed as Edwardsville, Ill.
The anti-domestic violence bill was passed overwhelmingly the last time it came up for renewal in 2005.
Second, we can consider the accessibility of the arts in all our communities as we go forward with the Portland Plan.
In a Feb. 13 e-mail to Superintendent Jim Lee, Board President Sue Skidmore said, "We do not have visionary leadership overseeing the program -- we have someone almost as old as me! Wrong." Skidmore was referring to CREST, Paradise Valley High School's Center for Research in Engineering, Science and Technology.
The new Ford Focus ST is new to China, but Ford will continue to sell the outgoing model as a more affordable alternative for a nation where few families own a car. The existing model will be rebadged as the Classic Focus and will continue to be built in China.
The Wyndham, which finished a $4 million renovation in 2009, is one of several hotels to spruce up in anticipation of better times. The Marriott at Key Center plans to upgrade its restaurant in 2013 and is speculating about potential above-ground connections to the medical mart project.
Arrange on platter and serve.
Yes, dear voter, you count. Very much. Keep that in mind for next time.
But here is where the politics get really interesting. Metro's board is made up of five members appointed by the city of Houston, two by the remaining member cities and two by Harris County. The folks who have appointed those members are unlikely to be keen on their jurisdictions losing the millions they get from the GMPs.
Executives at companies based in Brazil and China said they were most affected by misunderstandings, with 74% and 61%, respectively, reporting financial losses as a result of failed international deals.
This poses a danger to anyone who has this peanut food allergy.
With slowing sales and increased competition in the world's largest car market, a strong presence at the Beijing auto show that opens today is crucial for Detroit's automakers.
Besides, the real show is taking place to his left. In recovery from both alcohol abuse and cancer, Eddie Van Halen remains one of rock's wonders to behold, reeling off impossibly fleet-fingered solos and chunky power chords, still cracking his trademark smile as if his six-string pyrotechnics were no big deal. Though it was placed just before the finale, his dazzling solo spotlight was the show's musical and emotional epicenter.
This is Lohse's sixth start of spring training, one more than is normal for a rotation pitcher.
No one ever asks President Obama or the First Lady if they spend too much of the people's money on their lush lifestyle to be able to relate to the average American family.
The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication will award degrees to 183 students.
"Most of them will keep growing until the temperature reaches the low 20s," Trinklein says.
The county should permit school districts and their communities to "plug in" to county planning services, he said. The county could better coordinate resources and services that have a direct impact on school performance and community stability.
April is "Go Camping Month" at Ohio State Parks, and campers can save 25 percent off overnight stays at public campgrounds throughout Ohio. The discount is also good at park getaway rentals (yurts, tepees, rent-a-camps and other specialty rentals). For reservations and more information: ohiostateparks.org or 1-866-644-6727.
RE: Please, give me a break.
It remains to be seen if Motte can hold up over the long haul as closer. He has the mindset and the fastball. He still needs better secondary stuff. What happens when the season's wear and tear takes some mph off his heater. He is still a work in progress. Lance Lynn or Eduardo Sanchez could become better closer options IF they gain command to go with their "plus" stuff.
Obama: Well, we appreciate your service all the way around.
New Jersey law enforcement agencies issue an average of 10,000 citations each month for cell phone violations, said Pam Fischer, director of the state Division of Highway Traffic Safety. The problem, Fischer said, is that nearly everyone today uses cell phones in their cars.
Rule No. 1 about spicy ingredients - you don't need to love spicy foods to appreciate what spicy ingredients can do for foods.
That challenge, coming on the back of Mr. Romney's tax release, was all the more reason for him to change the narrative by seizing on a big idea like comprehensive tax reform. He could have underlined how the tax code that Mr. Obama wants to further contort only undermines growth and leaves average Americans paying a higher effective rate than does Mr. Romney. Instead, he complained that Mr. Gingrich's tax simplification plan would let off rich guys.
Romney explained that he was named after his father, former Michigan Gov, George Romney's cousin, who once was a Chicago Bears quarterback. Romney has only met a few others with the same first name.
16722 Chesterfield Manor Dr, $386,000
Nelly has another successful Black and White Ball neatly tucked under his belt after Sunday night's gala at the Khorassan Ballroom at Chase Park Plaza.
MortgageIT had been a Federal Housing Administration lender operating with government oversight for almost a decade. The mortgage insurance is issued by the FHA.
PK3 1-7-2 paid $106.30
She acknowledges the learning curve on civil matters may be a bit steep, but "I don't think you can fool me. I know bull (manure) when I smell it, regardless of who's spreading it."
The now abandoned Latouche city site once was home to 4,000 people, thanks to copper mining. The mine closed in 1930, and now the island is dotted with occasional seasonal cabins and not much else. The island is mostly used for subsistence hunting.
2. Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter was hitting .420 (34-for-81) after 18 games this season, compared with .257 (19-for-74) after 18 games last season.
Detectives went to the residence about 7:30 p.m. acting on a tip. As officers approached, a second suspect attempted to flee and was arrested a short distance away. He was armed with a handgun. The second suspect is believed to have fled into the residence, which is near the Paseo.
A sharp critic of modern poetry's obscurity, Gioia has sought an alternate route in the pleasures of narrative and traditional rhyme and meter. At their best, his poems remind us that story and song are inseparable from the words they're made of. But Gioia's fourth book is not his best: Rhymes clang, meters march, language lies flat: The "mildewed paper" of old letters "reeks of regret." When Gioia writes of a deceased child, and his own struggle to express his loss, we see how powerful his poems can be. Too often, though, there's too little beauty to pity. Grade: C
For an employee earning $120,000, the contribution would be 12 percent, or $2,280, in the first year, rising to 30 percent, or $5,700 in the seventh year.
By comparison, in 2001 and 2006 about 6% of physicians said they "routinely" stopped working with families due to parents' continued vaccine refusal and 16% "sometimes" dismissed them, according to surveys conducted then by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Cook's notes: If desired, just before serving, remove the amount of dressing you think you'll be using and add 1 tablespoon of minced fresh tarragon or basil. If you add the herbs to the entire mixture and then store, the herbs lose their fresh taste.
Since his death, many skeptics have questioned the investigators' work in the case.
At Ford Motor, for instance, demand for manuals in the redesigned Focus compact is running close to 10%. "We were planning around 4%, 4.5%," says Paul Russell, Focus marketing manager.
That landscape is El Monte, once a dusty Spanish colonial crossroads and now a bustling bedroom community about a dozen miles east of downtown Los Angeles. It already boasts at least one famous literary stepson, crime-thriller author James Ellroy, who briefly lived there with his mother in the post- World War II era. Cheech Marin also is a former denizen. Yet another onetime resident, Frank Zappa, immortalized El Monte in a song.
Oregon vaulter Jordan Roskelley had a pole snap on her and appeared to injure one of her hands. She did not advance.
He and my fellow travelers kindly organized a calvados toast at the surf's edge in honor of my service. We then made our way up the bluff to the Normandy American Cemetery, where more than 9,000 American heroes are buried. The sorrow and thankfulness I felt as I walked among the countless rows of grave markers was overwhelming.
"I can't wait. I'm sure the guys are looking forward to it as well," Pore said. "It's going to be something special. And with it being on national television, the rest of (country) can see what soccer is all about in the Northwest."
Obesity finally claims the life of the orange and white tabby from New Mexico who gained national attention for tipping the scales at 39 pounds.
Maybe it's the slightly soulless nature of motion-capture films (though that's been greatly improved upon since the dead-in-the-eyes days of "The Polar Express"), but while the adventurous aspects are slam-bang, the characters don't connect in the same way Indy does. Spielberg is such an imaginative storyteller that "Tintin" can't help but be fun to watch. You just wish he'd slow down and let us catch our breath a little every now and then.
The former construction manager for the City of Pontiac filed a whistle-blower lawsuit Thursday, alleging the city's emergency manager and the head of the building department fired him after he alerted state and federal officials to what he said were bid-rigging and environmental violations.
The sometimes poignant story touches on themes of existentialism ("Who am I?" Rango asks more than once) and environmental abuse.
With quicksilver speed and boundless energy, Ryan Gardner, a Eureka senior, is one of the more exciting players on the attack in the area.
Mickadeit may be reached at 714-796-4994 or fmickadeit@ocregister.com
Look for Boursin cheese in the specialty cheese area of grocery stores.
It is a willful attempt at normalcy in an all-too-abnormal life these days, but she insists that her daughters will not suffer the skyrocket highs and deep-valley lows of her husband's presidential race.
Who: With Paul Rudd, Elizabeth Banks, Zooey Deschanel. Directed by Jesse Peretz.
Drivers who have been drinking also are less likely to buckle up. In 2009, 70 percent of drivers age 20 or younger who were killed in crashes weren't wearing seat belts.
The Lynx went 27-7 during the regular season in 2011, and 7-1 in the playoffs.
George Taylor, former Oregon state climatologist, and Portland meteorologist Chuck Wiese were also scheduled to speak. In 2007, OMSI hosted a debate between Taylor and Phil Mote, now head of the Oregon Climate Change Research Institute at Oregon State University.
Bonamici will take office as soon as she can be sworn in. The clerk of the House will consult with her on a date as soon as possible.
And this: "Over 8,000 people have supported her campaign as volunteers, donors and advisors and endorsers."
a. Jack Dawson, the lover of Rose DeWitt Bukater.
Only problem is, A was never a straight cut. The pavers had to be cut at a 30-degree angle, making them triangles of sorts, to fit the space left for them in the sidewalk. left for them.
A: So much of deciding the style of a movie is less about what you want to do than about what you don't want to do. You kind of put the blinders on at the start of the process. You go, "My movie is about this."
In addition to his two homers, Mathis is batting .294 and has as many runs batted in (five) as Pujols in a fraction of the at-bats. He hit .174 with three homers and 22 RBIs in 247 at-bats over 93 games with the Angels last season.
"We created a lot of Grade A chances early in the game," DeBoer said.
Phillippe accompanied Cornish to the 2008 Australian in Film Breakthrough Awards (yes, the alleged hussy is an Aussie), where she was honored for her films, which also include "Elizabeth: The Golden Age" and "A Good Year."
That, apparently, is what pigs say in Japan.
SUPPORTING ACTRESS - COMEDY
Store personnel grew suspicious when he asked to see two Ipads, then asked the employee to hold them for him under the counter.
Want to buy a hotel? A really big one?
Greater MSP, the area's economic development authority, is surveying businesses on their air service needs.
"We didn't want to run too many miles in (last week's Indianapolis Motor Speedway) test so we could have our engine for Long Beach, and yet we were there to try to make the car better for IndyCar," he said. "You shouldn't be trying to test and worrying about the engine for the next race."
Authorities have released the name of a Texas man who died in one of three pileups on a long stretch of Interstate 10 after a dense blanket of dust covered the freeway for several hours Tuesday afternoon.
Milwaukee's Ryan Braun, the reigning NL MVP, left the game in the sixth inning with a right Achilles tendon strain. Braun said he hurt it sliding into second base in Tuesday night's game.
Several months ago the agency's board of directors initiated closed-door talks with Ford about making a change at the top. The brokered agreement was announced Wednesday, after contentious contract negotiations with the operators' union were wrapped up.
Lakin, who once headed the powerful Lakin Law Firm in Wood River and bankrolled political campaigns, pleaded guilty in 2008 in federal court of possession with the intent to deliver cocaine, distributing cocaine to a person under 21 and maintaining a drug-involved premises.
You almost don't blame him. Fingal seems not to observe the forest while he's cutting down the trees.
It was a message coach Chuck Pagano delivered when he met Thursday night with the 38 rookies and first-year players participating in the three-day minicamp. His target audience: aggressive defensive players looking to make an impression.
But a group of activists has been fighting for years to keep the building near the Campbell headquarters intact. They say the 1920s building has historical value as a prototype for the modern mall and that it should be turned into a marketplace for restaurant equipment businesses.
PERSONNEL: Steve Diaz (drums, bass), Matthew LoPresti (drums, percussion), Michael LoPresti (vocals, guitar, piano), Mark Porostosky (guitar, mandolin) and Aaron Smith (violin, piano)
CA has been working for the past year on a plan intended to ensure that its pools meet the future needs of residents and pool users, while also considering the area's changing demographics. The process culminated in a proposal to enclose one outdoor pool and turn another into a pool-less water park.
Unflattering stories abound inside the family. There are clearly wounds and grudges. I choose to remember the woman who encouraged me to write, to marry my now-husband, the Grammie who religiously watched afternoon television soap operas, her beloved "stories."
Takuma Sato, second car TBA (Michel Jourdain Jr. or x-Luca Filippi).
"I haven't made a final decision on if this will be our final playoff rotation," Vogel said. "Dahntay will be out of the rotation unless we have foul trouble. It'll be game-by-game to see where we're at."
And now she's adding South Jersey's stage to her resume with a starring turn in The Eagle Theatre's production of "Pippin," opening tonight.
On Thursday, offensive line coach Mike Tice had the inside dope on Carimi. On Friday, Oregon State defensive tackle Stephen Paea and California safety Chris Conte came highly recommended by people Angelo trusts most, providing valuable peace of mind during a draft that appears to be aging Angelo in dog years.
Earlier this year, Kenneth Lench, head of the SEC's structured-products enforcement unit, said the agency needed to "seriously consider" charges against lawyers in "appropriate cases." Mr. Lench said he saw "some factual situations where I seriously question whether the advice that was given was done in good faith."
"I believe his turn would be tomorrow, but we're going to evaluate a couple of things and get a chance to talk to him and see where he is," the manager said.
Branding and marketing firms have been enlisted to help the Salvation Army appeal to the growing segment of society that lives on the Internet. In recent years the slogan, "Heart to God, Hand to Man," has been replaced with the more ecumenical-sounding "Doing the Most Good."
Jeanne Colleran, dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at John Carroll University: "My grandparents are from Galway. When St. Patrick's Day falls during the week, I teach Yeats. I also make a Guinness beef stew and an Irish whiskey cake that requires an entire bottle of Powers. I am also an official Outstanding Irish Whiskey Taster. I passed the Bushmills distillery test in Northern Ireland."
Aside from her obvious ability and remarkable work ethic, part of Snyder's genius is that, if she has an ego, it never shows.
Karr, whose youngest daughter, Rebecca, is best friends with Kayla Allen, said the fund is getting calls from people who've never met the family, but still want to help by donating money or a gift basket.
Some critics say the value-added approach is too volatile to be used for teacher evaluations, but most experts say it is more accurate for campuses because it is based on the performance of hundreds, if not thousands, of pupils.
Ciocco, who said in a letter to the editor that he was still haunted by Montelaro's killing, has similarly testified against Righetti's release.
Now its cast of unknowns -- from new celebrities Dev Patel and Freida Pinto to kids plucked by director Danny Boyle from the slums of Mumbai, India -- have taken a trip to Hollywood's glitziest party.
Then again, it's not our $100 million.
That capacity will be increased when planned improvements are completed in 2013, Sal Miraglia, president of Timken's steel operations, said in a written statement.
Besides a varied career, Grace likes to pick projects with directors he admires and he tends to prefer ensembles. His next film has a list of impressive co-stars. In "The Wedding," out in January, Robert De Niro plays his father, Diane Keaton plays his mom and Susan Sarandon is his stepmom.
(05-04) 07:43 PDT WASHINGTON, (AP) --
Something worth watching for those who plan to buy into Facebook's IPO: Early investors plan to take a fair amount of money off the table first.
- SH
For a bar/restaurant that's staked so much on its look, that's a serious flaw. As it is, the Fork & Wrench looks like a new Williamsburg arrival, one desperately trying to fit in.
49ERS: C+
Withey's four blocked shots in the Jayhawks' 67-59 loss to Kentucky in the national championship game on Monday, gave him 31 for the NCAA Tournament.
In San Francisco, a crowd of more than 100 Black Bloc activists stormed through the Mission District after a peaceful Occupy rally Monday night, vandalizing more than 30 businesses, a police station and several cars with hammers, crowbars, paint and eggs.
North Tech
Lt. Nancy Stork said Miller had remained in the hospital's coronary care unit until the day of his release.
Ages: 4- and 5-year olds
"It's been a long time coming," said Obama, who strode on stage with his wife, Michelle, and their two daughters, Sasha and Malia. "But tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America."
Schaefer said he knew his bill wasn't perfect, but he thought it deserved to get to the Senate floor for debate. But once it gets there, it might not go anywhere.
"This new drug is not perfect, but it's the next step to improving people's lives," he said.
The window of opportunity on filing top 10 lists may be closing, but music outlasts deadlines, at least in recorded form. But the window of opportunity may also be closing on the possibility of recording music to compact disc and getting people to take note and buy it in complete-album form.
Let's zero in on what I consider the most important group: bargain hotels. As with overall bests, separate lists cover the world, the United States, the same seven regions, and most of the same 30 individual countries. Here, the world's top spot is the HueNino in Hue, Vietnam -- a result that many of us who knew the Vietnam War as a national nightmare will no doubt find ironic. But at least the SeaCoast Inn in Hyannis makes it to number three.
For instance, Boston's 1.1 percent drop in home prices since last year was one of the lowest among metro areas tracked by S&P/Case-Shiller index. The city's unemployment rate is 6.2 percent, much lower than the national average of 8.6 percent.
VIENNA (AP) - In a heist that could fill the mother of all bottomless cups, thieves in Austria have made off with 2 tons of coffee.
Groups of schoolchildren trailed past signs warning them to keep off the newly planted areas, with landscaped lawns and flowerbeds.
Beaverton gets some shout-outs: True, Hank knew Addison was fishy when he learned the guy drove all the way from Mount Hood to Beaverton to go to the hospital. But at least Beaverton got a mention as the location for the hapless hiker guy's dog-washing business (actually Hair of the Dog, on Northeast Alberta St.)
Prosecutors hammered away at the lies Anthony told when the child was missing: She told her parents that she couldn't produce Caylee because the girl was with a nanny named Zanny -- a woman who doesn't exist; that she and her daughter were spending time with a rich boyfriend who doesn't exist; and that Zanny had been hospitalized after an out-of-town traffic crash and that they were spending time with her.
Valvano led N.C. State to the 1983 national championship and died from cancer in 1993. The Wolfpack also played in the event in 2002, losing to Gonzaga 69-60.
Facebook took another big step toward creating the largest Internet public stock offering in history Thursday, but now the Menlo Park company is faced with the formidable task of convincing skeptical investors that the 8-year-old social network is worth more than $90 billion.
Hong Kong was the No. 1 venue in the world for IPOs in 2009, 2010 and 2011, raising a total of $138.7 billion, driven by a surge in Chinese companies going public and Western businesses seeking to boost their profiles or attract investors in Asia.
There was a tribute to my favorite sports (golf ball, bowling ball and tennis racket) and my salute to the Soviet Union (hammer, sickle, hand grenade). How'd it work out? Well, I paid my bills in pocket change and still bear a quarter-inch-long sickle-related scar above the bone where my right thumb joins the back of my hand.
Also important, reclaiming lost students means recovering lost money. Over the past few years, IPS has lost millions of dollars in state funding -- about $8,000 per student -- because of declining enrollment. Since 2006, the district's student population has fallen from about 35,700 to a little more than 33,000 -- a 7.6 percent drop.
After all, this is a place that has been educating students about alternative energy for more than three decades. The school offers degree tracks in solar, wind and biofuels. It offers courses both locally and through its online program.
Freezing the house wasn't easy. Even with temperatures in the teens, ice melted when the sun came out. First, the artists tried using rooftop sprinklers, but those froze. They ended up using a system of hoses to spray the house with water from hydrants.
When cops caught up to Sabourin, she told them Alec was her lover and she just wanted to produce a baby Baldwin.
A note from earlier: Bernard Osamani, 18, of Brooklyn, was charged with the shooting of former Pirate Jeremy Hazell last Christmas night. According to a report in the New York Post, NYPD officials say that Osamani was the one who shot Hazell in the back, which hit him in the right armpit.
Boxer's office could not immediately be reached for comment.
Whether you got married for romance, adventure, sex or security, God put you together because you reflect his fame and his renown better together than you ever did apart.
Kevin had a doctor's appointment last week. He's been a patient of Rodde Cox since 2005, so they know each other pretty well. Usually, the medical stuff is dispatched fairly quickly, then the discussion gets into some friendly banter. The appointment is usually the last one of the day, so after the medical treatment, the time is spent "swatting flies and telling lies."
Linden Mayor Richard Gerbounka said the cameras have reduced accidents.
There's even a special designation for those who do the threatening, assaulting or interfering: Potentially Dangerous Taxpayer or PDT.
It was only many decades later that it was learned that the high mortality rate in Haworth was linked to poisonous runoff from the St. Michael's graveyard into the town's water wells.
Winter Park: Business After Hours, 5:30-7:30 p.m. May 17; New Traditions National Bank, 600 Wilkinson St., Orlando. Cost: $5 for WPCC members; $15 for nonmembers. Details: 407-644-8281.
Deng said in a statement that China would investigate again following new reports of such pills being smuggled into South Korea, Xinhua reported.
In the recent fiscal year, he says, the center's claims costs were 28.4 percent higher than the overall hospital-industry average.
Martin, the ex-husband, and Busch are close, "almost like brothers," Martin told an officer who included it in a report. It says, "K Martin stated that August Busch IV told him that he thinks God is punishing him for what happened to the girl in Arizona."
"Don did all the stonework," Will said. "This whole area was a rock quarry at the turn of the century."
In Washington, mortgage funds are lobbying for policies that favor their investments, particularly mortgages held in securitized bundles. They want more mortgage balances to be lowered, which might help mortgage bonds perform better. Big banks generally oppose such reductions, which lock in banks' losses on the loans.
Democrats protested that the exchange would be funded by federal money as well as insurance fees, and would not affect the state budget. Rep. Peter Buckley, D-Ashland, said no questions had been raised in earlier committee hearings, and said he was "confused" and had "great sorrow ... that our process is moving in this direction."
Dealing with her illnesses has left her "scarred" and "a little bruised," Romney said. But, she added, "It left me with a heart that's more open and more compassionate for those that are suffering."
Back when shakes cost 15 cents, Biff-Burgers dotted the Southeast. It stood for Best in Fast Food. They had drive-in service and walk-up windows, they had "roto-broiled" burgers topped with a closely guarded secret-sauce concoction. Now, it appears, there's only one Best left. Burger King may be responsible for the near-extinction of Biff-Burger, but St. Petersburg's George Musser stayed strong. His location still has the original Biff-Burger neon sign; the menu runs to barbecue sandwiches, burger baskets and soft serve; and on Friday nights the parking lot fills with hot rods and their devotees.
Earlier this year, Naturally Advanced Technologies announced commercialization or development agreements for its CRAiLAR Flax fiber with HanesBrands, Georgia-Pacific, Levi Strauss & Co., Cintas, Carhartt, Ashland, Westex and Brilliant Global Knitwear.
I flew from Tokyo to Frankfurt on Feb. 3 and could feel the Dreamliner differences. My contact lenses didn't dry out as much as they usually do on long flights; same for my nose. I only slept an hour, partly because a nearby infant wailed several times during the night, even though the Dreamliner is supposed to lessen air-pressure pain in babies. Still, I wasn't dragging as much as I usually am after sleepless overnight trips.
Namely, at what point does a society save lives -- and reduce human suffering -- by promoting measures that stop unfit parents from birthing children doomed to face crippling abuse or early deaths?
McCafferty was placed on administrative leave with pay after her indictment in September. She lost her bid for re-election in November by 15,000 votes. But she still managed to receive more than 125,000 votes.
Its shares rose 4 percent in premarket trading.
The county's SWAT team's record for responding is about 35 minutes, because that's how long it takes to assemble at one location, get suited up and get to a scene, said Capt. John Belmar.
The Spanish Governor's Palace is a few blocks away. The structure had its beginnings as a one-room captain's home in 1722. Befitting the times, the doorways are low, although the ceilings are high. Admission is $4. (spanishgovernorspalace.org)
"John Carter" is rated PG-13 for intense sequences of violence and action.
Weeks later, Coburn's team, which included some of the Clinic's top doctors and researchers, boarded a bus for a formal pitch to evaluators from the National Academy of Sciences in Columbus.
The reason for the peak of the heat this week? Credit what is called an "upper ridge." Think of it as high pressure in the upper part of the atmosphere. It will strengthen over us today, and that should result in drier conditions, keeping that cloud count down and also lowering the dew point slightly from the mugginess Wednesday. Dew point temperatures reflect the amount of moisture in the air, independent of the temperature. Those two elements are combined to come up with the relative humidity, or moisture in relation to the temperature. When the dew point gets above 60 degrees, people start noticing. Start moving into the mid 60s and they really notice. More than 70, and you're talking tropical The dew point in Indianapolis was 65 degrees or higher from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday. Workin' 9-5! What a way for Mother Nature to make a livin'.
Our earlier story on La Russa:
The Cardinals have options available to handle first base. Filling in during the four games Berkman missed to rest the injury, Matt Carpenter went eight for 16 with four extra-base hits and seven RBIs, including five in the game Sunday. Daniel Descalso also has played first in the majors.
Lea said the Federal Bureau of Investigation Joint Terrorism Task Force and the Transportation Security Administration helped in the investigation.
This much is certain about Peters, a 6-2 forward who played for Notre Dame. She can fill up the columns in a boxscore. Peters is the first player in the Fighting Irish program to score more than 1,000 points, grab 500 rebounds and have at least 200 blocks, steals and assists.
I don't romanticize the teaching profession. Teachers are as human as the rest of us, some of them painfully so.
One witness told police that Davis had asked more than once about how to obtain a gun, including an inquiry that occurred roughly 15 minutes before the attack on Dederichs, according to charging documents. That witness saw Davis walk into the alley where Dederichs was attacked and later discovered the unconscious victim, the documents show.
"It can help demonstrate that your virtual behavior, online activities, are just as important, if not more so, than everything you do in your everyday life," he said.
Fox Networks and Dish engaged in a public spat about service fees that resulted in a monthlong blackout of Fox-owned networks on the satellite carrier, including Fox Sports Net regional networks that serve as the primary TV home of 17 NBA teams.
Do you use your own product?
Vadim Gluzman, violin
Police said the students had spent the last few days at a ski camp and were on their way back to the Belgian provinces of Brabant, Flanders and Limbourg.
Martin was caught in a rundown between second and third and catcher Cole Sutliff was picked off first as the Thunderbolts held on in the fifth inning.
Team co-owner Tony Stewart said the team is set on eight of Patrick's 10 races. Her second scheduled race will be May 12 at Darlington, with the other six already set coming late in the season - at Bristol, Atlanta, Chicagoland, Dover, Texas and Phoenix.
On a voice vote in early April, the House backed the date shift as part of a bigger game and fish package. One lawmaker called it a ''bonus week'' rather than an early opener because there would still be hoopla around the May 12 weekend when the annual Governor's Fishing Opener is held. But it would be a week or more before any bill with the law change could reach Gov. Mark Dayton.
And when the Timbers did get opportunities from close in, they couldn't convert. Songo'o's cross through the box was stopped by Crew goalkeeper Andy Gruenebaum in the first minute. Wallace's through ball attempt to a streaking Diego Chara was a bit too long inside the box in the third minute.
The Internet search company will sell co-branded tablets directly to consumers through an online store like rivals Apple and Amazon.com Inc., according to people familiar with the matter. The move is an effort to turn around sluggish sales of tablet computers powered by Google's Android software.
Pamphilon said Williams then rubbed his fingers together as one might do when doling out cash, saying, "I got the first one," which Pamphilon understood to mean the defensive coordinator had placed a cash bounty on Smith.
Here's a look at some of the other winners and losers:
Nalbandian had several run-ins with the chair umpire during the often tense match. The Argentinian was enraged when a tournament official refused to overrule the chair umpire's decision to decline a review of a line call late in the fifth. He later smashed his racket to the ground in disgust when he netted a backhand on match point.
"Student-athletes at the University of Oregon are tested for illegal substances to the full extent possible under existing Oregon state law, which prohibits random testing," Mullens wrote.
As Lawrence got to know her, he realized she had no friends and trusted no one but him. "She trusted me, I assume, because I had been her mortgage loan officer.
The first production version of the 2013 Dodge Dart compact car rolled off of Chrysler's assembly line on Monday after eight months of preparation.
Susan Cebelinski, Aitkin's social service supervisor, said the county did a criminal background check and checked for any civil findings of maltreatment before recommending the Petersons for the job in 2003. The Petersons were newcomers to the rural county that borders Lake Mille Lacs. They previously ran a tax and accounting business, but neither is a certified public accountant.
If a company has free cash flow, "that makes the dividend seem safe," Russo said.
The Bridgeton center was financed in part from money raised by the St. Louis County Library when Bush, wife of former President George W. Bush, came to town last year to discuss her memoir. ("Spoken From the Heart" was released this month in paperback.)
A law professor at the Center for the Study of Law and Religion at Emory University in Atlanta, says the Supreme Court did not provide much guidance about what constitutes a ministerial employee.
civil unions bill is among the measures that ought to get high priority. Senate Bill 2 faces a key hearing today before the House Judiciary Committee. It needs at least one Republican vote to move it out of the GOP-dominated committee. This measure would allow same-sex couples to form civil unions, an idea whose time has come.
Sundays at Three
Romney and his SuperPAC allies massively outspent Santorum on ads - running even on Tuesday, Election Day. Some 59 percent said the ads were not important in determining their vote.
Questions over the three-hour session were friendly, with most analysts asking for more detail rather than questioning key assumptions of the company's rosy forecast.
The Department of Justice called a 10 a.m. news conference in Phoenix where the head of the agency's civil-rights division will announce a lawsuit against the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office after the two sides were unable to resolve allegations that the agency discriminates against Hispanic residents.
A poll last month by Gallup showed that the public cares about the debt and deficits, but the economy is a bigger political issue. And that's appropriate; the faster the U.S. economy grows, the less daunting the deficit problem will be.
Audi S4 Quattro: $47,300
Presently, no specific size has been set for the structure, but groups responding to the RFP would need to inspect the location to make any determination. They would also need to consider the nearby parking lot and water source.
Patrick Lynch, who ran the Coliseum for 17 years, quit as general manager last February, after The Times reported that he allowed his then-events manager to work on the side for a company that staged rave concerts at the property.
With an eclectic mix of loyal customers during the tavern's heyday years ago, The Bit served more than its share of characters.
On balancing his obligations: "I do it through careful planning and a lot of hard work. I'm also very active on not-for-profit boards, such as the American Red Cross. And I'm on the public policy council of the Regional Commerce and Growth Association. Plus, I'm vice president of my Old Warson Country Club. So I put in a lot of time."
"Just shows you why you've always got to have more than one back," Kill said.
NEW YORK -- The bank used most by Bernard Madoff was "willfully blind" and "thoroughly complicit" in the disgraced financier's epic fraud, lawyers working for a court-appointed trustee alleged Thursday.
She said Moss was always happy and fun to be around.
"Plainfield residents can sleep a little easier" knowing the suspects were arrested, she said.
Akron quarterback Chris Jacquemain, in his first season with regular playing time, separates his shoulder during the season. He is suspended for one game after a teammate sees him using OxyContin at a party. Tyler Campbell, a defensive back from Pickerington, makes the Akron football team as a walk-on.
Several media outlets had requested that hundreds of pieces of evidence be released.
I was a volunteer at the Centre for Animal Rehabilitation and Education (www.primatecare.org.za) in South Africa, on a private game reserve that shares fenceless borders with Kruger National Park. The closest town is about 45 minutes away.
Blagojevich now has the mountains. We still have the plains and, after Illinois' lost decade, all of us need to make the most of them.
But Adams wasn't the only one seeking to find spots for Lyle's students.
The former Michigan basketball player who just completed his senior season showed off some other skills at the Big House, and a friend was there to document it.
432 Hadley Court, $195,000, 02-28-12, 1,160 SF, 2 BR
Feb. 26: Newport, Oregon Coast Aquarium
Rampart 2, Palmer 0
The complex, built on land that the church owns near South Hawkins Avenue and Vernon Odom Boulevard, offers low-income senior housing, retail space and Summa's planned Center for Minority Health and Health Disparity Solutions.
Jeff Slaton, attorney for the Simon family, which has filed a wrongful-death suit against Simplicity and Wal-Mart, said, "I'm at a loss on why it took so long" for the safety commission to act.
Sources: Illinois Department of Revenue (TIF), Missouri Accountability Portal (tax credits), Missouri Auditor's Office (TDDs), Missouri Department of Economic Development (TIF), Missouri Department of Revenue (CIDs)
Your 17-year-old boy is not only still a minor, but also does not have the financial and institutional standing to support himself. Instead, he lives at home, becoming an adult incrementally on his parents' dime. It makes no sense for parents to absorb the money and decision-making burdens of adulthood while just handing their kids the perks. If Junior wants to play house, then he can rent house. If he doesn't like the back seat, then he can be abstinent.
Along the way, they played the most entertaining game I've ever seen in Game 6 of the World Series. What's not to like?
It's not just monolithic corporations at risk. Even small businesses are liable for lost or stolen data, said Scott Hauge, president of Small Business California, a small-business advocacy group.
A key witness in the Notorious B.I.G. wrongful-death suit denied Wednesday that he had offered sworn testimony that a rival record label employed a rogue Los Angeles police officer who allegedly orchestrated the rapper's 1997 murder.
Belushi's death is not the only one that will be mentioned This Week in History.
On Jan. 7, Ahler temporarily barred Rutland from performing surgeries and delivering babies, but stopped short of suspending his license, saying Rutland "presents a risk of danger" but had never engaged in misconduct unrelated to surgeries or deliveries. On Jan. 12, the decision was clarified to include forbidding him from performing first-trimester abortions.
When the Vatican ruled parishes in the diocese which were closed in 2010 must be reopened since Bishop Richard Lennon did not follow proper procedures when closing these churches, it was widely believed St. Margaret Mary was among those churches on their way to being reopened. Obviously, St. Margaret Mary parishioners were overjoyed with the news and were just waiting to find out exactly when the parish doors would open once more.
McCready took to her official Facebook page late Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning to say that Zander was safe and with her: "I have been fighting the Florida court system to protect my son, and bring him home. Wink TV has once again reported nothing but lies and they are most likely being supported by the attorney for DCF child services. There is NO AMBER ALERT and my son is not missing! Detectives from the Cape Coral Police department established that this afternoon via Skype. Please do not worry or support anything they continue to lie about!!"
"I think you're going to be seeing Whole Foods really going out of their way to offer more promotions, more specials and really up the ante," Lempert said.
"Nancy was sent with a message from Commander Thompson to give to Pam Bondi,'' Thacker said, "that if there was anything the Navy Veterans could do for her, just to let Thompson know."
Just one thing.
It would allocate $4.2 million for a 200-seat Sparks Elementary addition; $18 million for a new 700-seat Mays Chapel Elementary School; $34 million for Hereford High renovations and additions; and $18.5 million for a new elementary school in the county's northwest.
As it is, the team decided to go with a roster seven deep.
As the fleet manager at Suntrup Ford Westport, he has no plans to retire until he is 102.
"The obscene amount of money that was spent in this midterm, I think, is unfortunately just a harbinger of things to come," said Rep. Raul M. Grijalva (D-Ariz.), who narrowly won reelection last month after outside groups spent $600,000 in his rural district on ads attacking him in the final weeks of the campaign.
New claims filed in the fourth quarter were up over the same period two years ago in more than 98 percent of the ZIP codes statewide.
2. Place chicken drumettes in 15-by-10-by-2-inch glass baking dish. Pour marinade over and turn drumettes to coat. Cover and refrigerate overnight.
When Oregon published its annual list of hospital-safety data last month, Legacy Meridian Park Hospital in Tualatin stood out for above-average death rates following angioplasty, a surgery to widen blocked heart vessels.
"I'm sure that our evaluation process will have to change when the state develops the plan," Briggs said.
Later in the lesson, students use personal ActivExpression clickers to answer multiple-choice questions as a group. Their answers are transmitted from the clickers to the teacher's computer, which displays results on the screen. This technology can help teachers assess students' comprehension.
There are no known witnesses.
"Breaking Dawn" was holding close to the pattern set by "New Moon" two years ago, though domestic revenues were off slightly. Factoring in higher ticket prices since "New Moon," the audience shrank even further for "Breaking Dawn."
ST. CHARLES CHAMBER OF COMMERCE: general membership meeting, 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Aug. 17, St. Charles Convention Center. Includes Recognition of Service Excellence Awards. Lunch costs $25 ($20 for members who register by 5 p.m. Aug. 12). Register online at
The film is based on the book by Michael Morpugo and has been successfully staged as a play. Spielberg's telling is epic. His instincts toward the maudlin are on display at times, but the horror of war balances those tendencies, making "War Horse" a throwback capable of speaking to modern audiences.
The decision, expected to save about $1.5 million a year, also applies to non-union Port Authority employees hired after the 9/11 terror attacks. Their E-ZPass accounts will now be charged the regular $8 peak and $6 off-peak toll at the Holland and Lincoln tunnels and the Outerbridge Crossing, Bayonne, Goethals and George Washington bridges.
The groom chose his friend Nick Rogers as best man. Jeff Marshall, brother of the bride, and Sarkis Hitti, friend of the groom, were groomsmen. Todd Marshall, nephew of the bride, served as an usher.
Milanovich challenged tribal members to look beyond comfortable lifestyles, professing the values of a strong work ethic and the need to give back to the community.
There are also excellent omelets, oatmeal pancakes, eggs Benedict and biscuits and gravy, to name a few of the specialties.
Goodell called what the Saints did "particularly unusual and egregious" and "totally unacceptable."
"I hope a good one. I hope they see that the Pirates are not the team that was at DePaul and that we're a good basketball team and that we deserve to get in."
Sam Rivers, a saxophonist and composer who helped define the avant-garde jazz scene in the 1960s and '70s, died of pneumonia Monday in Orlando, Fla. He was 88.
The activities kick off May 27 with a festival celebrating the 75th anniversary of the Golden Gate Bridge. The bash, which culminates with a fireworks show, will be held along the 4-mile stretch from Fort Point to Pier 39. Because the event is free, officials say there is no way to gauge how many people might attend. Mary Currie, a bridge spokeswoman, said the expectation is that thousands will participate from all over the country. But the hope is that because the waterfront is spread out, there will be some breathing room.
For many other young immigrants who have crossed the border since the law was passed, there is no such option.
The rally thus far has been remarkably resilient. Since the March 9 low, the biggest pullback in the Dow during the second quarter was a 3.6% decline in late April.
1 tablespoon light brown sugar
William Batchelder, Speaker of the House
New technology -- including controversial horizontal hydraulic fracturing (fracking) -- has made it economical for companies to pursue such deeply encased natural gas in recent years. Fracking -- the process of pumping a chemical-water mix deep underground to fracture the shale and release the gas -- is already occurring throughout much of eastern Ohio and several surrounding states.
"I'm very disappointed to leave the city," Jensen said this week. "I think very highly of the city as an organization and as a community. It was difficult for me to leave. The staff is very high caliber, and I was very proud to be a part of that."
Mr. Ponta was nominated to form a new cabinet by President Traian Basescu.
There was some good news on the deficit front Thursday -- for the first time in nearly four years, the U.S. government took in more money last month than it spent.
Nov. 9:
Panelists were Linda Anusasananan, food writer, San Mateo; John Carroll, cookbook author, San Francisco; Marc Halperin, culinary director, Center for Culinary Studies, San Francisco; Shelley Handler, food consultant, San Francisco; Roland Passot, chef-owner of La Folie in San Francisco and three Left Banks. All products are tasted blind; a perfect score would be 100. Prices listed are the lowest found, but products may be available at other stores.
"You have to play, I wouldn't say perfect basketball against them, but pretty close because they are that good," Cavaliers coach Byron Scott said.
The original Titanic was commissioned by White Star Line and was the largest liner in the world at about 882.6 feet long and 175 feet high, and weighing about 46,000 tons, Mr. Palmer said. It sank after hitting an iceberg April 15, 1912, in one of the world's deadliest peacetime maritime disasters, costing the lives of 1,514 passengers and crew.
"And marketing," Goodman added.
The fallout will become clearer in the coming weeks, but there's no question that Tuesday's election marked a turning point for Kadima, a party that holds more Knesset seats than any other but nevertheless has been made largely irrelevant by the Likud-led right-wing coalition.
Josefa Cisallina Mingo was hit by the eastbound NJ Transit bus around 6 a.m. near the intersection of Springfield Avenue and New Street, according to Acting Essex County Prosecutor Carolyn Murray.
In turn, Arizona provided copper to the United States at a time when the nation needed it most -- the invention of electrical transmission across long distances meant the need for copper, a good conductor of electricity. Before copper, there were gold mines and silver mines, but those were fleeting compared with what copper would provide when the boom started in 1890.
PITTSBURGH -- A Philadelphia law firm used nonlawyers to file untold numbers of mortgage foreclosures across the state and fraudulently collected attorney's fees that caused people to lose their homes in cases which should be legally nullified, a Pittsburgh lawyer claims in a lawsuit.
The royal wedding could also help raise the spirits of a country still recovering from the worst economic downturn in half a century, and facing the unknown impact of deep government spending cuts.
Injury Report: Timbers forward Jorge Perlaza sat out Tuesday's training due to tightness in a groin muscle. However, Perlaza was back on the field for the Timbers' practices Thursday and Friday and according to Spencer he will definitely be available for the game this weekend.
Last June, ICANN opened the floodgates to, essentially, dot-anything from the 22 existing domains. The group, which has overseen the Internet's naming system since 1998, has been planning the naming expansion for the better part of the last decade.
That's why insurance companies have fraud investigators. It's why our state has an attorney general.
They have reacted, however, in what I can only assume are hostile ways. One night, we found a giant bullfrog (dead) in my office. Wilbur subsequently waddled in with a mole in his mouth (also dead). Previously, we had only been given mice as presents. Now they seem to be moving on to bigger things. We hope these are not subtle messages.
Pros
-- Cheryl Ladd, co-star in "Charlie's Angels."
Barbara Kott said she was dumbfounded by how stressful even the preschool application system was in the city. She and her husband for years had been members of a Catholic church, and her daughter, Kelsey, was baptized there. But Kelsey was placed on a wait-list for the church's preschool.
, Number of U.S. casualties: At least 1,828 members of the U.S. military killed as of Tuesday, according to an Associated Press count. According to the Defense Department, 15,786 U.S. service members have been wounded in hostile action.
"If interest rates rise, so does my monthly payment," she said.
RIM said Tuesday that customers can start pre-ordering the gadgets -- its answer to Apple Inc.'s popular iPad devices -- through Best Buy. The PlayBook has a 7-inch screen, smaller than the iPad.
Downbeat forecasts from retailers raised concerns that high unemployment and weak consumer spending would stall an economic rebound. Athletic apparel maker Nike Inc. dropped 4 percent after saying higher costs could hurt earnings. Bed Bath & Beyond fell 2.4 percent after the home goods retailer's second-quarter earnings forecast missed expectations.
The steam heat caused second and third degree burns, and while he said it was more painful than when he had a fractured leg or open heart surgery, he took nothing more than Advil, even the day it happened.
Griffin will be sentenced June 4. He is expected to receive a 26-year sentence for the murder and a concurrent five-year sentence for the assault.
"I think the teen center has probably run its course," Brotz said. "Society changes, and kids are part of that society."
"Monday was okay. Tuesday was a slow decline. And Thursday, obviously, it fell off a cliff," said Bruno, 28, of River Vale. "I was worried this would be a repeat of 2008."
Daily: 108 Win 4: 5219
Saturday: Bow Brickhill Stables Dressage Show and Combined Test, 476 Milford-Mt. Pleasant Rd., Milford; N.J. Professional Horsemen's Association Show, East Freehold Showgrounds, Kozloski Road, Freehold; Tinicum Park Polo, 963 River Rd., Erwinna, Pa.(1 mile from New Jersey over the Frenchtown bridge, 2 p.m. start, tinicumpolo.org)
If Bradley wins, he will become just the second player to win a WGC event in his first start. The other was Jeff Maggert, who won the first event in 1999.
And income, adjusted for inflation, inched up just 0.2 percent after declining for two straight months.
Housed inside Lung Shan Restaurant, where Myint and Bowien also hosted their popular Mission Street Food dinners, Mission Chinese also offers takeout and citywide delivery.
Alfredo Perdiguero, a senior economist at the Asian Development Bank in Bangkok, said the EU move would spur investment and create new markets for Myanmar. But he said its overall effect would be limited because the country's economy is already growing and the nation has been boosting economic ties with its neighbors, including China and Thailand.
Five women who expanded the horizon for women in rock, according to Hopper
"I believe this is an excellent sign of cooperation," Carlson said at Annunciation School during Monday's announcement.
The Wardle family is hoping someone might have seen something to help them find out what happened.
While customers' complaints declined substantially, so did Qwest's customer base. Today, many people have dropped their land lines altogether in favor of cell phones. Qwest lost 11 percent of its phone customers last year alone.
Gov. Luis Fortuno, who has been mentioned as a possible Republican vice-presidential candidate, has proposed an ambitious, and what critics call far-fetched, plan to require all public schools to teach all courses in English instead of Spanish.
* One of two launch sequences where they encounter Darth Vader or a stormtrooper
"The best way is continue learning," he said. "As you learn, stop trying different things. You've got to become your own best coach. You learn from failing. It's not how hard you throw or how good your stuff is. You have to work with what you have. You have to battle. Yes, I have my own style. I have to work with it. I have to trust it."
Brown, unfazed, made a pitch for the Tribe: "They're a young team that's going to be good in the years ahead, and I will gloat a couple of years from now ... as you gloat today, Mr. Barnicle."
"As a human being," he says, "we're going to have times where we want to quit. And every time I'm think 'Oh, man, the hell with this, let me just go back and play my guitar,' I read. I read Gandhi. I read Martin Luther King and Marcus Garvey. I even check J.F.K. and I'm like, 'Oh, man, I'm actually not going through anything yet.'"
Sydney So Sweet
A: If they could have, the likely would have by now, considering some of Norris Cole's rough patches. But just because the Heat need depth at a position doesn't make a player qualified to play that position. The most important thing is the Heat stood by a young, developmental player.
There are few signs of rent relief even on the 1700 block of Chestnut, which just a few years ago was transformed by the arrival of a DiBruno's gourmet store and the Sephora cosmetics chain.
Another Kent State student, Frank Mark Malick, saw a photographer matching Norman's description waving his pistol as the Guard fired and aiming in the same direction as the soldiers, although Malick said he couldn't tell if the photographer was shooting.
An Iowa woman complained that a Southern California collector threatened to fart in her face over a debt she insisted she did not owe.
The FDA said it views Phusion Projects' announcement as a positive step, but officials said they have not yet heard directly from the company about its timeline for taking the drinks off the market.
I thought about that when the story broke of Robert Bales, the Army staff sergeant accused of horrifically gunning down 17 civilians in Afghanistan. Bales has served under two commanders in chief without combat experience, and the vast majority of members of Congress who funded the two wars to which Bales was sent have themselves never heard a shot fired in war.
Some rivals suggest the Weinstein-less company doesn't seem to have a deep well of Oscar-level films this year, which Disney denies.
3:25 p.m.: I finished off my ornament with a tiny silver ribbon bow. Everyone was kind enough to say it looked nice, and that it would make a good gift tag.
No injuries were reported as a result of the storm.
Also since McDonald's return, the power play is 11 for 37 (30 percent), lifting the unit to 19th in the NHL. The penalty-killing unit has erased the last 32 power plays it has faced, jumping to ninth in the league. Both units were dead last earlier this season.
"The drum set is like an orchestra in and of itself," Elliott added. "This allows one person to cover many parts ... using all four limbs to achieve that end. ... This pushes people beyond what they would do on a day-to-day basis.
The Mobile Market will travel between the following Metro Transit Centers:
"I sometimes feel that if he felt everyone was playing fair and he was found guilty in a fair trial with real evidence - he'd jump on the gurney himself"... although, Brodsky added ..."we don't have the death penalty!"
It may be a prejudice, but people are continually surprised to find this caliber of restaurant in the Westin Hotel on Third Street just off Market. I can't tell you how many times people have written me to let me know they were skeptical but became converts after tasting Richard Corbo's take on rustic Venetian-inspired food. His specialties include a stellar sformato, a dense souffle made with lobster and ground polenta when I visited; perfectly done arancini (risotto balls); and halibut cheeks with polenta and jalapeno-mint marinara. With a sexy interior and one of the best outdoor spaces in the city, it's a great addition to the dining scene.
Identifying the most important people in someone's life is a tricky task for researchers, said Ruth Mace, an evolutionary anthropologist at University College London who was not involved in the study.
"He seemed to take it seriously," cit2mo wrote in a post dated Sept. 22 at 6 a.m.
He used first-hand anecdotes to point out what he described as the building's deficiencies as he and a visitor recently weaved past case files stacked chest-high in hallways, offices, even former coat closets.
Orchard Farm finished 14-10-1.
But now his feisty descendants are determined to right some wrongs.
Andrea Davis
"Thank you from the bottom of my heart for caring enough to guide me in what was one of the worst times of my life. I think of you sometimes, especially when people ask me how I survived my troubled teenage years," wrote Massey, who came from an impoverished home and said her parents didn't care much about her performance in school.
Martinez and De Santiago knew each other because DeSantiago was dating a girl who lived near Martinez, but they were reportedly members of different gangs, Schaffer said.
However, Hedderson said, many women overestimate the amount they're supposed to eat during pregnancy. "Women only need an extra 100 to 300 calories a day during pregnancy," she said.
MoAD "reflects the cultural diversity that exists in the world,'' said Bradley, a Stanford graduate with a business degree from Harvard who held international marketing jobs with Disney and Time Warner. "We're all about making linkages and connecting the dots for people.''
Dar-ling musician: Often compared with Joni Mitchell but utterly original in her folk-influenced singing, Dar Williams should be right at home in the Old Rock House's Listening Room at 8 p.m. Tuesday. $20-$30.
On Friday, he talked a lot about how the ball had no life when it left his hand. Even if he doesn't want to use it as an excuse, I'm willing to accept the possibility that the cold, damp weather had something to do with the way he pitched.
6. Stealing from a motor vehicle. Reported 7:53 a.m. April 23 on Kingspointe Court. Numerous items were reported stolen from two unlocked vehicles. The items included two laptops, a GPS, checks, glasses and CDs.
She was active in St. Andrew Presbyterian Church and served in the past as a Deacon, where she found strength to help others.
Sophiea recently spoke with the Free Press about menopause and the need to maintain an active and healthy lifestyle.
A:Apples, oranges, eggs, pears and mangoes.
Lots of people are Groupon groupies; they sign up for this daily deal coupon site (or others like it) to get discounts where they live.
No suspects were in custody, though Kelly said a surveillance video showed the car driving west on 45th Street before it parked between Seventh and Eighth avenues. Police were looking for more video from office buildings that weren't open at the time.
And off the conversation went, two new friends sharing old stories.
"Shawn Michaels, 1997. That's someone who could actually hang with me for 60 minutes, Iron Man Match. Let everyone know who is the best ever, not just best in the world who puts it on a t-shirt or shows up for six months a year. But someone on the roster right now, it would be Tyson Kidd. Me and him go out there and tear it up. Show everyone what wrestling is really about. And still make them care. And have them come away knowing that's the best match they have ever seen."
Harris County District Attorney Pat Lykos has asked that evidence in hundreds of drug cases be retested because of questions that have arisen about a crime lab analyst who did the original testing.
Northwestern rode the multitalented Elizabeth Harper and Imani Daye to this season's success, which should lay the foundation for bigger things in the future.
Bok choy with bean curd sheets ($5.95) shows that the simpler, the better at Shanghai Dumpling. The sauce in this dish, with a hint of garlic, barely coats the fresh bok choy and lengths of noodle-like bean curd.
I had researched the Vatican ad nauseam, leaving our other stop as a pleasant surprise. The Basilica of St. John Lateran was built in 314 A.D. by Emperor Constantine. Highlights include six papal tombs, a gorgeous carved ceiling and an oxidized bronze door depicting the Madonna and Child, whose foot has been touched so often for blessings that the bronze still gleams.
At the meeting, Lewis, 50, said he was honored to take on the role, but already anticipates the village may face some tough decisions in the future.
The decision to move forward with the new system came after an outside consultant determined that operations would be swamped within a few years without adopting technology that is finding its way into increasing numbers of library systems nationwide.
How about photographing her own bed? Nope, she said, that isn't happening.
The proceeds will go toward reimbursing the FDIC's Deposit Insurance Fund, which insures depositors in the event of a bank failure. Banks pay into the fund to insure depositors for $250,000.
Sixth-grader Marquise Abrams, 12, said he asks his mother to take him to school early most mornings.
The best dishes show his uncanny sense for pairing ingredients in a way that finds their inherent contrasts and similarities, so that flavors unfold in layers. As winter gives way to spring, you'll find the essence of both seasons on one plate -- hearty duck breast blossoming alongside fruity rhubarb mustard, or a smoky salad with applewood bacon and poached eggs brightened by spring asparagus.
Take Salt Lake City. "Almost all of the major tech companies have moved stuff to Salt Lake City." That includes Twitter, Adobe, eBay and Oracle.
Pachon, the longtime president of the Tomas Rivera Policy Institute, had been ill for several months and died Friday at Kindred Hospital in Ontario. The cause was lung failure, said his son, Marc Pachon.
That seems unbelievably high for this new virus, said Richard Webby, a flu researcher at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis.
I have felt and seen the effects of what artists can do to change peoples' lives individually and as a whole. In this important midterm election year, it is imperative that voters are organized and prepared to express their views about the recent law at the voting booths in November.
The answer is "yes" to all three questions, said Mallory Lykes Dimmitt, 35, descendant of a Florida ranching family and a conservation director with the Nature Conservancy. With the housing slump and Great Recession having diminished development pressure throughout Florida in recent years, there's a sliver of opportunity to secure the missing pieces of land between the patches of swamp, forest and grasslands already protected.
SIU Edwardsville was picked fourth in the 11-school Ohio Valley Conference softball coaches preseason poll. SIUE was selected behind preseason favorite Jacksonville (Ala.) State, Eastern Illinois and Tennessee-Martin.
The match against the Sounders is in two days, giving the Timbers some time to heal from the physical match against Montreal. A total of 21 fouls were called in the match (14 on the Impact) and quite a few more could've been whistled.
--Additional interest costs: $1.4 trillion.
One of the suspected tornadoes in Oklahoma hit near the small town of Piedmont, taking a path similar to a tornado last May that killed several people, Mayor Valerie Thomerson said.
8. Reservoir, 0
Champ-Lopez said she would "stay here until I find out what's going on with my husband."
Summitt will report to the athletic director and help the women's program she guided to eight national titles. The 59-year-old Summitt said in a statement she loved being head coach but recognizes the time has come to step into a new role. She says she supports Warlick as her replacement and wants to ensure the stability of the program.
Hours: 11:30 a.m.-midnight Sunday through Wednesday, 11:30 a.m.-1 a.m. Thursday through Saturday. (The kitchen closes at 9 p.m. Sunday through Wednesday and midnight Thursday through Saturday)
The cause is under investigation.
RB: Kenny Thomas, Atholton senior
The slaying occurred three weeks before a Democratic primary in which Jordan was running for re-election to a seat in the Missouri General Assembly. At the time, Jordan was considered the most powerful black politician in the state.
402 Key Highway, Inner Harbor
Bourdon, 22, has appeared in 39 games for the Flyers this season, recording two goals and two assists for four points along with a plus-1 rating. In 18 games for the Phantoms this season, Bourdon has a goal and three assists for four points along with 31 PIM.
In MLS matches, the Fire lost at Seattle 2-1 on April 9 and managed a scoreless tie in the June 4 rematch at Toyota Park.
"I was briefed yesterday by top administration officials prior to the president's national address about the future of Chrysler," the Republican lawmaker from Bainbridge Township said in a statement. "Members of Congress on the call were assured that there would be no permanent plant closings, but the idling of some plants for 30-60 days could be announced later in the day by Chrysler. We were also assured that no jobs would be lost."
The next decade is a crucial time in the battle against the Asian carp. There is ample evidence that the fish could devastate the Great Lakes, and they might eventually dominate all the major rivers and lakes of North America.
He crawled across Manhattan in a business suit and attached himself to a New York ATM wearing nothing but a skirt of dollar bills.
Wm. Andresevic
He said the woman was taken by helicopter to Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick where she was admitted for treatment.
New Hampshire led 3-0 after getting second-inning home runs from Mark Sobolewski (solo) and Koby Clemens (two-run) against starter Cory Arbiso. He then settled down and pitched scoreless frames in the third, fourth and fifth.
"What can I do to help save this community?" is one of the things King, who grew up in the Washington Park ghetto, asked himself in shaping "Real Life."
Anchor Oyster Bar
"This team has a lot of good young players that no one has ever heard of," said Byrd. "I mean, Pronk is the only guy with a candy bar named after him."
Cinnamon Snail food truck: Usually along Frank Sinatra Drive, Hoboken. Hours: 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Operates in Red Bank on Sunday. Website: cinnamonsnail.com.
If you're rolling your eyes at the thought of covering dozens of books, try this: Turn your books around so the spines face the back of the case. You'll be left with a textured backdrop of creamy white pages against which to create displays.
For bridal shower hosts feeling uninspired by traditional party ideas, it may be time to try a fresh approach to this customary pre-wedding celebration.
But her life fell into disarray when the hiccups finally stopped five weeks after they started. She ran away from home twice and her family has sued a hiccup cure company for allegedly using her image for profit without permission.
I know, it's tough re-living such a collapse. You hate to see anything bad happen to a New York team, especially when it's not the Yankees, so I won't go into any more detail.
"We must make the most of this moment," Ban told reporters. "We need to see more such progress, more international support for Myanmar's efforts to bring about democratic change."
That ride came to an abrupt halt the next fall -- Sept. 17, 1998 (Ray will never forget the date) -- when he was suspended by Carr for committing an NCAA secondary violation for improper contact with a sports agent.
The Rangers pulled away with a three-run seventh, scoring twice on grounders after Hamilton received an intentional walk.
Homan is identifiable throughout town for her commission work.
My experience in the Metro East gave me a broader perspective of the area, and opened my eyes to some great programs on the Metro East side. Most of my time was spent covering Granite City sports, and the people there are as passionate about their kids as any community in the area.
Investigators from the Oregon attorney general's office looked into the matter and declined to file criminal charges. Since then, the commissioner for Oregon's Bureau of Labor and Industries has filed a sexual harassment complaint.
So, naturally, Klasna yearned to be a farmer?
DeChellis was still hurt by every loss this year, and there were many of them. The Midshipmen carry the longest losing streak in Division I into next season, at 22 games. One of the team's three wins came against the Altoona branch of Penn State, a Division III school that finished 3-22. DeChellis' best player, J.J. Avila, left the school in the middle of the season.
As for eliminating government regulations, one only need recall that it was lack of regulations on the banking and finance industries that led to the Great Recession of 2007.
In terms of dealing with troubled cornerbacks, Fisher has been down this road before. Adam "Pacman" Jones was a No. 5 overall pick in the 2005 draft while Fisher was coaching the Tennessee Titans. It proved to be a colossal mistake. Jones played only two seasons with the Titans and was suspended for the entire 2007 season and part of the '08 year for off-the-field issues.
Nevertheless, two out of three St. Louis students test below grade level in reading and math.
The group includes several other big-city mayors and calls itself the Partnership for a New American Economy. It seeks to reframe immigration reform as the solution to repairing and stimulating the economy.
Your Next Step
Nelson added that the developer has already put in years of work pro bono, including four years of project coordination.
The bulb turns on and off throughout the night, reports Walter Duvall of Shaker Heights, whose house sits in the flash zone. He said calls to over the past two years brought repair crews to the street but didn't resolve the problem.
Rift between father and son
Still, for the rest of us, it's possible to draw a few broad conclusions and piece together a working definition of fitness.
Eats
After an administrative proceeding, a trade commission judge ruled Dec. 17 that Samsung had infringed two Kodak patents. Within a week, the companies announced they were negotiating an end to their dispute.
"My group has shown that this model, of one coach working with six to eight top runners, works," said Salazar, a Nike employee who coached three Olympic team members last summer. "Now, how do you expand it? I can't take on any more athletes, and even if I did, I'd be breaking with that model."
"If he doesn't draw the line that sharply and tries to tack toward the center, then I think it will be very difficult," Davis said.
Early in Sunday's game at Reliant Stadium, it was obvious the Texans didn't have their regular fire. They didn't play with the sense of urgency they had displayed for much of a team-record seven-game winning streak.
The Dow has climbed back slowly since its 2009 low of 6,547.05, and its other milestones have also generated a frenzy of attention. But as motivations for investment, their record has been mixed:
When: Saturday, 3 p.m. MDT
FDA and state investigators traced the listeria to machinery and pooled water areas in a packing shed where Jensen sent out 300,000 cases of cantaloupe. One of the faults cited by the FDA was a potato washing and sorting machine the farm added this year that did not allow for proper cleaning and drying to prevent bacteria.
Kaptur launched her campaign by subtly introducing herself to Cleveland-area voters as a representative who brings "real results," the unspoken implication being that Kucinich offered little in the way of substance. She talked frequently of being the No. 2 Democrat on the powerful House Appropriations Committee. She received a lift last week when the panel's top Democrat, Rep. Norm Dicks of Washington, announced his retirement, setting up her possible elevation.
The short-term goal is to build on the strength of Buick and Chevrolet while using Cadillac to tap into the growing luxury market. To distribute them, the number of dealers will grow to 3,500 this year from 2,900 at the end of 2011.
Running for re-election against Republicans who've questioned his economic stewardship, the president said he wants to restore the basic promise of America, "and it starts with manufacturing." Inside the factory, speaking to roughly 300 workers and guests, Obama was flanked by machinery and a banner with his latest slogan: "America Built to Last."
Structural changes were few. Avid cooks and entertainers, the Ongs eliminated a wall between the dining room and kitchen to create an open entertaining area. They raised the kitchen ceiling, eliminating the fluorescent fixtures and the popcorn ceiling finish. They also added polished deep-gray concrete countertops, curving the bar at one end to match the raised curved entryway.
Bad things are going to happen. Some of them, such as earthquakes, landslides and tornadoes, just don't mean anything. A Lee Harvey Oswald or Timothy McVeigh will occasionally happen. This doesn't mean anything except that, out of several hundred million souls, a few will spontaneously combust under the right conditions. We might be able to reduce our vulnerability, but we can never eliminate it.
"Forget about being a Tiger Mom or employee of the month," suggests Marcelo, who says she's embraced "managed chaos," as she calls it. Do it all? No. Have it all? Maybe.
April 9, the date for a hearing on whether Collette should issue an injunction against the review team, is past the April 5 deadline for Snyder to say whether Detroit needs an emergency manager.
"We've done a lot in particular areas," Emanuel said. "I'm not gonna let you kind of brush aside what happened over a year in one area as if other changes haven't occurred in the specific area of ethics and transparency.
"After three years of running in a negative, we just had to stop," she said. "I know people are going to miss us. This was a very hard decision, but you can't keep running in the hole. We have a lot of debt to pay."
Nicholas Sabina, 17, Alan Mendez, 16, and Darien Robinson, 15, were walking across the trestle Sunday evening when an eastbound train, headed for a repair station in Kearny and traveling about 60 mph, barreled down on them.
Harris said he felt good about his chances in Tuesday's balloting. He also predicted that turnout, at least on the Democratic side, will be low.
June's job growth came from 6,600 new positions in the private sector. Many of those were in a miscellaneous services category that spans everything from religious organizations to advocacy groups. The manufacturing sector -- mostly in aerospace -- added 1,300 jobs.
Contact Jessica Bautista at 856-686-3729 or jbautista@southjerseymedia.com
Cost: $10 per vehicle entry fee.
The architecture of the new stations, unfortunately, is not just weak but somehow aggressively banal.
The chapter was eye-opening for Isaac, who knows his students are susceptible to getting sidetracked too. Many are academic loners, used to navigating on their own, especially kids who are first in their family to go to college.
Long the weakest link in Oregon's technology economy, software has emerged strongly over the past few years -- spurred by a vibrant community of open source software developers and Web services companies that require little investment capital to get started.
Whites make up between 89 and 93 percent of all head coaches and 90 to 97 percent of athletic directors in Divisions I, II and III, the report card said.
In late February, after they responded to a domestic call at a home in the 5700 block of Quail Avenue N., where a 30-year-old man and a 28-year-old woman lived, authorities received information about the infant's remains when the man walked into the Crystal Police Department and told officers he had buried a dead baby in the back yard about four years ago.
Another draw is Saed Wadi, the chef's older brother and business partner, who acts as host, working the dining room like a seasoned politician, with two notable exceptions: His warmth is sincere, and his good humor is unflagging.
Councilman Dick Slutzky said he was glad to see the bill finally moving forward, adding he would have liked to pass it around Christmas so teachers could get it along with the other employees.
Career highlights: Seven age-group titles at the Ford Ironman World Championships in Kona, Hawaii; current holder of two age-group records; four-time women's Grandmasters Triathlete of the Year for USA Triathlon
An NHK broadcast Saturday detailed the deaths of some elderly evacuees and cataloged harsh conditions facing aged survivors of the disaster, including crowded quarters, interruptions in the normal regimens of medicine and a discontinuation of services such as physical therapy.
This was a critical, unprecedented election. But fewer than one in five voters bothered participating.
Who's laughing now?
3 tablespoons chopped parsley
But the hawkish rhetoric at an international conference masked a tacit agreement to put off serious talks on the issue until next year and an emerging view in the Kremlin that President Barack Obama's re-election would clear the way for a deal overcoming its objections to the U.S.-led missile-defense plan.
The tax might, however, be repealed. The medical device industry is widely dispersed across the country, so numerous members of Congress have constituencies affected by developments such as these:
Through eLiving, the name Eskaton uses for its new online platform, residents at three of the senior living provider's Northern California properties can connect for free with their families and one another, post profiles and photos, keep track of their medications and access not only their residence facility's activities calendar but also movies and audiobooks.
But the mud that was forced down the broken wellhead to permanently plug the gusher is only half the story. To call the mission a success, crews working on a flotilla of vessels on a desolate patch of water need to seal off the well from two directions.
And the Truth-O-Meter rated both claims Mostly True, according to weekend rulings from PolitiFact New Jersey.
The Internet is a powerful fund-raising tool for politicians and charities, but when aspiring entrepreneurs try to use it to raise money, they run afoul of securities laws.
"Undercover Brother's good at karate and all the rest of that, but the Brother can't drive," said Griffin, referring to his 2002 movie, after the accident.
Zipp had two hits and Vega doubled, but the Chargers were blanked by the Rams a day later. Asplund and Peter Vassallo also singled for Leland.
"In China, we need a real ashtray with a lighter and space to put a couple of cigarettes," Arbaugh said. "That's not something we are used to designing anymore."
At the committee meeting Monday, one woman in a sun hat with binoculars around her neck told lawmakers that more funding for park rangers is critical. Sallie Neubauer of the Citizens Committee to Save Elysian Park said the rangers "bring peace" to parks.
Get some R & R
Opens today; reception 5 p.m. April 6. Through May 5. Noon-6 p.m. Thurs.-Fri., 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Sat. and by appointment. Johansson Projects, 2300 Telegraph Ave., Oakland. (510) 444-9140. www.johanssonprojects.com.
There is a small wood bar off to one side, and although the beer and wine selection was by no means extensive, the restaurant offers more variety than most South Asian restaurants, with affordable wines by the glass and the bottle. Notably, there are also some 15 types of tea, from those that are supposed to rev up your sex drive to others brewed to open your third eye.
"Traditionally they haven't done it because of the competition -- there's a huge amount of competition in Asia for these things," said Axel Merk, portfolio manager of Merk Investments. "But you can only push these things so far."
Cardinals coach Ken Whisenhunt was philosophical.
Patriots owner Robert Kraft recalled the tight hugs he got from Seau in the locker room following games.
We learn to look in front of the boat, rather than to the side, and soon we spot moms with babies firmly attached swinging from tree branch to tree branch or munching contentedly on fruit. At ground level, I see solitary males, with their telltale large, leathery cheek pads, along the reedy banks.
"I think the anticipation of you only need three more outs so let's get 'em done," Stoszkus reasoned. "I don't know. It was like a big anticipation thing. But then we just need to calm done, get three outs and do our jobs."
curriculum and was hired by Crown Forklift to service its equipment. The 600 students at UTI pay $30,000 to $36,000 for their training, and more than 80 percent will have jobs within a year of graduation, school officials say.
BOSTON TOWNSHIP
What started as a fascinating Facebook revolution in Tunisia spread violently to Egypt and now is seriously threatening to topple much of the Middle East. Suddenly the world seems a wee bit safer for democracy but a lot less from mobs with pitchforks and standing armies with questionable allegiances.
"It's not too long," Haddadin said of the seven-day postponement. "We'll see what is going to happen."
Cup or bowl?: Luchita's Mexican Restaurant had the perfect antidote to the sweltering spring temperatures last week. Its Facebook page noted this special: Soup of the Day: Frozen Margarita.
About 15 minutes later, the same deputies stopped a car driven by Stephen Correa in the 4200 block of West Indian School Road. They said Correa, 24, had made an illegal lane change.
Baker, 62, and her husband, Lewis Lubin, 56, have turned their Roble Road garden into an artificial ecosystem with a drainage network that saves water and provides wildlife habitat.
A state law says that a hospital district shall help with the cost of care for the poor by giving a share of that money to the county if asked. However, this is the first time commissioners have asked.
What those changes will be remains to be seen.
The study, by researchers at Tufts Medical Center in Boston, was partially funded by the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine and was published in August in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The money is coming from a $2 billion grant the state was awarded in 2010 from the U.S. Treasury Department's Hardest Hit Fund. The grant provides four types of assistance to low- and moderate-income homeowners who can document a financial hardship.
Hirschfeld said she has helped pet owners do estate planning for bunnies and for elephants living at a family-owned sanctuary.
Everyone knew.
Why would commissioners go in a new direction when the firm has been so successful in the past? What could it be? Certainly not that Burges was the political strategist behind Issue 6, the proposal that changed county government and abolished the commissioners' jobs.
Instead, the Bears' general manager took the high road while addressing the media Thursday at Halas Hall. If it took restraint, it didn't show.
Colombian prostitutes and lavish partying in Vegas inspire hot headlines -- and understandably infuriate the public. But concerned as President Obama must be over the unfolding embarrassments in the Secret Service and the General Services Administration, he may actually be comforted by the feeble attempts of a few politicians to wring political profit from those scandals. The likelihood that the White House is implicated can be measured by their stature.
Fourteen games into his sixth professional season, Taylor, 26, has done both, hitting .407 (22 for 54) for the River Cats with a team-leading eight doubles and 12 RBIs.
would take over the lease from Chinook Ventures, which has a long history of environmental problems at the site.
94. New York Giants: Jayron Hosley, CB, Virginia Tech
Both are setting their sights on contests down the road.
Pringle was clinging to life as he was rushed to Highland Hospital, which placed calls to his parents and his wife, Tamisha Pringle, who lives in Hayward.
When that happens, it won't matter who's in charge or whose plan is in place. It will just make life more miserable for everyone -- most especially the city's beleaguered residents.
If you have room in your heart, wallet or reading list for just one book of short stories this year, make it Etgar Keret's "Suddenly, A Knock On The Door." I don't care that it's only April: It's a superlative collection, one that will easily stand up to all comers.
Initial claims have dropped four out of the past six weeks and many economists say they are likely to soon resume their decline.
Most matches are successful, but clashes are inevitable.
The red flags are easy to see: Express Scripts wants to combine two of the three biggest companies in the pharmacy benefit management industry, giving it influence over 30 percent of the nation's prescriptions. Two companies - Express Scripts and CVS/Caremark - would control nearly half the industry.
One of those is 16-year-old Gabrielle Douglas, who moved from Virginia to train with Chow and who was part of the 2011 U.S. world championship gold-medal winning team.
Most of them come from an equestrian background. Some of the acrobats have been performing with more traditional circuses, but the performers who are dealing with the horses have never been in a circus.
Illinois Sparkling Co. wines range from dry and citrusy to downright fruity, but all of them offer bright acidity, a hallmark of the best sparkling wines and Champagnes. My favorite Illinois Sparking Co. bottling is the one they call Brut, with its green plaid label. Offering bursts of grapefruit and a dry, short finish, this is a wine you could sip all night. You also could drink it with oysters - a classic pairing - or just about any spicy foods.
Danielle calls 911 as Teresa walks off. Jacqueline is still standing near the car, and Kim G. gets out to talk to her. ("Don't let Kim hit her! Don't let Kim hit her!" Danielle says.) Jacqueline essentially says that Danielle brought this on herself by talking about other people behind their backs. Kim G. finds Teresa, who is pissed at her. Kim G. says that she knows Teresa tried to be nice to Danielle -- as if! -- and that "something went terribly wrong." But I call everybody honey!, Teresa claims innocently. Not her fault! Nuh-uh! Ashley tells Teresa and the Kims that she yanked out Danielle's hair "because I thought she touched my mom." Like, when? When Danielle was fleeing the scene with Jacqueline in hot pursuit? Ashley has no regrets.
The late scoring was moot as Seattle's hitters failed to dent the scoreboard for a second straight game coming out of the All-Star break.
"This is not a hobby; this is my passion," Reinken says, adding he didn't hesitate once about starting a furniture business in the current economy -- not to mention a market hard hit by the housing crash.
The Associated Press contributed information to this report.
A proposed reorganization of New Jersey's higher education system, released last month by a special state task force and supported by Gov. Chris Christie, has set tongues wagging across New Jersey.
They come from a group called the Baltimore Coalition of Reason and aim to promote a Washington event called Reason Rally.
The group has extended the application deadline until April 20. No word on whether ICANN will push back from April 29 the announcement of who applied for what names.
So this review of "The Trinity Six" must be light on the plot summary: Sam Gaddis is a professor and writer of Slavic history who starts researching the possibility of a sixth British-born Cold War spy, revising what has been known as the Cambridge Five in Britain, the Magnificent Five in Russia. Murders, cross-Europe flights and beautiful women ensue. Charles Cumming's latest novel is a fun and fast-paced adventure, as a thriller should be, and beyond that, it's smart -- and because even the littlest in plot holes gape wide in thrillers, that's refreshing.
Are patients aware of these firms' involvement? What are doctors' concerns? Can hospitals ensure that contractors adhere to institutional values?
The troublesome branch extends up and over French Creek Road utility lines like a high jumper clearing a bar. Crellin worries that the bulky limb just west of Muirwood Road may snap and take out the lines or -- worse yet -- a traveler who passes underneath at the wrong time. "I would hate to see something happen," she said.
x-Saturday, May 12: Boston at Atlanta, TBD
Turns out, big business is throwing more than just conversation at the effort. Eight to 10 CEOs of some of the Twin Cities largest companies have contributed $25,000 each to hire Sperling and analyze the various stadium site proposals, multiple sources say. Among them: Ken Powell, chairman and chief executive of General Mills; Richard Davis, chairman and chief executive of U.S. Bancorp; and Doug Baker, chairman and chief executive of St. Paul-based Ecolab.
Dr. Moramarco is survived by his wife Clarissa of Bankers Hill; sons Stephen of Los Angeles, and Nicholas of Mogro, Spain; two grandchildren; and first wife, Sheila Sobell of Reno, Nev.
Or the Rutgers University stop at City Hall, Camden?
Disgust. Outrage. Disappointment.
At the press conference, McGinn explained why he waited until mid-afternoon Tuesday to sign an emergency order granting police officers the right to confiscate items that could be used as weapons from protesters, including sticks used to hold signs and flags, tire irons, and hammers.
Activities: Student Leadership Council treasurer ... Fitness Club Student Activities Council representative ... Student Fundraising Panel member ... Compact Team ... St. Louis High Performance Volleyball Club ... Biloxi service trip ... participant in St. Louis Artists' Guild ... Post-Dispatch 100 Neediest Cases Drawing Competition participant.
Bud Shaw is a longtime sports reporter and columnist that came to Cleveland over 20 years ago from working in Philadelphia. His vast knowledge of sports has on display for the Plain Dealer as a columnist.
The five wounded have been taken to local hospitals, but no word on any of their conditions.
* As the Times notes, Apple -- which has an annual revenue of $108 billion, more than the combined state budgets of Michigan, New Jersey and Massachusetts -- has made millions for individual investors, 401(k)s and pension plans. As an Apple exec notes, "We shouldn't be criticized for using Chinese workers. The U.S. has stopped producing people with the skills we need."
The chilling figures come the morning after Obama called for a five-year freeze on domestic agency budgets passed by Congress each year. But those nondefense programs make up just 18 percent of the $3.7 trillion budget, which means any upcoming deficit reduction package -- at least one that begins to significantly slow the gush of red ink -- will require politically dangerous curbs to popular benefit programs, which include Social Security, Medicare, the Medicaid health care program for the poor and disabled, and food stamps.
In 2001, the issue exploded. After five hours of public testimony and a 4-1 City Council vote to keep officers in the task force (with Hales now opposed), critics turned their backs or walked out of City Hall as politicians tried to explain. The next year, opponents yelled, "Shame on you!" after a unanimous vote to stay in.
Saturday: "Welcome Back Hummingbirds!" 10-11:30 a.m.; "Trees & Shrubs for Small Spaces & Container Gardens," noon-1 p.m.; "Creating an Outdoor Oasis; Design Ideas for Your Landscape," 2-3 p.m.; Sunday: "New & Recommended Trees for Colorado," 11 a.m.-noon; "Creating an Outdoor Living Space: Maximize Your Backyard by Creating an Outdoor Room," 1-2 p.m. 7711 S. Parker Road, Centennial, 303-690-4722, tagawagardens.com
His testimony contained no surprises, but jurors and spectators watched with rapt attention as Pettitte spoke, retelling the story of using the banned drug human growth hormone in 2002 and 2004.
Morgan was recently promoted to Newark's Special Investigations Unit and was remembered by co-workers and friends as a dedicated officer and family man. He will be buried Saturday after a funeral at St. Lucy's Parish in Newark, said Jimmy Stewart, vice president of Newark's Fraternal Order of Police, who said officers were pleased to see progress in the investigation.
The vibe: During busy hours, it always feels like a bit of a frat party. Somehow, here, it doesn't feel like a bad thing. On the flip side, when it's quiet, the bartenders are good for a chat.
All sorts of objections could have been made, including Perez's rehab time in spring training after hurting himself by overthrowing, and the skimpy three appearances he made against big-league hitters after recovering.
The Bonneville Power Administration, manager of hydropower dams in the Columbia and Snake, spent $165 million on habitat improvements and fish-related dam operations.
But today, more than two decades after the Soviet Union collapsed, the U.S. still has 79,000 military personnel stationed in Europe in four brigade combat teams. As The Denver Post's Allison Sherry explained recently, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has said he'd like to withdraw two of them, which is progress, but Coffman would withdraw all four.
Legroom and headroom is great in the second row and decent in the third row. The seats in the "way back" are low to the floor, but taller adults can still sit comfortably. I am 6 feet, 2 inches tall with my Tom Cruise shoes on, and seven of me could comfortably handle road trips of any duration in the JX. Just pack a lot of food. Yes, the front and middle seats are preferable, but adults won't feel as if they lost a bet if they're relegated to row No. 3.
"He felt indebted to his country and wanted to be part of the reason America is so great, but he was so excited to go into business with his brother," Germain said.
A Jersey City man was arrested on Monday after he allegedly walked into a Hoboken liquor store, knocked five bottles of wine off a display and left the store after he found out how much the bottles would cost, according to police.
Organizers planned to hold the Rock Beyond Belief event this year, but they canceled after saying Bragg leadership was not providing the same support it gave to an evangelical Christian concert last fall.
I decided to withdraw my money because Dollar Bank notified me that they were going to cut my interest rate from 1 percent to 0.25 percent on any amount over $100,000.
"This is so painful, " said Abell.
"As soon as they placed him in my arms I knew it had all been worth it," Sorvino says. "He is my miracle baby."
March 13, at Wells Fargo Center, Flyers, 3-0: Recap: Bryzgalov recorded his third consecutive shutout and Danny Briere ended a 23-game scoreless drought with an empty-netter.
In 2006, one of his goals was to raise the state cap on charter schools from 100 to 250; it was raised to 200.
The next day, Kelley began cooperating. Over the next several months, he wore a recording device 20 times for the FBI and helped agents snare county auditor's employee Dennis Dooley, who bribed Kelley with $5,000 in cash as an "upfront payment" for a better-paying job with the Cleveland Metroparks. Dooley pleaded guilty in federal court and was sentenced to 27 months in prison in 2010.
Althoff was for two for 16 from the field in the third quarter after going one for 11 in the third quarter.
The game played on Arizona's ancient ball courts might have more closely resembled basketball than baseball but an apt analogy can still be made connecting the ancient ball courts to modern spectator sports.
The Oregon Transformation Project political action committee traditionally focuses on state legislative races but started contributing earlier this year to three local Clackamas County efforts: the conservative Ask Damascus group; Clackamas Rail Vote, the political action committee behind an anti-light rail initiative measure, sponsored by Knapp, that will appear on the county's Sept. 18 ballot; and Milwaukie Matters, the political action committee gathering signatures for a similar initiative effort in Milwaukie. The PAC also has contributed to anti-rail efforts in Washington County.
Cory Atkinson might have given up his multimillion-dollar houses in Wentzville and near Lake Tahoe, but his wife isn't quite ready to part with the couple's fleet of vehicles.
Sources said Bencivengo is under investigation for corruption, but a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney for New Jersey would not confirm or deny an investigation into the two-term Republican mayor.
And the work begins this weekend as most of the Blazers' brain trust -- including assistant general managers Bill Branch and Steve Rosenberry, director of NBA scouting Michael Born and Buchanan -- will be in New Jersey. The two-day group workout will not feature any draft lottery talent, but will include many of the 69 college underclassmen who have declared early for the draft.
The warrant states that John Heath had an odd reaction to the news he received on April 15, 2010, the day police told him the remains they found on his former property belonged to his missing wife.
Also on Wednesday, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel weighed in on a contested northwest suburban primary for Congress by backing former federal Veterans Affairs official Tammy Duckworth.
"He should have inquired about what kind of duties would be acceptable for someone in a (visitor's) status to perform," Chatham said. "Like if he owned a company that did marketing and he had this guy do his website, I think ICE would come down on him and say, 'You are an employer who is allowing someone to work for you regardless of the fact you are not paying a wage.' "
After signing up at NOVA in Sunnyvale, Calif., a federally funded employment and training service, and taking classes in how to transition to a career in green energy, he found work at a solar company.
The Catch? Gary Oldman voices a great bad guy, but did we need a sequel?
Clean Line Energy is owned by Ziff Brothers Investments LLC and Michael Zilkha of Houston, who previously owned Horizon Wind Energy LLC. Several former Horizon executives are part of the company's senior management.
"Why would you take a school bus, and where do you hide a school bus?" asked Jefferson County sheriff's Capt. Ron Arnhart, speaking for vexed investigators.
BUSHMILLS IRISH COFFEE
Wells Combined Schools administrators say an undisclosed number of students will face disciplinary action for a football camp hazing incident.
Hamilton was teaching at the nondenominational school in 2009, when she married. About two months later, she and her husband met with the principal to request maternity leave. During the meeting, Hamilton said the baby was conceived before the two were married. Hamilton was fired a short time later.
"Some didn't believe me at first," Zagara said. "We could have cut their wages, but you don't do that to people. We had to build up morale."
"I understand that people who are not smokers do not want to be around smoke," he said. "But if you are in a bar, you should expect to be surrounded by smokers."
The week before the grand prix, the city of Baltimore experienced an earthquake, followed by Hurricane Irene and all the unnecessary hype that had us huddling in fear. Just days after the Baltimore Grand Prix, the city's been awash in the remnants of Tropical Storm Lee. The rains came and keep coming!
And as a pop figure, of course, he has few rivals.
He's just not as optimistic as he would have been if three players he was counting on hadn't decided to take the spring off.
Something else was in the air, though. Call it girl power.
4. All-day happy hour
Q: Boyhood idol?
Pantoliano graduated from high school with a third-grade reading level and started to educate himself to read scripts.
"Hoosiers said yous, and often added guys behind it. Hoosier women screamed obscenities at their children, wore clothes that let all the cellulite show, and read movie magazines. Hoosier men spat on the sidewalks, and hoosier teenagers all smoked cigarettes. Hoosiers were TV talk show watching mouth breathers who were too out of it to know they were hoosiers."
When Quizz got hurt, McCants started three games and finished the 2008 season with 337 yards on 85 carries.
Only in Washington could a semantic argument such as this take place and have weight. In the real world, the point of departure is the status quo. So, an increase in existing tax rates would be a tax increase and raise money. Maintaining existing tax rates wouldn't cost a thing. A tax cut would be a reduction in existing rates.
Henry provided the decisive moment on offense. In the seventh minute, defender Connor Lade lofted a long ball from the left sideline that Henry and Revolution defender Stephen McCarthy raced for. Henry muscled off McCarthy at the top of the box and lofted his shot over the head of Revs goalkeeper Matt Reis, who had drifted too far off his line.
The new neighborhood was rough. Our old neighborhood was all white, solid middle class; our new, multicultural neighborhood ranged from families living below the poverty line to lower middle-class families. I stuck out like a sore thumb. I mostly played with the younger kids in the neighborhood, as the ones my age and older wanted little to do with me.
On Wednesday, the court ruled that the three could choose whether to stay with their new husbands or return to their parents. All three decided to stay.
GOP chair Dick Wadhams declined to comment on that prospect but characterized Brown's endorsement withdrawal as "significant."
Cameron, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, Labour leader Ed Milliband, London Mayor Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary William Hague and former Prime Minister John Major were among the leading U.K. politicians picking their way through the crowd.
The panel that will now take up the facts of the case will include CTU Vice President Jesse Sharkey, CPS deputy general counsel Joseph Moriarty and arbitrator Edwin Benn. Ultimately, the arbitrator will make the recommendations in a final report.
In January, Schimmel announced he had cirrhosis of the liver.
Last year, and even more so the year before, the commitments were early, and the flip-flops were so often that Waffle House probably considered signing on as a sponsor.
The group was to meet on Tuesday with St. Louis County Executive Charlie Dooley; Garry Earls, the county's chief operating officer, and Sheryl Hodges, director of public works and highways and traffic.
Already, Ohio's work force is growing older at a quickening pace. People aged 45 to 64 now account for 53 percent of the work force, up from 44 percent a decade ago, lending the Buckeye state the 10th oldest work force in America.
THEFT, ACACIA PARK DRIVE: Two residents of Sherri Park Apartments, temporarily displaced due to the March 29 fire there, returned to their apartment April 28 and found items missing. The items included a $200 iPod, a $60 Xbox controller and a $120 pair of contact lenses.
The problem is the vagueness of Stern's answer. City leaders have said they want the Maloof family, which owns the Kings, to chip in $85 million for the arena, and want AEG, which is in line to run the arena, to add $50 million. Stern, however, told TNT that he considers any money coming from AEG to be a part of the team contribution. If the city wants $135 million in financial help, will AEG pay all of it?
But the man the terrorists were counting on to carry out the attack was actually working for the CIA and Saudi intelligence, U.S. and Yemeni officials told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
What would Acta tell a younger version of himself, be he Latin, black or Asian, languishing in the minors as a player, but dreaming big-league thoughts of being a manager?
Boards: Serves on the boards of the Sherwin-Williams Company, Park-Ohio Holding Corp. , BioEnterprise Corp. and the Cleveland Institute of Music. He has served As Chairman of the board of trustees at the Cleveland Clinic for 13 years.
I would eliminateevery form of mandatory occupational licensing. Life would be freer, safer and less expensive right away.
College baseball: Vanguard at Westmont (DH), noon
Several St. John's businesses, including Starbucks, A Dog's Life, Safeway, Fred Meyer, Tre Bone and the Timbers' 107th Army, contributed funds to the walkathon.
"We're running a sustained campaign between now and November," Engstrom said. "This is now the largest campaign in the history of the U.S. Chamber."
That was back in 2003, and since then Jackson has changed everything from his diet and exercise regimen to the frequency with which he sees his doctors, all to enjoy a healthier lifestyle. He's now helping spread the lessons he learned through a new outreach program from pharmaceutical company Merck called Taking Diabetes to Heart.
Ease of viewing: Excellent. Within walking distance of many hotels and rental apartments in a popular vacation enclave.
"It depends on whether the people really feel it is important, this institution," the Dalai Lama said at a news conference. "If it is no longer relevant, it will not exist."
bicycle and pedestrian crossing over Kellogg Lake as a part of the MAX alignment. Asher said that grant is still under review. The city will have a grant decision by April.
The other two men already had been sentenced, Hogsett said.
Georgia Tech 76, Georgetown 64: Sydney Wallace continued her scoring tear with 23 points, and the Yellow Jackets (26-8) claimed their first berth in the regional semifinals with the victory at Chapel Hill, N.C. Sugar Rodgers had 14 points on four-of-19 shooting for the Hoyas (23-9), who were denied a second straight spot in the round of 16.
Trustees formally dedicated the Peter H. Raven Library at the Garden yesterday.
There is little self-pity here. The women chat. No one talks of illness. Hope prevails.
Huddle With Medwish
U.S. coach Tab Ramos is preparing the squad for the 2013 FIFA Under-20 World Cup qualifying tournament, likely to begin in early
According to the company, Hardee's breakfast segment accounts for about 45 percent of overall sales, while Carl's Jr. breakfast sales represent only about 15 percent of sales. Breakfast overall has been an economic engine for the restaurant industry. Over the past year, it has shown the greatest growth in visits among all meal types, according to market research firm the NPD Group.
CARP _ AND PLAN B
Somewhere amidst it all, she married Franklin (the usually solid John C. Reilly in a less-than-memorable portrayal) and gave birth to their hateful son, who starts driving his mom crazy almost as soon as he can talk.
This is the ultimate sin in boxing. It has destroyed lives and disgraced the sport. Billy Collins likely committed suicide by driving into a ditch after losing to Luis Resto, who used loaded gloves when they fought in 1983. The loss to Resto, a journeyman, stole a promising career away from Collins.
Aarion Penton went to the Missouri football program's Junior Day festivities on Saturday not quite knowing what might come of it. What came of it was an offer and a verbal commitment to be a Tiger starting in 2013.
In April, Donnelly brought Pearce to the Capitol to tout Donnelly's version of the Arizona legislation. Pearce stood with Donnelly and seven other California Republican legislators on the north steps of the Capitol, and declared states must "protect against this invasion."
Wright derided the charging language as "prosecution by multiple guess or mystery." He accused prosecutors of alleging that hepatitis was transmitted "by methods unknown."
Note: This article has been updated with comment from Jive and additional context.
A series of cameras aimed at Euclid Avenue traffic filled out most of the rest of East Cleveland's album. Lenses overlooking a half-dozen intersections on the busy corridor captured more than 4,700 violators. The hot spots? That would be Euclid at Forest Hills Boulevard (1,360 tickets) and Euclid at Lee Boulevard (1,144).
Size: 16,300 square feet.
CALERO: Use jigs or plastics on the main lake 20 feet deep. Use swimbaits in coves for bass, too. 408-268-3883, 408-463-0711.
"To make a long story short, if there is a communication break between the master and the local, there is a slight possibility that the two will not be synchronized.
Boulder at Pomona, NAAC, 3 p.m.
Harper got the call from Class AAA Syracuse (N.Y.) last weekend because injuries have depleted the Washington offense. Third baseman Ryan Zimmerman began throwing Tuesday in his rehab from a sore shoulder.
While Vivian and two-time Pac-12 Gymnast of the Year Leslie Mak will be leading the charge for OSU, Jones is also an important piece of the puzzle if she comes through with big scores on vault and bars.
James Walker, one of Grover's sons, said at the time, "We all decided that we should turn all our flags right side up and show our unity against this terrorism."
Season series: Kings 3-1.
But retail experts caution against expecting too much of still-wary consumers who might still have credit card bills to pay.
Hello ... Fred Hill Jr.?
Further, the district handled all interviews at the final 24 schools, according to a presentation last month to the blue-ribbon commission.
11:15 a.m.: Mature Mile
I'm a firm believer that wedding vows are a very serious thing, so after 25 years I decided I had to resign myself to "This is just the way it is." - Lonely at 59
THEFT, BROOKPARK ROAD: On March 23, an area business reported the theft of a purse. The suspect was chased into the Metroparks by a witness. The purse was recovered with some items missing, but the thief got away.
Jaime Castrillon scored for the Rapids in the 21st minute, and Sene leveled it in the 27th minute. Cardenas gave the Revolution the lead in the 39th minute.
All along the way, she set specific goals on a "to-do" list, and counted her blessings.
The new wedding date will be in late September or early October, though Cubberly wonders if the third time really is a charm.
Gov. Jan Brewer overhauled the board last month, replacing two voting members and longtime Chairman Duane Belcher with three new people in what some defense attorneys and anti-death-penalty advocates said was a political move.
The Cavs shouldn't feel too badly about compromising theirs in agreeing to whatever terms required to keep James in Cleveland.
What unfolded over the next decade was "not a textbook definition of a new town," Smith said in an interview Friday. It would not have a grocery store, gas station or other amenities. It was an experiment of another kind, ahead of its time.
Instead, Tuesday's hearing was similar to a progress report Adams and Sullivan gave in January to the Missouri Board of Eduction, where they placed even greater emphasis on how close the district is to qualifying for reaccreditation. If an additional 13 sixth- through eighth-graders had scored better in communications arts last spring, Adams repeated on Tuesday, the 24,000-student district would have the one academic point needed to qualify. The state rates school districts on a 14-point scale, with zero to five points being the range for an unaccredited district. St. Louis schools have six points, but are lacking one point in the academic area.
He was about 10 years old at the time.
The grace of God is compared to "dew." In its original context, "dew" is a divine influence or covering. It is the gentle moistening of the earth that covers and refreshes vegetation. When the heat (pressures) of the day comes, dew vanishes. The grace of God, like dew, is to be daily waited for and renewed.
Districts made the decision to go on Tuesday's ballot even before they learned what the state budget had in store for them. Gov. John Kasich's budget proposal came down hard on many suburban districts that don't get much from the state to begin with because they are considered property-wealthy.
A department spokesman tells the Post-Bulletin (http://bit.ly/KTj1vA) that Commissioner Tom Roy decided Monday to continue Salinas' case for another eight years before his next parole hearing.
107 Roderick Dr, $18,000
Wednesday is the final day under the state constitution that lawmakers can act on the proposals, and neither branch of the Legislature is scheduled to meet.
Sleep specialists at Case Western Reserve University reported Monday that obstructive sleep apnea -- breathing interruptions caused by a blocked airway -- is associated with a potentially deadly rhythm disturbance of the heart's lower chambers.
Applicants must be in good standing in their school, have a good reference from their high school counselor, demonstrate financial need, have at least a 2.0 grade point average and be active in extra-curricular activities. Applicants also must attach a paragraph to their applications stating the goals they hope to reach 10 years after high school graduation.
Statistics show that medical centers nationwide are acquiring art collections worth millions of dollars, with the aim of improving patient satisfaction. Curator Nancy Rosen estimated that Hopkins' new collection is valued "in the low millions."
Officers went to the house and found Nguyen burning unusable marijuana plants in the fireplace, authorities said. State Police were notified and the investigation over the next few days led to four other rented houses, and the discovery of a total of 3,370 growing plants, 115 pounds of harvested marijuana worth $400,000, as well as $65,000 cash.
In that case, the company argued that Chevedden couldn't prove to its satisfaction that he actually owned his shares.
Is UH -- whose emergency department is the second busiest behind MetroHealth Medical Center, the region's only Level I trauma center -- primed to seek designation as a trauma center?
As Abigail Adams once said, "These are times in which a genius would wish to live. It is not in the still calm of life, or the repose of a pacific station, that great characters are formed."
What is?
PONDEROSA 1, FOREST LAKE CHRISTIAN 0
At 3-4 away from home, Cleveland is four shy of matching its entire road win total from 2010-11.
A: I think it's a little worse. Basically always the problem, after about the first five years, was the bottleneck in distribution and exhibition. There's good things and bad things about everything. The good thing is the technology and I think the number of people who come out of film schools and would love to work on a film for very little money, if any, means that more and more feature films are being made every year in this country. I think Sundance gets about 2,000 feature films a year.
British cycling-clothing company Rapha last fall launched a clothing collection with designer Paul Smith. It includes a purple polka-dot neck scarf and a jaunty cap for men.
Chances are Harris has one more UO appearance on his schedule when he works out at Oregon's Pro Day in March. If he doesn't get invited to the NFL Scouting Combine, which he probably won't, then that day will be quite telling as to where he lands in the draft.
Sunday's bombing in Aleppo occurred in the city's Sulemaniyeh neighborhood, also home to many Christians. The official news agency said the bomb went off near the "Latin Church." It was unclear whether Sunday services were going on at the time.
The deals that triggered the loss at JPMorgan are "the kind of financial risk-taking that got us into this financial meltdown in the first place," Merkley said Friday in a conference call with reporters. He was referring to the complicated and largely unregulated deals that banks and even insurance companies constructed that began unraveling in 2008, triggering the deepest financial crisis since the Great Depression.
"The joke was that they were going to send me to Audubon (in South Jersey) next," Carr said.
The missing girls are 8-year-old Kyliyah Bain, 12-year-old Alexandria and 14-year-old Adrienne. They were last seen April 27 in Hardeman County, Tenn. The woman's husband reported her missing and her car was found abandoned.
WASHINGTON - Expanding the prostitution investigation, the Secret Service acknowledged Thursday it is checking whether its employees hired strippers and prostitutes in advance of President Barack Obama's visit last year to El Salvador.
The tweet was about an exchange between Spooner and Timberolves coach Kurt Rambis, who questioned a foul call. According to the suit, "Coach Rambis walked away from plaintiff Spooner, commenting with words to the effect of, 'That's fine, but how do I get
It could be argued that religious organizations should have to provide coverage of oral contraceptives only for non-family-planning uses. But this takes us back to the early history of the pill in this country. Women who want to make their own choices about their reproductive futures will start claiming one of the related conditions, and they will find sympathetic doctors to go along.
2. "Buried Prey'' - John Sandford
"The current structure, with dilapidated buildings, understaffed centers, and a lack of resources and programming is not adequate and certainly doesn't make sense in this economic climate," said spokesman Ryan O'Doherty.
The score's tinges of theatricality include total darkness at the start and other movement about the stage. What made Sunday's performance, led by artistic director Carlton Woods, so vibrant was the way the musicians interacted on numerous levels. Violinists Kenneth Johnston and Molly Dumm duked it out winningly as their colleagues made piquant observations.
In January, the newly elected council members and an executive will replace the three commissioners whose offices were eliminated by the charter. The council will have legislative authority, and the executive will have power to introduce and veto ordinances and resolutions.
Chris Webber called a timeout Michigan did not have against North Carolina in 1993, giving former Tar Heels coach Dean Smith another bizarre national title. "The score stands, doesn't it?" snapped Smith, after fielding one too many questions about luck.
Orton, meanwhile, has thrown for 602 yards (three touchdowns and one interception), so he and the receivers (welcome to the NFL, Demaryius Thomas) are holding up their section of the rope.
At Key, where commercial loans have increased for four straight quarters, the numbers are good news on two fronts, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Beth Mooney said in an interview: That Key has played it smart by targeting middle-market businesses and that those businesses are borrowing more.
But how many men pass their time in a shop when they aren't shopping? MR., the now-defunct barber salon on Sacramento Street, offered a bar and lounge as part of its appeal and lasted just a few years, closing in 2010. (The space is now Wingtip, a private gentlemen's social club.) But unless he's in the market for a blazer, or a little off the top, don't most fellows do their socializing with pals and their drinking in bars?
6 SPRING OAKS DR $135,000
"Art should be accessible to everyone," he explained. "It shouldn't be a big mystery."
It's one of six nonprofit groups licensed earlier this year by the state to grow and sell medical marijuana under the strictest of the 16 state laws that allow medical marijuana.
Those developments raised the prospect that world supplies would be at their most tenuous just as the summer driving season arrived in the developed world. The price of U.S. benchmark oil rose to about $110. The price for international oil used to make most of the gasoline in the U.S. spiked even higher, to $128 per barrel.
Women in the workplace are still the primary caregivers of their families. If you've ever had a sick child and a demanding job, you face a whole different set of circumstances than those women not torn by such conflicting obligations.
Lariviere seemed surprised.
Actress and model Mischa Barton has her Beverly Hills Post Office area compound for sale at $8,695,000 or for lease at $30,000 a month.
Contact: 216-226-5200, playerson madison.com
Greenwald agreed that species-by-species decisions are difficult and broader habitat preservation may make more sense.
Given the severity of her injuries, he was stunned by how oblivious she seemed to pain.
"For everyone calling me anorexic I have a gluten and lactose allergy," she tweeted. "It's not about weight it's about health.
"I told the girls that they have to go out there and earn respect," Tritz said. "They came out hard, and they played much better."
Thanks to Dr. Bob Spidell, chairman of the Mission SJC Docent Society education committee, the Forster family tree clears up where Frank Forster fits in the lineage of former Mission SJC owner Don Juan Forster. Frank Forster was Don Juan Forster's grandson, and Tony Forster was Frank Forster's grandson and Don Juan Forster's great-great-grandson. How's that for a "Jeopardy" answer?
7. Chilean mesquite, or Prosopis chilensis, is a common tree planted in parking areas throughout the Southwest. Unfortunately, it also is commonly pruned incorrectly.
Her unofficial time was 1:21:11.
The map divides 51 counties, 108 townships, 55 cities and 41 wards for a total of 255 divisions, according to the lawsuit.
In the fall, Za'Zell started taking classes at Cypress College and had enrolled in a class called Society and Victimization. Wallace stayed home and watched her two daughters, age 8 and 3. "She was going to school to become a domestic-violence counselor, and Will hated it, hated it," Za'Zell's grandmother, Sallie Baker, told me.
"If we can keep them away from our kids, all the better," said Runnion, who has advocated for child safety laws through her non-profit group, Joyful Child Foundation, created in memory of her daughter, Samantha.
"He has been popping in and around the box and causing problems. He makes good use of the ball and he makes good decisions," Wilkinson said. "I love the fact that he keeps defenders on the opposition honest by looking to go at them."
But most of the Northwest's federally licensed hydropower dams have now obtained licenses to operate that will extend for another three to five decades.
Authorities said the alleged plot was hatched from prison by Sherifi, who is serving a 45-year sentence for taking part in a plot to attack the U.S. Marine Corps base at Quantico, Va., and targets overseas.
Q. Other than accrued seasons, what determines a restricted free agent?
More than 30 people were reported killed nationwide, and in a central neighborhood of Damascus a car bomb exploded, injuring at least one person. Shooting and explosions were reported elsewhere, including Homs, Hama and Dara.
But look at some New Jerseyans the hall has left out.
"There's clearly a sentiment among neighbors that we want Lure to go away," said Matt O'Leary, a property owner and the petition's official representative. "Their patrons have behaved in a way that has made the neighborhood less attractive, less safe and created a perception that downtown is a dangerous place."
Spence's campaign so far has focused almost exclusively on job growth. He has criticized Nixon on economic development and said he supports right-to-work laws, which prohibit making joining a union a requirement of employment.
Energy/water accounts: HB 2830 allows cities, towns, counties and school districts to set up energy and water savings accounts and regulates how the funds may be used.
Here's a chronological look at some that might strike a Floridian's fancy.
I didn't have the Blues on the radar screen until 1975, when I landed at Mizzou as a freshman. Mike Liut was all that for the Note in the pre-Ornest Era, stealing games with swagger. It's safe to say the Blues haven't had anybody like him since. Greg Millen and Rick Wamsley had big moments, but just passed through. Curtis Joseph was often spectacular, but he suffered a full meltdown when Mike Keenan leaned on him. Grant Fuhr was past his prime. Roman Turek was emotionally fragile. Brent Johnson was immature . . . and so on and so forth. Jaroslav Halak might become special, but we've seen his unstable side as well. So Liut is the man.
Now, here are the lineups for both teams:
To compensate for his time off, Torres intends to track pitches while his teammates throw bullpen sessions today.
A: Nuclear workers at the damaged reactor site may get high enough doses to cause radiation sickness. Less intense radiation from airborne sources reaching civilians in Japan could cause elevated rates of cancer, especially thyroid cancer. The risks are hard to measure. Fallout from nuclear bomb testing in Nevada during the 1950s exposed some people in Utah to as much as 16 times the dose of radiation they would have otherwise received from natural sources. These downwinders showed elevated rates of thyroid cancer, but researchers still can't precisely calculate the risk. After the Chernobyl disaster, rates of thyroid cancer rose to five to eight times the expected level in the most highly exposed children living nearby.
"I wish they put them in jail," McCarther said.
Bruce talked about how he's lived locally (Jersey Shore) for most of his life, and pre Internet it was pretty easy. He could go out to a bar and make a fool of himself, He was out of the tabloids and could have a normal life.
Nearly 50 percent of all companies that receive venture capital - money from investors who take equity in early-stage businesses with high growth potential - have a foreign-born founder or co-founder, according to the National Venture Capital Association.
Judy Akers said she enjoys all the activity.
Bass fishing is a whopping $1.25 billion industry in Florida - so valuable to tourism that guarding the purity of the prized largemouth bass involves the same high-tech methods familiar to fans of TV's "CSI."
Babeu, who is not married, said he had been in a relationship with Jose that ended sometime before September. Jose also ran his campaign website and Twitter account, and Babeu said he began posting derogatory items on the sites after their breakup.
The driver found the situation odd and stopped to check on the boy. As the driver, now on foot, approached the bush the boy sprang out from behind it and tried to run back across the road. He ran into the side of a van, which had slowed, as it was passing.
A Snowflake Just Like Me
"I knew he knows Booker," Rice said. "He was one of the people Booker recommended to take the Newark school commissioner spot."
First, you have to decide if you have the stomach to do anything with your money but sit on it.
The foreclosure lawsuit does not include the Galleria at Erieview, the glassy retail building attached to the tower. After years of pain, the Galleria appears poised to bounce back. The YMCA of Greater Cleveland plans to turn the southeast section of the former mall into a fitness facility by early 2014.
Not that the journey between August 2005 and March 2010, when the Ducks accepted the NCAA indoor championship trophy in Fayetteville, Ark., was easy.
Stats: Kelly is 33-6 with three Pacific-12 Conference titles and a third consecutive bowl game appearance.
Palo Alto Children's Theatre. "Snow White & The Seven Dwarfs." Through March 31. Palo Alto Children's Theatre, 1305 Middlefield Road. Palo Alto. 650-463-4930
"We have nothing to believe they are connected at this point in time," Luque said.
Among the chief concerns of the group at the meeting was the fear of losing another public service in town, following the anticipated departure of Princeton HealthCare System, which is moving its hospital to Plainsboro, and the possible relocation of the Dinky commuter train.
It's sometimes said that a conservative is a liberal who was mugged, but Baldwin's mugging has not changed his ideology.
"He sacrificed his own scoring for the benefit of the team," coach Shane Lewis said. "If A.J. wanted to score 30 points a game, he could have. But we might not have won a state championship. He was our leader. And we leaned on him."
UNDERAGE POSSESSION OF ALCOHOL, WARRENSVILLE CENTER ROAD: An Aurora man, 20, was cited for underage possession of alcohol April 21 after he was seen trying to discard a beer while leaving a party.
Mixing art and celebrity
Just how fresh the episode is remains to be seen.
Last month, Britain's economy slumped back into recession for the first time since 2009 amid stalled growth.
Most prosaically, I was in shock, though I wasn't in any way intellectually surprised. I was far from naive about the world of interrelated events that came to our doorstep that day. Neither was I unknowing about death on a mass scale, given an earlier tragedy - one, in fact, that cut a far larger swath through the population than anything that happened on that startlingly blue Tuesday.
The vaccine isolates something called heat shock protein, which is part of the immune system. HSP isolates molecules that don't belong, and alerts the immune system to attack, Sloan said.
Thanks to the growing popularity of hummus, chickpeas have become the most widely consumed legume in the world. The buff-colored salad bar staple, also known as garbanzo or ceci, has a mild, slightly nutty flavor and buttery texture that make it a perfect backdrop for pungent spices, such as curry.
It wasn't a flawless rendition.
"You're going to find, throughout this campaign season, that the president's team will be doing everything in their power to try and hold up very shiny objects," likely presidential nominee Mitt Romney said in a Fox News interview.
Illinois. Where to begin.
1 tablespoon dried basil
"Who will see the job of president as that of faithful servant to the American people, and the God who created us?" Perry said. "I hope each of you will peer into your heart and look for that individual with the record and the values that represent your heart."
When you're done with your food, you return the dishes to the return station and get another token at no cost. You can play this game of give-and-take all weekend. When it's time to go, there are three options: keep the dishes, return the dishes and get $5 back, or keep the token and use it at downtown food carts that have signed on to use Go Box.
Milwaukee: 3B Aramis Ramirez was given the day off in the finale of the four-game series against the Cubs, his former club. Ramirez has struggled at the plate in the early going, batting .091 (2-for-22) though he has knocked in five runs. ... LH reliever Zach Braddock was placed on the inactive list at Class AAA Nashville for an undisclosed problem. Braddock missed time with the Brewers last season while being treated for a sleep disorder and later was sent down to Nashville, where he was placed on the inactive list for the same issue.
The devices have also spawned a cottage industry of people who go around and legally challenge the cities who adopt the technology, often with success.
"That is why both Dr. Janey and Dr. Bolden allowed co-location of charter schools and why we believe that this policy is a sensible solution to anyone who puts the interests of kids first," Cerf said.
15905 SW Falcon Dr; 3,530 square feet; on 2/17/2012 for $519,000
Kipnis then scored from third when catcher Mike Napoli failed to handle a tailing fastball that went off his glove and to the backstop for a passed ball.
Kabul --
The government legalized the party last year as part of its reforms, and now visitors feel more comfortable there.
Walking tours are offered during the day and at night, highlighting a thousand years of history. Key attractions include the town hall, the Christmas Museum and the Medieval Crime Museum.
In 1986, Fortune Magazine called Olsen "America's most successful entrepreneur." By the late 1980s, DEC had more than 120,000 employees worldwide. Sales peaked at $14 billion in 1992.
"Nothing really happened to him and I had three days of hell," Van Groll said in a phone interview with the AP. "They gave him a slap on the wrist and told him not to do it again. If it was anybody else that did something like this, they'd lose their job."
"Bush, do you know where I am?" he sneered in a January 2006 video weeks after a U.S. airstrike in Pakistan that targeted him but missed. "I am among the Muslim masses ... and I'm participating in their jihad until we defeat you." A similar strike in October that year would also miss him.
Kaval said the club has seen a 20-percent increase in season-ticket revenue, a byproduct of San Jose's 7-1-1 start. The Quakes won their third in a row Wednesday night with an entertaining 5-3 victory over D.C. United at Buck Shaw Stadium to take sole possession of first place in the West.
Friday's performance in Game 4 against the Nashville Predators was an A-effort from the defense, and that resulted in a 1-0 victory for the Coyotes in front of 17,113 at Bridgestone Arena to snatch a 3-1 Western Conference semifinal series lead.
He said that he would "remain a citizen" and pledged to help Romney criticize Obama. However, his campaign said a formal endorsement of the new GOP standardbearer had not yet been scheduled.
The deadlines require 8,800 acres of tidal habitat to be restored by 2019 for Delta smelt and longfin smelt. Another 8,500 acres of floodplain habitat must be restored for salmon by 2016. An equal amount must be restored after that, totaling at least 17,300 acres of floodplain. In some cases, the agencies will be able to count the acres in one project toward all three species.
The room was full. The laughter genuine. And the applause sustained.
Critics say Metrolink leaders have not paid enough attention to safety and have done little to upgrade dangerous intersections where streets cross the tracks. In particular, the public railway has failed to adopt the sorts of safety systems and improvements developed and widely used by its sister agency, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
A glorious caramel is hard to find, and how lucky we are that Jim Cerreta Jr. understands. His father founded the landmark Glendale chocolate and candy house nearly a half-century ago. Take a free factory tour at 5345 W. Glendale Ave.-- The Arizona Republic ________________________________________________________________________
2114 BAYONNE DR $111,500
62-64-67-71-80.
when most moved to St. Clare's Villa in Alton. Eleven, including Micka, Jirauch and Kuttenkueler, still live there. Pairn and Hooks now live in Pennsylvania.
In Lester's case, none of these things was true.
Lee and Your Family Entertainment, the company that planned to distribute the series, declined to comment on today's developments.
Clippers at Memphis
Freeholder Director Julie Acton, who cut the ribbon Wednesday, said she was glad to see the road opened so it can be fully accessed by Salem County residents.
Susan Tupper acted as dinner chairwoman and was joined by Cindy and Ben Lenhardt, Nancy and Ron Kurz and Melissa and Bill McClayton, as well as Peggy Carr, the longest-serving member of the Women's Board. Partygoers toured a few of the greenhouses while sipping cotton-candy-topped martinis before retiring to one of three elegantly appointed rooms to dine on grilled filet of beef and lobster mac 'n' cheese.
Prosecutors say all high-ranking BGF members who were indicted in 2010, which includes four state corrections officers, have pleaded guilty. The gang's leader, Eric Brown, who was already incarcerated, received 12 years in federal prison in August.
- Will you be picking up and continuing daily functions as normal or be part of a new team or structure within the company?
Swift fans aren't checking her out to listen for her to belt out Christina Aguilera-styled vocals, thankfully for her. They're coming to see a big show with all the frills.
Dufty said rather than getting lost in City Hall's Room 200, he would always be connected to city residents.
On Saturday, look to see how much the young line has gelled. Also look for how well the newcomers - early enrollee and junior college transfer Daniel Glauser and former defensive tackle Cameron Erving - have settled in. Erving, in particular, had Fisher buzzing all spring.
The interim Jersey City schools superintendent has opted not to renew the contract of the school district's business administrator, leaving the district scrambling to find a replacement.
WASHINGTON -- The number of people seeking unemployment benefits fell to the lowest point in almost four years last week, the latest signal that the job market is steadily improving.
Significant pay raises are rare during periods of high unemployment because workers have little bargaining power to demand them.
My idea of breakfast is a pretty substantial cereal with muffins as a side. There's no way I can eat just a pastry for breakfast and make it through the morning.
In a dry, hot saute pan, toast the cardamom, cloves, cumin seed and black pepper, shaking often, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour into a spice grinder (or coffee grinder) with chile flakes and blend into a powder.
A grocery store bag of split wood costs about $5. It is always better to have too much wood than too little. If you think you will use two bags a night, buy four. Keep an extra bag in reserve.
The combination of the makers of Budweiser and Miller (plus Coors, through the MillerCoors joint venture) would create a single brewery controlling nearly 80 percent of the U.S. market.
L&L: Which figures in Jersey City history come to life in your book?
Penn National Gaming Inc. announced months ago it will move its two tracks. It has announced that Raceway Park in Toledo will head to the Austintown area, and Beulah Park in Grove City to the Dayton area. The company is building casinos in Toledo and Columbus and doesn't want recently-approved slots for the horse racing tracks to compete with its casino gambling.
Kamara collected the pass and calmly rolled the ball past Hartman, who had come off his line in a futile attempt to close down Kamara.
Lundquist has several previous convictions, including attempted theft and violation of a restraining order, making it unlawful for him to have weapons.
"I had no idea what I was doing, but I knew we needed to get involved," Patrick said recently.
Northeast Ohio's annual food bill is $11 billion, and the economic consequences, not to mention nutritional benefits, of eating fresh, locally grown food are staggering.
Kids love pirates. That may change someday through the efforts of modern-day Somalian pirates, but for now, the term pirate still conjures up the old-style swashbucklers of Errol Flynn days. In this collection of four episodes from the animated Nickelodeon children's series "The Backyardigans," the five animal friends image they are sailing the high seas and walking the plank. 98 minutes. No extras. From Paramount. Available March 8.
THE PRESIDENT: Hello, Columbus! (Applause.) It is good to be back in the state of Ohio. (Applause.) Just a couple of people I want to make sure you know are here. First of all, my outstanding Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, is in the house. (Applause.) Superintendant of Columbus City Schools, Dr. Gene T. Harris, is here. (Applause.) The principal of Fort Hayes Metropolitan Education Center, Milton Ruffin, is here. (Applause.) And the mayor of the great city of Columbus, Michael Coleman, is in the house. (Applause.)
By 2020, she said, they'd like to see better water quality (Class 4, here we come), especially in the area around Kunming. By 2030, they hope to significantly improve the look and quality of the lake so that people feel comfortable in the environment. Ultimately, they want people to be able to swim in Dianchi -- a stretch goal, no doubt, given the natural limits of the lake and the ongoing tug of war between China's lust for economic development and the emerging push for a greener future.
2007: Jack Casperson, Aurora Fox's "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof"
"A lot of people really step up their game and get excited for this," said Seng about Midtown Cocktail Week. "Guests are coming in with an open mind, and Sacramento just likes making drinks."
King said MacDonald also found the county to be violating state and federal laws governing the expenditure of road money. He also found that the county had overspent on road engineering projects, including $43 million in engineering costs to complete $96 million in road contracts.
After stumbling its way to a mistrial of Clemens last year, the government is struggling again in the retrial -- to the point that the crux of Pettitte's testimony might be tossed out. First, the exasperated judge criticized the questioning of Pettitte on Wednesday, then he ruled against prosecutors in another matter. Finally he cried out: "You're taking positions that are totally absurd to me."
But they would come no closer than that.
If you're looking for DIY teeth whitening recipes just click on YouTube.
&hellip The people here seemed in a very different mood from those in my part of town. They were seated on their stoops , disheveled and hatless, half dressed and excited. We felt a short, jerky, ugly shock. The people all screamed and jumped. An automobile, a horse started to run. I hurried home in the center of the street. Men cried out: "Lady, be careful of electric wires overhead." It was all very disagreeable and I was glad to get home.
KFI/640 AM's John Kobylt and Ken Chiampou returned to 3-7 p.m. weekday afternoon drive Feb. 27 following a unpaid suspension Feb. 16 "for making insensitive and inappropriate comments about the late Whitney Houston."
In a 2006 deal, the Portland Development Commission said the infrastructure work that attracted glassy condo towers cost $195 million. Local, state and federal taxpayers covered $126 million or about two-thirds of the total cost.
Her victory put her 18th in world rankings, qualifying her to participate in the XVI Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico, from Oct. 14 to 30.
America is unwilling to stop the drone attacks, saying they have weakened al Qaeda and associated groups in Pakistan's tribal regions, large parts of which are not under the control of the Pakistani state. In the past, Pakistan's intelligence agency has cooperated with the attacks, but the government has not publicly acknowledged this.
San Jose Garden Club Plant Sale. Purchase plants raised by club members, garden tools and more at bargain prices. 9 a.m.-2 p.m. May 5. San Jose Garden Club, 1670 Lincoln Ave., San Jose. 408-227-5887, www.sanjosegardenclub.com.
Earlier Sunday, the 57-year-old Hollande shook hands and chatted with voters on his way into the polling station.
Friends and colleagues (Chris Blackwell from Island Records among them) remember the political naivete, the assassination attempt, the mania for soccer that injured him and set in motion the disease that killed him. Hints about the sort of "career first" advice he was getting sneak in. We hear, from a daughter and son, what a feckless husband and absentee dad he was.
This, of course, plays into the hands of the other group of readers who insist that only anti-religious responses are acceptable. Thus "saylors2112" writes:
"There's nothing worse than your first trade," Martinez said. "You grow up in the organization. You have high expectations. It breaks your heart.
Gold Level: After using the registered card 30 times, members also qualify for a personalized Gold Card, a free drink after every 15 purchases and exclusive offers and promotions.
T31. Nick Richards, Bishop Machebeuf; 83-79 (162)
Lewis, who grew up in Willingboro and later moved to California, said he bought his first house in New Jersey in 2005. He currently lives in Medford, but only registered to vote in New Jersey on Monday.
Her mother and father had disagreed about her going to the new school. But her mother had insisted she go. Tall and solemn men led Ruby and her mother to a car. They all climbed inside and drove to William Frantz Elementary School in New Orleans. The marshals would escort her to school every day for almost a year. The year was 1960.
The loss is expected to hurt JPMorgan's overall earnings for the second quarter, which ends June 30. Dimon apologized for the losses, which he said occurred since the first quarter, which ended March 31.
Nixon rejected a proposal that he says would have expanded a subsidy used by St. Louis developer Paul McKee.
She said investors have lost confidence in Lewis and the board, and she called for him to step down and for the board to announce plans to substantially reconstitute itself.
The science center is one of five district institutions that receive property tax money in St. Louis city and county. Last year, the district generated more than $70 million, which was split among
According to the interviewer, Nugent later apologized to the female producer and revealed that he was rushed to a hospital for treatment of a kidney stone after the interview.
The measure was advertised as a compromise after Gov. Chris Christie announced he wanted a "hard cap" that would limit raises to the 2 percent that property taxes can grow by each year.
Yet when I asked Mom how I looked, she just told me that, if yellow trees and red volcanoes made me happy, I should wear whatever I wanted.
With the help of new drummer Nate Nelson, Lower Dens will hit the road with a reinvigorated live show. After talking with Hunter (I interviewed her earlier this week for Live!, so expect to see it on Midnight Sun very soon), it was clear the additions of Nelson and keyboardist Carter Tanton have instilled new life into a band that nearly collapsed after last year's hectic touring schedule.
"He was a great draft choice and he's going to be a foundation piece here for more than a decade."
Midway through the first school year, several of the teachers and staff members left Cultural Arts out of frustration, they said. Compounding the textbook shortage, a pipe had burst on the 10th floor of the building in November, causing some ceiling tiles to collapse and ruining classrooms on several levels of the building.
A deeply disturbing report released last week by the Minnesota Office of the Legislative Auditor suggests that there have indeed been forces of destruction at work involving the Gang Strike Force. But the auditor's damning findings only lead to one conclusion: The forces undermining this valuable agency have come from within. Its real enemies were its longtime commander, advisory board members and officers who allowed the agency to deteriorate into frightening and shameful levels of dysfunction. The Strike Force imploded on their watch.
With another summer closing out, Street Department Director Mike Tognarelli is crossing his fingers that this will be the final step.
"If it came out of his mouth, he would have been joking," Inkley said. "He would have never been serious about that. He was not a depressed person. He was far from having a death wish."
"As more and more people use phones and keep data on phones, and PCs aren't as relevant, the bad guys are going to follow that," security expert Charlie Miller told the AP.
2. False, but not by much. Thomas L. Friedman made this assertion in 1999 to suggest that globalized nations have too much to lose by going to war with each other. It may have been true when he wrote it, depending on your parsing skills, but Russia and Georgia each had McDonald's restaurants in 2008 when they briefly fought over South Ossetia. If you consider the 1989 U.S. invasion of Panama a "war," that's another example, as is the 1999 bombing of Serbia by NATO, all of whose members have McDonald's franchises.
At a time of crunching economic pressure in a hard-hit neighborhood, a huge mobilization, from federal funders to the Oregon Food Bank to the SUN schools program to an array of individuals -- architects and gardeners and book readers and students -- works to keep Kelly School reasonably fed and functioning. It's vital support, at a time when the governor is about to announce a whole new set of educational expectations for schools.
The inference is accurate: If ASU had robust attendance for football and basketball games, there would be a different vibe in Tempe. Recruits would feel a greater sense of importance, like the big men on campus. That's what championship-caliber programs offer blue-chip recruits ... along with $100 handshakes and other outrageous perks.
A joint legislative hearing will be held at Rowan's main campus in Glassboro today.
Last year, Mount St. Joseph guard Kameron Williams opened eyes with a breakthrough sophomore season that earned him first-team All-Baltimore Catholic League honors.
Or do you?
10. Huntington Beach (Sunset) 16-6, 5
That insecurity was present when he and Lloyd Webber began work on "Superstar." The title, inspired by an ad for a Tom Jones concert, was so off-putting that no theatrical producer in London or New York would touch the show, and so they first made the now-classic concert recording. When the songs, especially "I Don't Know How to Love Him," became global hits, Broadway came calling.
"I don't really see myself in quite that category," Briere said. "Those guys that I mentioned, they all have Stanley Cups. Until you win that, I don't think you can be considered in the same group."
Head is yet another Class AAA cautionary tale. While he was tearing it up at Columbus this season and the Indians were not hitting, a number of fans wondered why Head had not been promoted. When Head finally did get the opportunity, he did not do much with it. Head, a six-year minor leaguer, was 2-for-23 in eight games and did not appear particularly comfortable at the plate.
ABOUT SPECIFIED TECHNOLOGIES, INC
-- The Giants opened in their base defense, with Osi Umenyiora at defensive end.
Offensive tackle
Moussa Owdeh, a 58-year-old Palestinian whose home is one of 88 slated for demolition, accused Barkat of fomenting "extremism and bloodshed."
David Olney: with Sergio Webb, 8 p.m. May 7. The Ark, $15.
That means Collins has the next two days to come up with more coachspeak for his players, more sayings of motivation.
The dish showed off Keefer's technical expertise and his skill with Mediterranean-influenced flavors. Over the phone, he explained that he's part Sicilian, and though he has experience with fare including French and Latin, at 1542, he's gravitating toward his rustic Italian roots. He's trying to stay simple in his food, he said, while creating something new, modern and flavorful. The octopus pizza fits that bill.
One Republican joined Democrats in approving the bill.
The losses raised questions among industry executives about supervision at the bank, as well as the ability of regulators to police such activity.
And as dispensaries proliferate throughout the state, police and lawyers say they are worried about the peripheral crime rising around the shops intended to function as pharmacies, selling medical marijuana prescribed to people who suffer one of eight conditions, ranging from chronic pain to glaucoma.
I checked into the Art Resort, a small hotel under the eaves at the towering Galleria Umberto I, reached by a coin-operated elevator. The resort's shopping gallery is late 19th century, not Baroque, but never mind. It is in the very heart of Naples, near the Piazza del Plebiscito, Palazzo Reale, Castel Nuovo and San Carlo.
There's also a message for employers.
She hopes that Phoenix and other cities will maintain their budgets for keeping areas clean.
By Doyle McManus
She has added so much more than that, though, as Kiene sees things, to a team that has a third place finish and two fifth place finishes at Nationals in the last three season.
The weaved bodice has a sweetheart neckline trimmed with duct tape. But the short poofy skirt was her true inspiration and her starting point. Anderson created volume with waves of newspaper bubbles.
More questionable than the waiver itself, which Ohio is still considering applying for, said a spokesman for the Ohio Department of Education, was the Obama team's next step -- trying to make the waiver conditional on a state's promise to reform its lowest-performing schools and create a system for evaluating teachers' performance.
Hoboken and Jersey City will be working to clear snow throughout the week, officials said.
Police and firefighters responded to a structure fire at about 10:41 p.m. Upon arrival, the fire was confined to the chimney.
The 2013 RDX is longer, lower and slightly narrower than the current model. Acura calls the RDX on its stand a prototype of the production model, but it's virtually identical to the midsize SUV that reaches dealerships this spring.
And that it has daily specials? For example, milk is $1.59 a gallon on Mondays and kids toys are 20% off on Tuesdays.
"It's obviously very difficult," Walrath said. "Certainly, the biggest thing to do is to determine options. There's no easy answer. The devastation is difficult. Tornadoes are difficult because they're so random."
Stamps said everyone scattered. He went home, only to notice later that he'd been shot.
Here's some recent front-page news: County Executive John Leopold indicted on corruption charges alleging he used county employees to arrange sexual liaisons, pick up campaign checks, investigate political opponents and run personal errands.
She noted that Harris has set up a trial integrity unit, staffed by prosecutors, that is asking the Police Department about officers scheduled to testify in upcoming cases and disclosing their histories, when necessary, to defense lawyers.
investigated McNamee as part of a probe into
The company bought two tickets, Kelley said, but refused to buy a table.
All the while he caught the eye of NBA scouts. Johnson signed separate 10-day contracts with the Boston Celtics and Blazers in February and March and the Blazers liked him so much, they signed him March 14 to a partially guaranteed contract through next season. All this after getting married in August to his wife Tammy.
"We're going to have an amazing candy bar, and the opportunity raffle includes a $250 shopping spree at Fashion Island and $250 to Nordstrom," said Wood. "The former Mr. Huntington Beach, Calvin Free, will be the auctioneer."
In the coming week, at least two-dozen people advocating for agencies like Rosary Hall plan to attend the County Council's public sessions and ask for money, according to leaders at the Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health Services Board of Cuyahoga County.
It would have taken nearly a perfect game to slow down Oregon, and Stanford didn't come close to that.
"Our food banks literally feed one in eight Americans," said Fraser, referring to the number who get food from them at some point during a year. "There has been no leveling off."
Portland Metro Association of Realtors, $1,100
RB Jeremy Brown -- The 5-foot-8 senior is in line for his first big game action of his career after the top two rushers from last season graduated. Brown is trying to hold off a pair of freshmen for one of the Mean Green's top two running back spots.
And finding a home that's within your budget could require some legwork. The median price paid by first-time buyers in 2011 was $155,000, according to the National Association of Realtors.
Free-speech advocates say the recent moves in the Knesset highlight the need to enshrine such rights in law, warning that Israel's acceptance of limits on one form of expression could set a precedent.
"This one was a little different," four-year second baseman Melissa Marcovecchio said. "But I think Shelby will be smiling."
6:40 p.m. Best Americana Album: "You Are Not Alone," Mavis Staples. Staples calls it "the shock of the my life" and emotionally cries out, "It's been a long time coming!" She also pays tribute to her father and bandmate, the late Pops Staples. "It's because of you, Pops, that I'm standing here today. You laid the foundation, and I'm still working on the building."
Proceeds from Art for Beds will benefit Gennesaret Free Clinics. For more information, visit gennesaret.org.
But Dennis Speigel, a former amusement park executive turned consultant, said he doesn't expect things to be radically different for amusement parks this year, noting that amusement park attendance is completely tied to economic conditions and consumer spending.
Breanna Burton, 20, who has siblings at the school, got wind that the TV series might give OSD a makeover last week when show representatives visited neighbors living near the school to warn about the sounds of carpentry and bright lights at night during the project, which culminates in an unveiling of the renovated space next Monday.
Karzai had previously dispatched a delegation to investigate the killings in the Panjwai district of Kandahar province, and he said Friday that U.S. officials did not cooperate with the Afghan inquiry. He made the comments after meeting at the presidential palace in Kabul with relatives of those killed.
Five years later, at the end of Sarkozy's first term, however, growth has ground to a halt, unemployment has hit 10 percent, and the national debt has ballooned to 86 percent of gross domestic product.
Anybody have a problem with that? Didn't think so.
Steamboat Springs 1, D'Evelyn 0
Most Social Security services do not require a visit to an office. For example, anyone wishing to apply for benefits, sign up for direct deposit, replace a Medicare card, obtain a proof of income letter or inform the agency of a change of address or telephone number may do so at http://www.socialsecurity.gov or by calling the national toll-free number, 1-800-772-1213.
While one fan yelled the obligatory, "You the man!" another yelled, "You're in the red!"
Feinstein was best known for his long association with Dylan, for whom he was the official photographer on the European portion of Dylan's 1966 world tour and the 1974 Dylan and The Band tour.
The other semifinalists in the Midwest category are:
"It's the equivalent of a kid being told to put their video game controller down and go outside," says Brooke. "If a customer is focusing on it too much, I'll say something like, 'Is the Internet still working?' Just a gentle suggestion. If liquor is involved, you never want to be direct."
part because they often carry big dividends. But they lose their appeal when the economy picks up.
Fernandez and other residents said cars routinely speed along the two-lane stretch of Belleville Avenue between traffic lights about a half mile apart at Willet Street and Franklin Avenue.
The mostly rural area is bordered by Brookman Road to the south, Pacific Highway to the west and Ladd Hill Road to the east. The Brookman Concept Plan proposed a mix of residential, commercial, industrial and other uses.
"Around the national Christmas tree, each state and territory and D.C. also has its own tree, and that tree is covered entirely with ornaments of a single design."
City lawyers stressed that their alternative route would accommodate the two sites where protesters say they want to exercise free-speech rights: an armed services recruiting center at State and Harrison streets and the end point of McCormick Place.
Indeed, SDG&E admitted that the increased voltage will likely increase the electromagnetic fields known as EMF. SDG&E tries to dismiss concerns over health impacts from prolonged exposure to high levels of EMF by saying it's not proven, but there are scientists on both sides of the issue. Some insist it causes higher incidences of brain tumors in adults and childhood leukemia. ABC and CBS local news have both aired stories recently about residents living near transmission lines and substations who are convinced that stray voltage in their neighborhoods have caused a host of health issues including cancer and birth defects. Many San Juan residents agree and are concerned that living close to transmission lines has caused them to develop cancer.
It was around 1964 to 1966, Clemons isn't too sure anymore. It was also right around the time the Browns had won their most recent NFL title and just missed another. Fullback Jim Brown was about to leave football for Hollywood.
Under the teachers' contract approved in January 2010, teachers were granted the authority to use force to defend themselves.
Is every landfill a candidate for a landfill gas generating project?
Are fees completely concealed, such as the $25 "early check-in" fee Julie Sturgeon had to pay recently when she arrived at an
An air conditioning unit's wiring and copper tubing, valued at $700, was stolen March 29 from an apartment complex in the 300 block of Enchanted Parkway.
"I don't like to call myself a stand-up, because I have friends that are such great stand-ups, and I don't write jokes," said actor Nick Offerman, who showcases his talents this weekend with a show dubbed "American Ham" at Largo at the Coronet. "I suppose it's splitting hairs, but I feel more like a humorist, because my show is anecdotal."
8. "She Walks in Beauty'' - Selected and introduced by Caroline Kennedy
To the east is the somewhat better known Golden Gate Bridge, which celebrates its 75th anniversary next month. And just beyond that, the towers of downtown San Francisco rise on the city's hills.
Lok is a fourth-grader at Astor Elementary School, according to Matt Shelby, spokesman for Portland Public Schools. His bus driver confirmed that Lok got off the school bus in front of his home on North Chautauqua Boulevard on Tuesday afternoon.
Striking a near-defiant pose in the face of her obstacles, Marisol has no intention of being anything less than naturally wide-eyed and curious. Along the path to adolescence and adulthood, she issued a dose of youthful wisdom, wrapped in sweet urgency: "It's so important to give blood to hospitals. That way, when kids need it, they can have it."
The Lions withstood the urge to move up in the third round after a handful of defensive backs went off the board early. When Bentley was there at No. 85, they jumped at the chance to land the small-school playmaker who should contribute immediately at cornerback.
All they bring are empty promises, flip-flops, half-truths and rhetorical sleights of hand.
He says he's afraid to go to the city for help, lest he end up with an order to fix the previous owner's mistakes immediately.
A new addition to his collectibles is one of two enormous rooftop sign "characters" from the original Hi-Fi Fo-Fum stereo store in St. Louis County. "It's a St. Louis icon," Slein says of the sign, which he scored on Craigslist. "I had to have it."
DES MOINES, Iowa - Republican-leaning areas in states vital to President Barack Obama's re-election prospects are drawing top-tier Democratic congressional candidates who, even if they lose, could help turn out the vote and boost Obama's chances of winning a second term.
"I signed a lot of papers for Bo. I trusted him. He's my son."
Yet he didn't manage to move the Detroit audience beyond polite applause in his 23-minute speech Friday.
Buzz: Drawn from the true story of Sam Childers, a former drug dealer who tries to help the child soldiers of Sudan. From director Marc Forster ("Finding Neverland").
I have never, in all my experiences with dogs, felt so frustrated, so impotent. We didn't know what was going on. We didn't know how bad it was. My vet couldn't figure it out. Ultimately, there was nothing we could do, although lord knows we tried many things in an effort to help him.
"What we've seen in the past four or five days is that we have the power now," said Michael Skolnik, editor in chief of GlobalGrind.com and political director to mogul Russell Simmons. Skolnik has been credited with helping the story gain nationwide attention.
Sugarland "In Your Hands" Tour 2012, June 1, Shoreline Amphitheatre, Mountain View
A: Let's start with C-corporations. There are about 34,000 of them in Oregon, and about 25,000 -- or about two-thirds -- report no profits on their Oregon sales and pay a minimum state income tax of $10. Measure
Released in May 2007, the study tracked every student in the class of
-- Always ask (or find out) about exactly what sort of "discount" an agency is offering you before you buy. Be especially careful to check the conditions attached to the ticket.
"I think we're happy with the way we've been playing, but still we can do a lot of things better," Henrik Zetterberg said. "Our PK has been good. I think our power play last 10 has been pretty good. But that's going to be huge going into postseason -- special teams is most of the time winning series."
"It should have been a tighter series," Giroux said, wearing a suit.
"I never would have believed it," Allen told the Post from his seat at the inauguration. "In the 1940s and 1950s, there were so many things in America you just couldn't do. You wouldn't even dream that you could dream of a moment like this."
The revised restructuring plan would also give the government, which has already provided CIT $2.3 billion in aid, a 5.4 percent stake in CIT, up from the 2.4 percent proposed in the original plan.
With a growing trend toward comfort food and traditional recipes, and the economy pushing cooks back into the kitchen, these tomes are as popular as ever.
Interior designer Linda Woodrum has worked on every HGTV Dream Home for the past 16 years. From her house in Hilton Head, S.C., she chatted with us recently about how this one in particular inspired her.
Palmisano says the officers could face disciplinary action ranging from a reprimand to suspension depending on their records with the department.
The Federal Reserve chairman has cautioned for months that the spike in hiring at the start of the year didn't match the economy's more modest growth.
With the season's onionlike ramps due soon (the chef fell in love with them at college in West Virginia and now pickles them to use in sauces and martinis), Virant and his team are gearing up for the pickling season.
A three-story addition was a major undertaking, but Nepp and Schwartze made sure its scale was proportionate to the existing home.
As a result, Montrose left behind an impressive, influential body of work that never quite got its due.
The Stockton Street market is the most orderly disorder you will ever see. "It's an amazing place," Wong said.
During his tenure, test scores of middle school African American children improved by more than 50 percent and 26 percent respectively in math and reading, and enrollment of African American students in Honors and Advanced Placement courses tripled during this same time period. Students in elementary schools also showed gains.
Because people and businesses in both China and American have been victims of cyberattacks, officials have been talking more about building a better relationship so that they can work together.
Lubbock police Sgt. Jonathan Stewart said Tuesday that the owner of Fantasy Maid Service doesn't have a permit to operate a sexually oriented business. A violation brings a $2,000 fine.
"We had a very angry exchange," Young said. Tensions eased, he said, when Edwards "told me he loved me and he knew that I knew that he would never abandon me."
Then came a four-goal spurt by Ladue to end the first half.
"That's right." She turned to the board and wrote "1814." "Does that date mean anything to you?"
Some never quite forgave Young for taking Montana's place, and some, the dimmest among fans, will never forgive Luck for being available the minute Manning walked out the door.
Macomb County Circuit Court Judge John Foster sentenced Powell today to life in prison on a charge of conspiracy to commit murder and a 30-40-month term on a home invasion charge, according to online court records.
"We believe this decision will allow us to leverage our purchasing power to ensure the appropriate and proper treatment of animals by our vendors and suppliers," he said.
Owner Raymond Goonewardena grew up in Sri Lanka, "but I learned to cook in the Bronx." The weather brought him to Florida and a welcoming community has made Central Florida his home.
Tebow gave him a grin and handed him his white belt towel. Young Harwood couldn't speak, his mouth frozen open in a capital "O," a moment from a dream, too good to be true.
The Dames have operated the museum since 1917 under a lease agreement with the city, which owns Mount Clare and the surrounding Carroll Park.
And she rarely fails to connect with an audience.
22. Radiology Associates of Indianapolis.
Charged Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul in New Hampshire, "He is an American citizen. ... If the American people accept this blindly and casually that we now have an accepted practice of the president assassinating people who he thinks are bad guys, I think it's sad."
* Brittany Lane, 23, of East Broad Street, was arrested Tuesday and served with a warrant.
3103 NE 10th Ave ; 1,995 square feet; $323,000
Spink said he is humbled by the efforts on his behalf. Learning whether he will receive the medal could take two to three more months, he said.
Holiday with the Arts: 11:15 a.m.-4 p.m. Dec. 13. Features performances by the Saguaro High School Choir and the Dickens Carolers. Also go on an old-fashioned carriage ride. Promenade Shopping Center, 16427 N. Scottsdale Road, Scottsdale. Free with a donation of 2 or more cans of food. 480-385-2820.
"They said she had CP, but that it would be OK with therapy," Naheda said.
Kyle Lohse -- 107
The archdiocese announced the closings in 2004, citing falling attendance, a priest shortage and financial problems. The first vigil started that year at a church where parishioners refused to leave after what was supposed to be the final Mass.
Buffett, 81, will begin a two-month treatment of daily radiation beginning in July, he said in the letter. The regimen will restrict his travel during the period and not otherwise change his daily routine, said Buffett, who is also chief executive officer of the Omaha, Nebraska-based company.
Philadelphia, the nation's fifth-largest metro area, has the third-highest per capita personal income. Otherwise, this 329-year-old city falls in the middle of the pack in all the numbers. Its $311 billion economy is the largest among the metro areas in the group.
$154,830: Average annual pay for the 790 family and general practitioners.
May 5 - Truman Day Festival - Lamar. Period games, tours and birthday cake at the Harry S. Truman Birthplace State Historic Site. Children's games and rides, free pony rides, artisan and craft vendors, farmers market, car show, live music and entertainment, plus food vendors around Lamar Square.
NELSON L. VILLAVEIRAN, 49, Kissimmee, died Thursday. All Faiths Funeral Alternatives and Cremation Service, Orlando.
The police came. She says she told them she didn't want them to arrest Mr. Helwig, that she simply wanted to leave. The police told Mr. Helwig to stay away from her for 24 hours, she says.
"I don't know that there are too many arteries in this country with this much development," said Ari Maron, whose family redeveloped East Fourth Street downtown. "Development takes time, and it's an organic process. So while I think there are a lot of things happening on Euclid Avenue right now, a lot of which you're seeing, there's also a lot in the works that you can't physically see."
$1.6 billion: Amount the Commerce Department said Tuesday it was returning to the government in unneeded money earmarked for the 2010 Census. It will be up to Congress to determine what to do with the money.
"You see a little bit about how Natasha joined and it's not that she's fighting for the greater good of humanity," the actress said. "She was almost salvaged by S.H.I.E.L.D. and so she's loyal to that group, to that agency, but only as sort of paid debt."
the required elements of the state accountability system for federal compliance purposes. This will streamline schools' improvement work and be much easier for parents and the public to fully understand, officials say.
Quinn's plans to shutter Tamms supermax prison in deep Southern Illinois and other downstate facilities are drawing ire from Republicans and Democrats downstate.
State Department approval is needed because the $7 billion pipeline would cross a U.S. border. The department confirmed Friday the application for the new route had been received.
-- On jobs: Obama said, "We have not seen fast enough job growth." He acknowledged job growth in Silicon Valley, saying, "It's great we have an Apple that's creating iPods, iPads," but adding that "it would be nice if we're also making the iPads and the iPods here in the United States, because that's some more jobs that people can work at."
For years, she kept her pile of tear-sheet dreams in an album - pictures and ideas for someday: this vintage tile, that paneled door, a homey living room, each circled in red pen.
This game is almost guaranteed to be thrilling. SLUH's Stefan Sansone and DeSmet's Durron Neal are so electric they can light up the night. Both players are one move, one cut, one shake away from turning the ordinary into extraordinary. But while those two are human highlight reels (no really, check YouTube) there are plenty of other playmakers that will have an impact on this game.
LavenderLady
Chevron also intends to sell its 50 percent stake in a proposed coal mine outside Sheridan in northern Wyoming.
Recently, the artists agreed to discuss the project that became "Gilbert & George: London Pictures," up at the galleries through June 23. Here's an edited excerpt.
One week before the start of the season, Sean Grennan took to his normal routine as usual: Wake up, head to Walsh Gym for a quick shootaround, go to class. That's where the day to a different turn. He felt fine during his first class of the day, but halfway through his second class, Grennan felt a pain in his right side.
"In 2009 we reported 8 deaths of (bypass surgery) patients, which was an isolated increase in mortality rate not seen in 2007, 2008 or 2010," he wrote. He said five involved critically ill patients with many surgical risk factors transferred from other facilities.
JAKE2: The eye of an artist!
After a double mastectomy in December, she made it back to four weeks later in time to cover the kickoff of the year's awards season, the Golden Globes.
Funded by toll revenue, the project on the I-95 bridge reflects the Maryland Transportation Authority's continuing commitment to preserving and maintaining the state's aging toll bridges, tunnels and highways.
He said, however, that Disney could take more constructive steps to combat childhood obesity in the future. For instance, the company could "actually provide foods in their park that their Habit Heroes would consider consuming."
Arts administrators, who are limited to $500 requests, generally use their money to attend conferences or other training.
A formidable presence, with close-cropped red hair and a gaze as searing as her comic timing is sharp, Pittman cleverly undercuts her forcefulness with quips about her weight, driving and the etiquette of flipping off other drivers. Her rapid-patter, seemingly digressive opening gambit also serves to introduce both story and theme - rage, in every sense of the word. Her road rage intersects with her World War II veteran father's hair-trigger temper, and, a bit more tentatively than she seems to intend, with a society affected by post-combat and other violence.
Legislation introduced into Congress this week threatens to scuttle a deal to end a quarter-century exclusion of sea otters from Southern California waters.
Pennsylvania saw the largest drop in claims with 7,799, which it said was due to fewer layoffs in the construction, service and transportation industries. The next biggest declines were in Florida, Illinois, Ohio and Washington.
More than 60 people have said they will attend Tuesday's rally, according to a Facebook page about the event. Young plans to speak at the rally.
Police said the preliminary investigation indicates that it was a suicide.
Laird, returning to the Tigers after one year with the Cardinals, said he was fine and available today if needed.
Girlfriends' getaway
Lanphear was one of the scientists whose nomination to the lead poisoning advisory panel was rejected in 2002. He said he remains concerned about politics and industry influence derailing the change in the blood-lead standard.
Tattoos can be found in almost every culture on earth. A 5,300-year-old mummy, nicknamed Otzi the Iceman, was discovered in Europe in the 1990s. He had more than 57 tattoos; many are believed to have been applied for therapeutic reasons similar to acupuncture or acupressure.
If the president's got time to hand out dried fruit to trick-or-treaters, he's got time to order the Army Corps of Engineers to get off its doughnuts and complete -- in 18 months instead of five years -- its study of a permanent separation between the largest freshwater ecosystem in the world and the Mississippi River.
Blackmon also took part in the vertical jump (35 inches) and broad jump (10 feet, 3 inches), plus the long and short shuttles, and 3-cone drills. The only thing he bypassed was the bench press, deciding to stand on his combine number.
"Our streets are not a war zone," he said. "Gangs of armed men will not be permitted to prey on the weak or to exchange fire while the rest of us scramble for cover."
Here is the Rock Hall announcement:
Richmond
And these securities are not an alternative to stocks, bonds and more traditional investments, Pinnacle's Kitces says.
"I don't want to talk about that. We lost the game," Cabrera snapped after the game. "That's the batter's box, and that's it. We lost the game."
When a passenger with an accent tried to alert the co-pilot in the cockpit, the co-pilot became alarmed and notified air traffic controllers, according to a recording of the radio exchange from the website LiveATC.net.
Several areas of Route 1 are designated safe corridors, said Tim Greeley, spokesman for the state Department of Transportation.
Johnson has pleaded not guilty to two counts of gross vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated, engaging in a speed contest causing injury, reckless driving and possession of the drug while driving.
Kleem asked Dimora for help to get $35 million in general construction-trades contracts at the center. He did not get that contract.
Tens of thousands of Coloradans are currently employed in the energy sector, and with sustained focus on promoting energy resources and technologies, the Colorado Energy Office can help grow this diverse industry.
That critical period will culminate at the end of next week in the EU's year-end summit meeting, a diplomatic dance of the 27 EU leaders that is increasingly orchestrated by two of the global powers that were at the core of the continent's last big war - Germany and France.
The two leaders ruled out, however, issuing common government debt in the form of eurobonds, at least for now, despite demand by many investors for such a bold but politically difficult move.
To see how Proposition 14 is working out in the real world, consider the new 76th Assembly District, which includes Encinitas, Carlsbad, Oceanside, Vista, Camp Pendleton and a part of Fallbrook.
8. Middle River Middle School, 800 block of Middle River Road (both directions)
In the meantime, the opposition has turned its attention to municipal elections and already can claim some success. The first competitive elections for governors are still ahead.
Here are the steamy details on some options, and what you should consider before adding one to your home:
Choose smart words. Don't jump to extremes: "This !#@#%$ computer never works." Or, "You're always late!" Tell yourself that this is just one of those things that happens sometimes -- nobody's going to die. That gives you the breathing space to fix whatever set you off.
Police responded but determined no crime had been committed.
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Today is the deadline for filing fourth-quarter 2011 campaign finance figures for congressional races, and one of the most eagerly awaited figures is now available: nearly $1.6 million.
-- Kia Motors America sales were up 53 percent to more than 48,000, led by the Sorrento crossover, which was up 53 percent.
700 N Elm Av, $36,000
Organizers say an estimated 80 employers, colleges and veterans organizations will attend, including Apple One, NBC, The Hartford and Big Five Sporting Group.
"I believe that we have done a great job with academics and preparing student-athletes for the future, which makes our school athletics and academics a desirable location for parents."
Parkway School District administrators have changed course and now plan to go ahead with district-wide implementation of a Polar active monitor program this spring.
But his push for wider reform was frustrated by the corrupt reality of Nigerian politics and the ruling party he led, based on nepotism and patronage.
Regime actually describes an entire system of government. And if the American regime is imperial only when Republicans are in power, then it's not a serious claim, it's just a convenient and partisan slander.
Recently divorced and facing an uncertain future, a woman moves back in with her parents in suburban Connecticut and begins an affair with a 19-year-old actor. With Melanie Lynskey and Blythe Danner. Written by Sarah Koskoff. Directed by Todd Louiso. Oscilloscope Laboratories
Deep down, she was a daddy's girl.
At New Madrid, Mo., just west of where the floodway returns its flow into the Mississippi, the river crested Thursday a few inches over its 1937 record and was falling Saturday. The town remained dry behind levees, authorities said.
We may not like the volatility it creates, but speculation in the energy markets is here to stay.
The U.S. Consulate confirmed Wheeler's death. Vallecillo, the port captain, said that Frank Wheeler, 70, and his wife, 60, were residents of the San Felipe community of El Dorado Ranch and liked to kayak in the area.
The compilation of songs ensures that Yanah's tune and dozens of other little-known protest songs of all genres have taken their rightful place next to the famous music of the era.
LaMarcus Aldridge led the Blazers with 19 points and 17 rebounds, and Portland got solid contributions from Marcus Camby, Rudy Fernandez and Nicolas Batum.
The trumpet player, of course, is as famous for his sermons on jazz as for the pellucid tones of his horn. The subtitle of one of his books is: "How jazz can change your life." But on this afternoon, the 49-year-old musician, casually dressed in khakis and a pullover sweater, is all charm and enthusiasm.
When Girl Scout cookie season starts up in your neighborhood, those earnest young saleswomen bearing boxes of sweets may be armed with a new secret weapon: a mobile credit-card reader attached to their smartphones.
Read 'em and weep. Read 'em and laugh. Your reaction will depend mostly on your politics, since politics is what this argument has always been about.
The Solon girls soccer team dispatched Lake Catholic, 3-0, on Senior Night.
The mayor claims the board is unlawfully trying to usurp his power. His opponents say he neglects his duties and is unresponsive to requests to produce municipal financial documents, among other things.
Translation: They are not us.
About 3 percent of the fish had gashes, ulcers and parasites symptomatic of environmental contamination, according to Murawski, the lead researcher. The number of sick fish rose as scientists moved west away from the relatively clean waters of Florida, and also as they pushed into deeper waters off Alabama, Mississippi and especially Louisiana, near where the Deepwater Horizon rig sank.
mortgage are generally deductible if it was a first mortgage on the property. In the case of a refinance of a loan, all or some of the point charges might be deductible, but it gets complicated -- check with your tax preparer or the IRS.
Arizona's numbers have slightly improved recently, department spokesman Tom Cadden said.
"I was working in Bloomingdale's," Romano recalled for us during the "Glam Fairy'' media day at the Monroe Center for the Arts in Hoboken yesterday. "When she was filming for the show -- you know that episode when she flips over the table? -- I did her makeup for that.
*The details of these bonuses and escalators (i.e. Sack totals needed to achieve) were not available in the breakdown I received.
Souders continued, asking why accidents continue to happen on Route 152 and questioned what people could do to prevent such accidents.
Phoenix homicide numbers are comparable with a national drop in crime. Through October 2010, the total is down 25 percent -- from 115 to 86. The department reported 168 total murders in 2008. The 59 homicide reports taken from January through July of last year marked a 38 percent drop since the same period in 2009.
No. 7 not looking so good. I have to get this off my chest. As crazy as this might sound from an ardent Broncos fan, John Elway is literally staking his reputation on this move. If quarterback Peyton Manning signs and Tim Tebow gets traded, can you imagine the consequences should Manning get hurt, while Tebow is doing his thing for the Dolphins in Miami? There are not too many things that would tempt me to bury the old No. 7 jersey in the closet, but that would rank at the top.
A kindergartner who threw a tantrum at her small-town Georgia school was taken away in handcuffs, her arms behind her back, in an episode that is firing up the debate over whether teachers and police around the country are overreacting all too often when dealing with disruptive students.
Thus begins "The Five-Year Engagement," the latest comedy from Segel and director Nicholas Stoller, who also worked together on 2008's "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" and cowrote 2011's "The Muppets."
After 52 scoreless minutes, senior forward Heitmann played the role of goal scorer as he added to the lead with a goal of his own in the 73rd minute when a cross from Liam Gallagher was deflected off of a defender, right to Heitmann who buried the point blank shot from 5 yards.
(2) Grandview and (7) Cherry Creek advance to state.REGION C
He said he acted on information he knew at the time.
Hannah's uprising is her unapologetic honesty about what it's like for a lot of young women who aren't quite women yet (sans the luxury of parents who pay your way).
The season of royalty begins on Sunday, June 24 with a day at the San Diego Polo Club. The afternoon will feature an introductory polo match, an intermission of African music and dance, and a Sentebale ceremony including the singing of the national anthem, leading up to the main match. There will also be a raffle, silent auction and swag bags. The event is priced at $15 for general admission and $75 for VIP tent seating, with proceeds benefiting Sentebale.
Job one is the economy.
The list marks the first time that Atlanta regional leaders have divided up a major transportation funding plan for the region, deciding how much goes to roads and transit based on their own wishes.
City administrators support the development of the Apartments at St. Richard. Mayor Kevin Kennedy said the development plan is consistent with North Olmsted's Master Plan, which recommends a wide variety of housing types and densities throughout the community to ensure an adequate housing supply for all residents, including senior citizens.
A: Focus on Terry Etherton, a nationally recognized expert of 19th- and 20th-century photography and a member of the American Society of Appraisers. He is especially knowledgeable with the work of Edward Curtis, and your print sounds like it could be a Curtis.
"The whole bottom layer was black, 1 to 3 inches thick," DiFranco said. "That's when I first realized the fire had been there."
Years later and long since relocated (a few miles south, to Royalton Road in Broadview Heights) it's as if we'd never said goodbye.
Withey had two blocks in each half. In the second, he swatted a shot of Anthony Davis, Kentucky's star who finished with 16 rebounds and six blocks and was named the Final Four's most outstanding player. Davis finished the NCAA Tournament with 29 blocks.
"The district had high expectations for candidates and a rigorous interview process," said Jeff Preisack, president of the Board of Education. "Ron was clearly the superior candidate."
Pierre Laclede's charming, old building feels lived in and features lots of brick and wood, with tables and seating areas sprinkled throughout. And a bar on the dance floor makes it easy to fill up your cup and get your money's worth all night long.
"We're still not seeing enough increase in the manufacturing jobs that traditionally pay a living wage and come with benefits," Bristol said. "A lot of people that have found work are cobbling together part-time jobs and working for wages far less than what they were used to."
Abel Gutierrez -- his family called him Hector -- suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder, which can cause severe anxiety and depression. More than a year after his final tour in the Middle East, he couldn't seem to escape what he had seen and smelled on the battlefield.
He's a goat, not a hero. And he's vilified, not celebrated.
"I'm going to find a place for the eggs," he says, starting for the kitchen.
Separately, the Labor Department said wholesale prices rose 0.1 percent in February. Economists predicted the producer price index would rise 0.4 percent during the month. The PPI rose 0.8 percent in January.
The road work, sprint work, bag work, plyometrics and mitts were all hard and heavy work outs. We went over to different gyms for sparring and we did everything we had to do to get ready and the hard work and sacrifice paid off.
Stephen Marley
"Any actions taken by the investigation, or by us, are based on the best interests of Kyron and Kiara and comply with the law. Beyond this, we have no comment on the matter," the statement concludes.
"This is the start of a whole new phase for the Internet," said Peter Dengate Thrush, chairman of ICANN's board of directors. "Unless there is a good reason to restrain it, innovation should be allowed to run free."
After the first two fires at the center, motion detectors were installed and a large, bright light was mounted in the backyard.
"It's almost like they're trying to wear people down to the point where they just give up," said Kathleen Eveslage, a staff attorney who represents senior citizens with Southern Minnesota Regional Legal Services in St. Paul.
The current plan, Wagner said, is to renovate or rebuild the buildings with students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade in three phases, followed by work on the high school.
Perhaps that's all a place with "fried" in its name can do -- embrace the fat, enjoy the bacon and suffer two to three heart attacks before turning 40.
The disturbance occurred about 11:30 p.m. Friday when some inmates tried to break cell doors, tore up bed linens and set a fire, jail officials said.
Fischer, who owns seven or eight bows, said the proposal would bring more tax revenue to a state desperate for cash. Hunters, he said, pay for gas, food and other items when they go to hunt.
"There's still a demand for the program," said Superintendent Harry Briggs.
In 30 minutes you can get anywhere by bus, which costs 13 rubles (about 42 cents), or by train, which costs 15 rubles. Popular locations for younger kids are the local circus, the zoo or the fair Naberezhna, or coastline of the Amur. For teens and adults, the elite "Hollywood" building on Ulitsa Turgeneva beckons with two movie theaters (where locals enjoy drinks ordered to their leather chairs or couches), a fitness club, a restaurant and one of the city's most popular nightclubs, Nebo.
"They also contributed to a variety of charitable events in the community, and if they heard that a Boy Scout had achieved Eagle status, they'd send over a $25 gift certificate," said Mr. Toporovich. "They were a major contributor to the Dundalk Heritage Fair, parade and fireworks."
With the bases loaded and no outs, Hart sent Castillo's first pitch back up the middle to end the game after five hours, four minutes. Castillo (0-1) plunked Weeks on the left hand and Braun in the back before Aramis Ramirez hit a flare single to right to bring Hart to the plate.
The Magic will be completing the second game of a back-to-back. This game will begin just 21 hours, 30 minutes after tipoff of Saturday's matchup against the Utah Jazz. Orlando is 9-10 this season after playing the day before.
versus the half-million dollars and more that can go into
Stick-O-Type Award for feature writing, Chicago Newspaper Guild, 1987.
Yauch, 47, was a Brooklyn Heights native who passed away after a three-year battle with cancer.
Government spending cuts are weighing on the U.S. economy in a way that hasn't been seen in generations. Those cuts have reduced growth for six straight quarters -- the longest stretch since 1955.
She soon persuaded Spokane ministers to give men equal honors, and the pastors came through with sermons citywide. By 1924, Father's Day was recognized by President Calvin Coolidge.
But just a day after that announcement was made, the Education Department, in what seemed like a peace offering, was orchestrating the early-morning retrieval of the pitcher's mound to ensure that Lehman could play some of its final home games on its own turf.
A $325,000 check cut last month by Mayor Frank Jackson's administration laid to rest a lawsuit filed last century by the Cleveland Civil Service Employees Association over appointment and promotion practices that violated the city charter.
A photograph called "No. 368, February-March 2006," catches a hummingbird zipping across a patch of sky over dry hills. The jagged form of a dead branch reaches across the blue sky from the left foreground, as if to point directly at the bird. If Mylayne had taken the picture a split second later, the composition would have been a total failure.
Don't bother to apply unless you have current or very recent employment.
Honest, the real fascinating tale isn't how Fowler started being American but rather how he stopped driving American.
Wherever the heck Romo is - on the mound, in the clubhouse, in a commercial - he seems to enjoy himself. Fans relate to that.
Seven others were also charged in the conspiracy and will have initial court appearances in Florida, South Carolina, Virginia, and the U.S. Virgin Islands before coming to New Jersey to answer the charges in complaints.
Daugherty suggested an alternate measure to apply a ban to unincorporated areas and let each municipality decide whether to also be included. He said he won't support any ban that exempted the casino. Two other councilmen oppose any smoking ban measure.
The authors of the study, led by the Dutch Cancer Institute's Flora van Leeuven, said that patients and physicians will likely vary in their interpretation of the findings, depending on the urgency with which they wish to produce a pregnancy. "It should be explained to women opting for IVF treatment that a borderline ovarian tumor does not constitute a lethal disease, although it may require extensive surgery and cause substantial morbidity," the authors wrote.
"Need him, need his 'A' game," Hitchcock said before the game. "When he's playing, he's a hard guy to play against. He's a guy that gives us a chance to get way more 5-on-5 scoring chances, which we're going to need on the road."
Unbeknownst to Weaver at the time of the press conference, John Richardson became the fourth member of Greenberg's staff to leave the program when he decided to return to an assistant coaching job at Old Dominion, where he was a staff member from 2005-10. Before going to ODU, Richardson led Woodside High to Group AAA state championships in '04 and '05.
The board's retreat comes at a time of turnover in city government. New Mayor Nick Guccione, Gossett and Alderwoman Sonya Shryock, Ward 2, were sworn into office April 25. Stokes was chosen to replace former Alderman Leon Tow as board president.
Shiites, who make up more than 65% of Bahrain's population, have long complained of marginalization. The Khalifa family alleges that protests have been instigated by Shiite-dominated Iran to stir trouble in Arab states. This led neighboring Saudi Arabia to send troops to Bahrain last year to quell demonstrations and stem unrest from spreading to Saudi Arabia's restive Shiite minority.
still strangers."
Daily: 723 Big 4: 0567
Spokeswomen for Jackson and Zenty deferred questions to McCafferty and Zanotti. A spokeswoman for Cutler did not return a phone call, and Thornton and McShepard did not return calls to their offices seeking comment.
IT staffing firm opens office in Clayton
Feldman: I'd certainly echo Olga. I've worked so hard to put together my dream team and I've done that, so now it's exciting to see what we can all create together. I hope by the summer we will be adopting a new four-year strategic plan. This will be my second here and I'm really, really excited about it. I've always told the board that I'm challenge-driven, so as long as I see challenge, I'm here. And I see lots of great challenges.
"It was sort of serendipity," Bennett said from MMPI's offices overlooking the mart under construction at the northeast corner of Ontario Street and St. Clair Avenue. He now lives a few blocks away in Cleveland's Warehouse District.
1/2 cup tahini paste (not prepared sauce), stirred to blend in oil before measuring
"I love gardening, and I have all kinds of plants in my yard and in containers on my deck, so I must have chosen this plant for its color not knowing that it's the host plant for the Monarch butterfly," she says. "If you stick a milkweed in your garden in a sunny spot the butterflies will find it.
A technical foul on Tech coach Billy Gillispie, the fourth called against an MU opponent in the last three games, and a flagrant foul on Pettaway 35 seconds later jump-started MU in the second half.
She was a beautiful young woman with a fun and caring spirit. And although I am very happily married, I often wonder what life would be like had I better prepared myself for her return and treated her the way she deserved as a human and a person I cared a great deal for.
There is no reason the county executive and the council chairman couldn't follow the state process and agree on a revenue estimate from the beginning.
$305,000 13315 W. Solano Drive, Litchfield Park
But based on past historical examples, the IMF concludes that monetary easing by governments can temper economic slowdowns by helping to reduce mortgage payments and preventing defaults.
The Dow rose 4.2 percent to close at 12,045. It has more than gained back the 564-point slump it had last week and is up 7 percent so far this week. The last time the Dow closed up more than 400 points was Aug. 11.
"It definitely puts life in perspective. Everything happens for a reason. It's very humbling to be in this situation, but I take any situation head on, just like I did with the Dr. Phil thing. My thing is I came from nothing, so for me to be in that situation, it's one of those things I just deal with it. There are some competitive and talented guys in that league."
A very special thank you to Mayor Bob Conley for his participation and support during the event. Many thanks to the volunteers: John Morris, Karen Meyer, Ken Toumey, and Dr. Allison Adams for helping on set up and working the Chamber table. pecial thanks to Meg Wastie of the Museum of Early Crafts & Trades, 9 Main St., for entertaining the children as our Easter Bunny and a special thanks to Frank Iannorone of the Madison Pharmacy, 66 Main St., for donating the balloons.
"People are much more interested in food now," she added. "We're even thinking about doing tours of Cleveland's urban food gardens."
Schueler moved ahead of former Corvallis champion LaReina Woods (11.90) and Lakeridge's Mandy White (11.90) into second place on the state list.
Tuesday afternoon, Jefferson County officials led reporters deep into the backcountry to scenes of Monday's devastation.
Concerns over the health of Spain's banking sector and the rise of borrowing costs have prompted speculation that Spain may be the next country in the euro zone that will need a financial bailout.
That kind of reaction displays our own insecurities, fearing that an amateur aficionado of our geeky thing is somehow going to ruin it for everyone. Labels such as "geek" are useful cultural shorthand, but to me there is nothing unproductively geekier than being obsessed with the labels other people append to themselves.
Hot air, hot cars, cool colors. The Balloons 'n' Varooms festival will take place on May 25-27 in Ridgway. This scenic event, with colorful hot-air balloons and beautiful classic cars amid the San Juan Mountains, will have food, local brews, a free concert in the park and fun for the whole family. ridgway colorado.com or 970-626-5181
One encounter affected him deeply, the Oregon Democrat said Saturday at a news conference to announce that the Senate is nearing approval of a bill that includes $900,000 toward establishing a YWCA shelter in Portland for underage sex workers. Several other officials working on other initiatives to combat the sex industry attended the news conference.
Later, she rubs her bosom, clad only in a black bra, against his perfectly defined pecs. And then there's the scene where she trails a finger against his . . .
Division Chief David Quinones, declined to disclose how many officers were brought in to handle the crowd but said "it was enough." Officials have not yet calculated the amount of overtime officers accrued on Saturday.
On the first floor, DeMinno was spinning out, non-stop, tiny plates of lentil stew covered with his house-made sausage -- which he had shipped to New York a week early to complete its cure. He fed more people in tuxedos than he sees over a long period of time at Clyde Common, and he reveled in the opportunity.
Connelly's team concluded that stainless steel grills are the most durable, and, he says, "We're seeing more and more stainless steel, because it's getting cheaper and because grills are coming from China." Frigidaire would like us to know that high-grade stainless steel lasts longest.
In addition to the economy, the 54 companies that responded checked off education, global competition, health-care benefits and federal tax rates as top concerns, along with wage rates, state taxes, increased regulatory enforcement and global competition.
He is only the sixth player to go from college and earn his tour card without having to through Q-school, and Cauley joins Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson as the only players to accomplish that feat in eight starts or fewer.
12 ounces dried pasta (such as elbow macaroni)
Koster has said that Rupp's support for service-contract reform would be critical to winning support in the legislature.
"I am proof that it can happen, but I'd be doing them a disservice if I said it was easy," he says. "Several times in my career I wondered if I could put up with this crazy industry."
For people who want to recycle electronics when they buy a new one, check out greenergadgets.org. Enter your zip code to find retailers and other locations where you can recycle your electronics.
"We need a fundamental new approach," said one officer, a senior advisor to Army Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal, the newly appointed top commander in Afghanistan.
Brandon Bass was called for a foul on Smith tussling for a loose ball, with both players sprawled on the court out beyond the foul line. Rondo screamed at official Marc Davis, who quickly called a technical. Rondo then bumped Davis with his chest and was tossed out. A suspension could be coming, too.
Back home in the U.S., the duck-head nutcracker and the purse are on my coffee table. There's a story in the newspaper about violence in a U.S. prison, and I wonder what would happen if U.S. prisons were run like the one in Chetumal. Would criminality be transformed into creativity?
"He is absolutely unafraid and he will die with dignity -- dignity to the point of defiance," Gordon said.
LONDON -- Fabrice Muamba will cheer on the Bolton Wanderers from the stands when they face Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League on Wednesday after a remarkable recovery from the cardiac arrest he suffered on the London club's pitch in March.
"I loved that the students wanted to be there," she said. "I liked that I was learning and wasn't being held back because of my age. There were no reviews. It was more at my level and a faster pace."
On the radio, he often interrogates celebrities about their sex lives. But a softer side of Stern is on display: At last month's session, he pronounces a group of bewigged tween contortionists "sensational." But Mandel says they're "not smooth enough," and Osbourne calls the act slow.
Ben Puente was driving by, saw the fire and pulled over. He said he ran along the building yelling for people to get out, and saw one man jump from a second-story window and land on the ground. He helped others down the ladders.
Do you have kids with you this weekend? Or are you just a kid at heart? Try our Children's Museum, the world's largest, for a day of indoor fun.
The bodies of the last two victims of Saturday's midair crash were recovered when a large piece of the Piper PA-32 plane that collided with a helicopter was lifted from the Hudson River shortly after 5 p.m. yesterday.
Playing Division I soccer was always a goal for Taylor Addison, but not one she always thought she would reach. The Cardinal Spellman star suffered a torn ACL that cost her nearly her entire sophomore season and made her wonder if that would hold her back from playing at that level.
"The president's position on gay marriage has been one of cold political calculation," said Terry Holt, one of several Republican consultants who steered clear of the issue's moral and religious implications. He said Obama seeks to "win over a group of voters that he absolutely has to have to get re-elected."
Beldini, who was 76 at the time of her sentencing, was arrested in July 2009 in New Jersey's largest federal corruption sting.
Lyon, of Montville, gave a fiery speech in his own defense, playing on populist themes. He reminded the crowd that they were there because of an "unelected judge," and used the phrase "will of the people" at least half a dozen times.
After three hours in a holding cell, his wife got him released by borrowing $300 on a credit card. He is considering a challenge to the ruling on constitutional grounds. "I couldn't pay, and I was stuck in jail until I did," he said. "How is that any different from debtors prison?"
"It's a nice demonstration of how old houses can retain their character and still be creative and modern at the same time," Warner said.
Bound for national champion Maryland on a full scholarship, Parker was simply an irrepressible force for the two-time Class 2A state champion Gladiators. This season she mesmerized fans and opposing players with her moves and befuddled defenses as she scored 37 goals and handed out 36 assists.
So Verizon re-blocked my phone lines. Yet, the company says it recorded online access on Nov. 8, Nov. 14 and Nov. 21. Chris, a supervisor from Pittsburgh, is dumbfounded. He confirmed my phones are blocked. He doesn't know how this is happening. He's supposed to get back to me.
John Tieman, 66, of Beverly was at the wheel of the bus and headed for Chesterfield Elementary School when the vehicle entered the intersection of Route 528 and Old York Road and was struck by a loaded dump truck driven by Michael Caporale, 38, of New Egypt.
LCH.Clearnet's move follows decisions this month by the governments of Russia and Chile to stop buying Irish debt.
"Every day since then, we've had people inquire about it," Murphy said. "I imagine that will happen for a long time and even longer if he happens to become president."
While Carpenter returns to St. Louis, outfielder-first baseman Allen Craig will remain in Jupiter to participate in the club's extended spring program. Craig's surgically repaired knee has shown marked improvement in the past two months but experienced significant swelling after he took 10 at-bats in a single minor-league game.
"The Lorax" features some catchy tunes and impressive animation that is bright and lively even from behind the shade of 3D glasses.
Marjorie Amstuz, 83, a longtime viewer of the television show, talked with a friend about the expanded choir. She doesn't get the chance to attend services often, but came Sunday for the first time in about a year.
What's sadly clear is this president is better at greeting than governing.
"I want to get this 'rebuild' word out of everybody's mouth," Mathis said. "I'm here to win games, and we're not going to fall short of our goal. We've been counted out already, so we've got to use it as positive motivation.
Alex Gonzalez, Florida Marlins vs. New York Yankees, 2003, Game 4, 12th, 4-3.
If Manning picks the Cardinals, the team is expected to release Kolb before he triggers the bonus. If Manning doesn't choose Arizona, the Cardinals are expected to go with Kolb.
Mortenson's charity received $100,000 from President Barack Obama's $1.4 million 2009 Nobel Peace Prize award. The author and philanthropist received other support from high-profile backers and took numerous awards before the April 2011 "60 Minutes" report.
That streak finally may end.
In general, Lebanon is perhaps the most tolerant Arab nation when it comes to alcohol. The capital Beirut is known for its bars and clubs frequented by locals and foreign tourists. Beach parties, in which men and women in bathing suits dance and drink are also common in Beirut as well as the coasts north and south of the capital.
And though Clinton couched his criticism in the narrow terms of politics, intolerance of opposing points of view is a bipartisan, gender-neutral, race-blind, multigenerational pastime simply because we are a society that demands our personal preferences be catered to at all times.
The most common reply was racism disguised as religious dogma, which included racial intolerance or prejudice. This went both ways, as both black and white inmates expressed racial superiority.
"I don't think it necessarily knocked him out of the Heisman race, but I think he's teetering on the edge of hemorrhaging a lot of votes," Huston said.
"I like a challenge," the 74-year-old said with a twinkling smile. "And you get them here."
Time: 10:30 a.m.
The next morning, a university lecturer told the story of Jews in Poland with none of the denial or self-justification I have heard from my fellow Polish Americans. This man started a Jewish cultural festival that in 2009 was attended by 30,000 people.
For most scotch drinkers, it's new single-malt releases, not blended scotch, that are cause for excitement. After all, single malts are exclusive by nature, showcasing a particular blend of ingredients barrel-aged in a particular environment for a particular number of years. All those Johnnie Walkers, Dewars and Famous Grouses, the big blends, are popular for their consistency as opposed to their exclusivity.
The state Education Department told the newspaper it had inserted language in Sacco's contract that may have made it seem he was entitled to more money.
Cliffs' sales to China accounted for 30 percent of its revenue last year, up from 5 percent in 2004. Revenue from U.S. customers declined to 45 percent from 76 percent during the same period.
He added that climate science is complex and "we know enough to know that we are at least part of the problem."
There have also been recruiting scandals with the basketball and football programs.
motivations and instead is driven by sound public
Lee Thomas, a partner in the accounting firm Ernst & Young in downtown Cleveland, has been involved in the company's Entrepreneur of the Year awards for several years. Thomas said a lot of people have a lot of good ideas that never go anywhere. But he said successful "accidental entrepreneurs" have traits that other successful entrepreneurs have, including the ability to form networks.
During the signing ceremony with Karzai, Obama said the new strategic partnership -- which took 20 months to negotiate -- reaffirms the bond between Americans and Afghans after more than 10 years of war.
NEWARK -- School community members have planned several fundraisers to help defray funeral costs for the family of Osana Futi, an 18-year-old Newark Memorial High student who was fatally stabbed last weekend.
The bank fought back against the government's charges, saying, "the SEC does not contend that the two professional institutional investors involved did not know what they were buying, or that the securities included in this privately placed transaction were in anyway improper."
Fishing
At tomorrow night's City Council meeting, the City Council will be asked by the mayor to approve his appointments of the four new directors. The Council will also have to approve Mayor Cammarano proposed yearly salary of $129,945, plus health benefits.
"Santa Clara County's economy is very healthy," Chung said. "All signs are pointing in the right direction."
U.S. Rep. Ben Quayle, R-Ariz., said in a written statement that the Border Patrol's new strategic plan is inadequate because it lacks a way to measure how much of the border is secure.
(05-05) 22:28 PDT Anaheim, Calif. (AP) --
"It's a road map to help them navigate some of where the opportunities and issues are, where they can focus their time and attention," said Steve Millard, executive director of the Council of Smaller Enterprises, after a meeting with transition co-chairs last week.
"I went to the doctor, too, and am having all the regular medical tests to make sure I'm healthy. I'm just so thankful I got the chance."
The department originally estimated it would cost $5 million to renovate the building it acquired at 1915 Olive Street. A general contractor voluntarily reviewed the plans and narrowed the cost to $3 million.
The first tunnel -- called the Deep Rock Tunnel Connector -- ranks as the city's largest public works construction project ever, officials say.
A & B Discount
Science Center President Bert Vescolani met today with employees of the tax-funded museum to discuss the staffing reduction, which affects about nine percent of the center's work force and includes both full-time and part-time employees.
Most, however, believed he was alive and watching as, one by one, top al Qaeda operatives were captured or killed over the past several years.
Milestones fall in Stanford win
Michael Hughes of Allendale won the Northeast Maclay regionals and is heading toward the November finals at the National Horse Show in Kentucky. The odds are that before that, though, he could win one of the other fall equitation finals. Hughes is an amazing talent who made his debut in the Talent Search at the age of 11.
"I'll let you cut in only if you vote for me," he said, winning a smile from the car's occupants.
When: 5 to 9:30 p.m. Saturday and Dec. 17.
Chaun Crockett, Poly
The ruling allows the four people subject to the restraining order to continue their protest and gives Grimm "sufficient space ... so the abuse would no longer occur," Jones said.
Afterglow (Genesis tribute band) 9 p.m. Apr. 14. $7.
Thoughts on Joe Paterno announcing his retirement:
Favorite subject: History. "You get to learn about the past and about peoples' lives."
The idea was to create model schools that would test innovative practices. If they didn't post better standardized test scores than traditional schools, they could be closed.
Twelve of Loyd's projects were in the tiny town of Chiloquin, which is between Bend and Klamath Falls and one of the poorest communities in Oregon.
The demonstration began as a sit-in last Friday to protest the disqualification of Hazem Abu Ismail, a prominent Islamic candidate, from the election scheduled for May 23. But it swelled as other Egyptians joined in with a long list of grievances against the military rulers, including the barring of other candidates, including two other front-runners.
Ted Eliopoulos, CalPERS' chief real estate investment officer, who took over responsibility for Jelincic's work, declined The Bee's interview request.
Obama is seeking to offer some attractive options to taxpayers, mindful of recent setbacks including the loss of a traditionally Democratic Senate seat in Massachusetts to Republican Scott Brown. Monday's rollout is designed to show sympathy with a frustrated public. "We are fighting every single day to put Americans back to work," Obama said in a statement released by the White House.
''I'm sorry this took so long and dragged out,'' LaGrand said. ''But from the bottom of my heart I'm sorry for what I did. I hope one day you can find it in your heart to forgive me.''
Jobless workers here have been able to count on 99 weeks of benefits, but the maximum could fall to as low as 59 weeks.
By Ken Yarnell
Danny moved the Tolleson facility from its former location half a block to the east so that it could abut 99th Avenue near the I-10 interchange.
At East-West, he will succeed Les Sterman, who resigned in July
He has spent a career in public life as a prosecutor, a mayor and governor. At 63, he can add to his legacy of changing a city by also changing a state.
That's because former Gov. Jim Florio, a Democrat, recently said that some fish from New Jersey waters are labeled unsafe to eat.
Signature dish: Try the Rosa pasta dish, farfalle dressed in a creamy combination of marinara and alfredo sauces, tossed with a satisfying mix of chicken, shrimp and crab.
Portland (10-13-7, 37 points)
All reserved seat tickets are $10 and will be on sale at Clubhouse 3 box office on May 19. Complimentary food, wine and soft drinks, provided by refreshments sponsors, will be served to all ticket holders after the matinee and evening performances.
Sponsorship materials are also available on the site. Call the special events manager for The Bachmann-Strauss Dystonia & Parkinson Foundation at 212-682-9900.
Burberry asked a federal court to declare that its use of Bogart's name and image in social media doesn't infringe Bogart Corp.'s trademark rights or rights of publicity, it said in a complaint filed Wednesday in New York.
Both women remain in Etowah County's jail without access to computers. But as in other high-profile court dramas, Facebook pages dedicated to the case appeared soon after Savannah's death.
Speaking of Larry David and HBO: Who thought that when "Seinfeld" ended it would be Julia Louis-Dreyfus who would enjoy the richest TV afterlife? She surfaces Sunday for her third post-"Seinfeld" series, "Veep" on HBO.
Clients walked into Cipher years ago, for example, with the idea of remotely controlling home energy use. Cipher came up with a radio the size of a quarter with a router and gateway connected to the Web. The radios go in a variety of products, one of which QPL assembles.
At least a dozen cars, six tractor-trailers and a motorhome collided about 3:45 a.m. Sunday. Some cars were crushed under the bellies of big rigs. Others burst into flames and sent metal shrapnel flying through the air, horrifying witnesses watching the violence along Interstate 75 in calls to 911. Eighteen survivors were hospitalized.
Keep the penny
As she raps and dances about during "Move That Thang," Hennegen continuously employs her stooped posture and shuffling walk, showcasing admirable consistency in her portrayal.
I've done much research into bourbon, though I must admit that it's been a while since I visited distilleries in the Bluegrass State. Nevertheless, I've been treated to an inside look at all of the major distilleries down there, sampling Maker's Mark, Wild Turkey, Evan Williams, Woodford Reserve, Jim Beam, Buffalo Trace and Four Roses whiskeys along the way. And, yes, I've been to Tennessee to see the stills that bring us Jack Daniel's and George Dickel Tennessee whiskey, too.
American homeowners have a future to protect. We own a piece of our world. Across the Middle East this past year, we've seen people fighting for their rights, fighting for the right to own part of their future. They look to America as the 'shining city on the hill" showing them the way to build their own future based on ownership.
PG, for some rude humor, mild language and brief smoking. 92 minutes.
But Gebauer maintained Tuesday that he regularly prays for forgiveness and that his "longer and more expanded version" on that February 2010 night didn't contradict his claim of self-defense in the shooting.
Beer companies know that an attractive, eye-catching tap handle can get people's attention, get them to try something for the first time - and keep them coming back for more.
The idea with that is to give more of yourself to gravity, to lean your upper body forward and essentially fall into a run. Key to the technique are the positions of your pelvis and feet. Your head should precede your feet, and your ankles should never flex.
Forty-four states expressly ban bullying, a legislative legacy of a rash of school shootings in the late '90s, yet few if any of those measures have identified children who excessively pick on their peers, an Associated Press review has found. And few offer any method for ensuring the policies are enforced, according to data compiled by the National Conference of State Legislatures.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau acknowledged Thursday that its proposal would increase costs for cardholders and allow banks to charge more in fees.
"Watches are more portable than fast cars," he says. "When you look at a man, you look at his shoes, his suit, and now, his watch."
Purdy gained possession of a loose ball and advanced up the field before making a pass to midfielder Sal Zizzo.
Sanchez was also facing federal drug charges at that time and he finished serving his federal sentence in May 2010, according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
GILBERT: "The only manure was coming out of that old man's mouth because I don't know who he is."
"I never set out to intentionally hurt any player and never enticed any teammate to intentionally hurt another player. I also never put any money into a bounty pool or helped to create a bounty pool intended to pay out money for injuring other players," Vilma said. He added: "I intend to fight this injustice, to defend my reputation, to stand up for my team and my profession, and to send a clear signal to the Commissioner that the process has failed, to the detriment of me, my teammates, the New Orleans Saints and the game."
First-place, Laura Bockwoldt, Bierbaum; second place, Ellie Crawford, Wohlwend Elementary, and Jack Parcell, Point Elementary; third place, Silas Monte, Bierbaum.
Advocates for sexual abuse victims said they often take years to gather the courage to come forward with their stories, and often suffer post-traumatic stress disorder and depression.
The three-legged, stationary lander arrived May 25, 2008, on what was intended as a three-month mission to study what it found on the Martian surface and to dig below, in hopes of confirming the presence of water.
There are different ways to evaluate an NFL Draft prospect.
He has worked for past 10 years to instill hope in people with Asperger's, beginning with inmates in prerelease programs and teenagers in group homes.
Kim said an average depth of a quake would be five or six miles. The shallowness of Monday night's event resulted in more shaking, causing more people to feel it, he said. If it had been focused deeper underground, it could have gone almost unnoticed, he said.
The database includes transfers on record from the Cuyahoga County auditor's office since January 2007.
While authorities say DiNunzio, 53, talked like a brutal and ruthless leader, evidence revealed by prosecutors shows the captain of his Rhode Island crew, Edward "Eddy" Lato, 65, saw him as a bumbling and sloppy boss who gave away the strip club money "like candy" and ignored signs he was under surveillance by authorities.
According to the plan, such a network will allow safe and convenient bicycle travel throughout the community for riders.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Like thousands of Greater Cleveland motorists, Biagio Sciano of Brooklyn Heights buys groceries at Giant Eagle in order to cut his price of gasoline.
"We believe that the changes made by the applicant directly respond to the Planning Commission's grounds for denial," he said.
3 chayote squash, peeled, seeded and diced
Setting aside the extraordinary artifacts, archaeologists say Pig Point is most unique and valuable because of its nearly 10,000-year record of continuous human habitation.
Joe: Big Bend Boulevard in between Couch Road and Dougherty Ferry Road are in much needed repair just like many roads in St. Louis County. In the foreseeable future do we see these roads getting replaced or are we just going to get these bandage repair jobs that don't seem to work or hold at all?
In 2003, the Justice Department investigated MTC's operation of the Santa Fe County Jail in New Mexico and found a shortage of staffing, including too few and undertrained medical staff. Investigators said that over several months, MTC tripled the inmate population to 580 without hiring additional guards or supervisors. A doctor visited every six weeks; the facility's one nurse was ordered not to spend more than five minutes with any patient. Officers, paid $8.50 an hour with no benefits, frequently quit to work for the state prison nearby. The report led the U.S. Marshals Service to remove the more than 100 inmates it had at the jail.
Dan Mikolasik of Shelby Township took the D to Lakeland, Fla. -- where he bumped into the Tigers' new first baseman, Prince Fielder, during spring training. "Fielder asked me to take a picture with him," Mikolasik says. "Detroit's going to love him!"
French carrier Air France said it would maintain all of its long-haul flights during the strike, with the protest movement affecting only its routes within France and Europe.
Most debtors don't put up a fight or even stand before a judge. In Hennepin County, about two-thirds of default judgments are approved by clerks because the debtors didn't respond to lawsuits.
"And could you imagine Dwight Howard if you could just get him in the 70 percentile? He would be unstoppable. He would be unbelievable."
This year, for example, the bonus program offset more than two-thirds of the cuts in the health care law. Indeed, Medicare Advantage enrollment is up by 10 percent and premiums have gone down on average.
Jackson, who led for approximately half a mile before eventual winner Brandon Shemonia of Scott City took over, walked off with a fistful of medals and an ear-to-ear smile.
Romney's strategy of business accommodation might not find a very helpful backdrop in a city abandoned by the big businesses that once supported a very different reputation - of raw industrial strength. Nor would his campaign want to risk an observation that it takes 1,800 average East St. Louis wage earners to equal Romney's 2010 income of $21.6 million.
With Halak unable to continue, Hitchcock again had no options. Elliott came into the game and, as he has been all season, he was the perfect complement.
"It is not her fault what happened," said neighbor Lily Valdez, 37, who has five children. "It could happen to anybody. The lesson is if you don't see your kid for a minute, look for him."
Hong has been a ubiquitous presence in film and television since the 1950s. He began his career at a time when there were only certain types of roles for Asian actors in Hollywood productions.
SOCIAL WORKER: I supervise myself. I'm the supervisor here.
Instead, Schnegg ordered Brown to get his hands dirty by doing work equivalent to what he would do in California -- clean up grafitti or roadside trash.
Oddly, every visitor who sees my apartment wants to move in. (Could it be my decorating talents?) When am I leaving for Israel, asks an Israeli tourist with designs. She looks around and asks, "Where's the rest of it? Is that the bedroom?" pointing down a hallway. I parry deftly: "Would you like to see my walk in kitchen?" She has an offer. I can vacation in her flat and she'll stay in mine. Fair deal. Oh, and she has a 60-pound Labrador. How about June in Jerusalem?
Carolina Chocolate Drops. 8 p.m. Kent Stage. $15-$20.
They saw the shuttle appear from behind the Washington Monument, seem to go behind the old clock on the Smithsonian castle and then fly a bit above the Statue of Freedom on top of the Capitol.
"The next four years here are going to be amazing," Centrowitz said. "Hopefully, I'll be ready to put on a good show."
Germany and Norway, who have troops in the region, said none of their soldiers were involved. Germany commands alliance operations in the area. There are troops of various nationalities serving there, most at a Norwegian base that houses a Provincial Reconstruction Team in Maimahan. The joint international military-civilian units work on development and reconstruction projects.
Passot remodeled the kitchen 10 years ago, and the dining room five years ago. "My priority was to get the dining room to a four-star standard," he said. "The kitchen could still deliver a quality product."
Heights Libraries Lee Road Branch, 2345 Lee Road. Cozy crafts. Join in after school for a different craft project to make and take home in this three-part series, 3:30-5 p.m. (216) 932-3600.
Wyandotte
Silver believed that combining the two approaches -- the neural graft and the chase enzyme -- would overcome the limitations of each individual procedure. Chase would unshackle the severed axons so they could start to grow, and the neural trellis would nurture and guide them around the scar, directing them to reconnect with the appropriate nerve node in the spinal cord.
"When we began our talks, so many of them quietly nodded their heads," she said. "They knew."
His boss didn't say so, but Bryant doesn't expect to be paid for Saturday.
Deal added a human side to the discussion, becoming emotional as he recounted witnessing first-hand the impact of alternative sentencing.
Weather officials and emergency management officials worried most about what would happen if strong storms hit when people were sleeping, not paying attention to weather reports and unlikely to hear warning sirens. When it's dark, it's also more difficult for weather spotters to clearly see funnel clouds or tornadoes.
Last summer the Garfield Heights resident was among the 32 citizens who signed a petition in the midst of the corruption investigation requesting a review of county Auditor Frank Russo's office.
For decades, county elections officials have been required to conduct the contests for party posts in primary elections. The Libertarian Party is the only one that has opted out of county-run balloting in California.
Morton couldn't get his trademark sinker to sink and the Reds took full advantage. Frazier drilled a shot into the bleachers in the second for his first home run since Sept. 2, and Stubbs pushed Cincinnati's lead to 4-0 in the fourth when his fly ball sailed just over the wall in right-center.
Jehle told the Post-Dispatch that he believed Daytona Beach-based Voice Touch broke federal telemarketing laws when it placed calls on behalf of National Auto Warranty Services, renamed US Fidelis in January. Jehle said company executives knew what Voice Touch was up to. He also said he quit the company because of his concern over the calling tactics.
The fest takes place on the site of the former brewery farm, where the original silo is now the world's largest cone-top beer can. The brewery used to boast one of the area's largest dairies, which helped it survive Prohibition. (The bottling equipment was used to bottle milk.)
Next: Collegiate (Apr. 30, 4:30 p.m.)
10:25 a.m.: The next episode occurred in 2008, when he was very irritable and had an "explosive" incident at his niece's graduation. He was spending a lot of money, had large credit card debts. He removed money from his retirement funds but didn't pay off his debts; he spent more on a $30,000 landscaping project and a ring for his wife.
"My sophomore goalkeeper made two huge saves," O'Fallon coach Jason Turkington said. "He's really grown and matured over the last couple of weeks."
"God bless the lives of those who have been affected," said Dayton, who toured the North Side with U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison, House Speaker Kurt Zellers, state Sen. Linda Higgins, City Council President Barb Johnson and other council members.
A Do the diagnostic fault codes specifically identify a failed catalytic converter? Unless the exhaust is restricted by a failed catalytic converter, I'd be inclined to replace just the oxygen sensors first -- particularly the front sensor. The original may be slow to react to changes in the percentage of oxygen in the exhaust and might not keep the fuel-air mixture as precise as it should. With a new sensor, the converter may be able to catalyze the smaller percentage of unburned fuel well enough to keep the engine light off. If not, you can always decide to replace the converter at a later date. If you do, consider an aftermarket converter at a significantly lower cost.
Samay with the regional Human Rights Commission agreed "baad" was one of the factors driving women to flee their homes, along with poverty and low levels of literacy.
What else? No comment.
After her request to Catholic Family Services adoption agency in Paterson yielded a form letter saying her daughter had not inquired about her, Foster hired a private investigator who brought her a high school graduation photo of her daughter, Donna. She keeps it with her own high school yearbook picture, to show how much they resembled each other. The fear about meeting her daughter vanished.
Kelly: "Actually, they floated over the field. They are working on leverage drills. They can levitate really well."
RIDES
The toughest route here is to treat the subject as open to perpetual discussion. State your case as matter-of-factly as possible -- whatever that case may be -- and indicate that you meant to honor the mothers, not hurt them. If she presses, then repeat: "I said we meant no harm. To me, the issue is closed." Ever after, respond to any comments from her with a raised-eyebrow smile and a return of your attention to wherever it was before.
Comment: I could see the Bears adding one more defensive tackle, just to mix things up. Anthony Adams and Aubrayo Franklin are among the players available.
Enrolling at PVCC two years ago fulfilled that personal goal. "It's for me," she said. "It's not for work. It's not for my children. It's for me."
But let's break it down. How, exactly, are travelers misbehaving? And what can be done about it?
"I know who destroyed him," Ariela Neuman said. "He was a puppet."
Slaten came on to fan Lonnie Chisenhall. Catcher Eric Fryer threw out Phelps, trying to steal third. Matt LaPorta fouled out to end the inning.
7005 Jonathon St., $85,000
The ban extends to the AR-15, a weapon Pearson called the most popular hunting rifle in the United States, as well as guns used for duck hunting and shooting clay pigeons. "And there's no reason to do it. There's no justification for it at all," he said.
Granger said the woman would have to weave "an elaborate lie" to accuse Barnes of the crime.
TransCanada said it applied again to the State Department for permission to build the pipeline to carry oil from tar sands in western Canada to a company hub in Steele City, Neb. From there the project would link up with other pipelines operated by the company to carry oil to refineries on the Texas Gulf Coast.
C. Compared with the placebo you would need to treat 57 patients with the drug for 5 years to avoid one stroke.
With the Blues trailing 1-0 to start the third, Berglund tied the game just 54 seconds into the period. He went to the front of the net as Steen sent a pass across to Kevin Shattenkirk at the right point. Shattenkirk, who had 11 shots on goal in the game, let fire and Berglund tipped the puck over the shoulder of San Jose netminder Antti Niemi to make it 1-1 and send the crowd into a frenzy.
On a more contemplative note, he said, "Don't live in the past; you have to live for the future...even today I look forward to growing and make life better for others."
This year the Indians are supposedly made of sterner stuff. They have certainly gone about it in a lower key, but after Sunday's victory ended a 3-3 homestand, they found themselves all alone on top of the division at 11-9 with a one-game lead over the big-money White Sox and the bigger-money Tigers.
Henderson, the librarian, agrees but she said not everyone has the ability to help kids discover the joy of reading.
-- From 1999 through 2008, the reported abortion rate fell 4%. As of 2008, the most recent year for which statistics are available, the rate was 16 abortions per 1,000 women, according to the federal government.
Things reached their wildest in the eighth. Chicago, which overcame a 7-2 deficit to tie it, 7-7, loaded the bases against Rafael Betancourt (1-0) with no one out. Joe Crede and Juan Uribe opened the inning with consecutive doubles, but Crede was stopped at third by third base coach Jeff Cox. After Betancourt intentionally walked Nick Swisher to load the bases, the game hit hyperdrive.
The Obama campaign, which declined to discuss political implications of the decision, could be pleased that independent voters support the legalization of marriage 57%-40%, according to the latest Gallup Poll. On Wednesday evening, the president sent a fundraising e-mail to supporters explaining his position.
Although Mason has never been personally implicated in the county corruption scandal, some of his closest political allies have been -- and even fair-minded observers wonder how a prosecutor so politically wired could have been unaware of the dirty dealing all around him. On his watch, the prosecutor's office has been overstocked with part-time politicians and others tied to Mason's political network and, in some cases, with his own relatives. It has developed a reputation among judges and defense attorneys for overcharging defendants and refusing to strike deals that would allow the justice system to focus on the most serious offenders.
In one confidential court document, the woman who later smashed her adoptive daughter's fingers with a hammer and burned her with boiling water and a curling iron was described as "capable, experienced and energetic."
Demmon combined her business and artistic interests earlier this year when she started a gallery to show local artwork in the Tualatin Chamber of Commerce office. Now she's taken another step by arranging for more than a dozen artists, backed by local businesses, to participate in the Tualatin Studio Tour during the Thanksgiving weekend.
He wants to lower the county sales tax, favors outside hiring and performance audits and says his priorities will be job creation and a strict ethics code.
"Pete Wilson lost his voice, his bid for the Republican presidential nomination and much of his momentum in the first year of his second term," Whalen said.
"Yellowing" can mean two things. Yellowish leaves indicate that a citrus tree needs nitrogen fertilizer. Yellow leaves with green veins indicate that citrus needs iron.
"It's the best job there is in advertising," said Fitzloff. "I'm extremely thankful to be working for a company I love."
Worthy could figure in right away at defensive end, where the Packers never really found a replacement for departed free agent Cullen Jenkins last season. The oft-injured Mike Neal will miss the first four games of the 2012 season because of a suspension for performance-enhancing drugs, and free agent signee Anthony Hargrove received an eight-game suspension for his role in the New Orleans Saints bounty controversy.
Eaton is 6-0 and so is Fishers after the Tigers beat No. 15 Park Tudor 4-1 on April 17. The Tigers also have beaten No. 16 North Central 4-1.
Brittany Hazel Mederos, 19, who survived the shootings, had already suffered trauma when she was nearly killed after she and her mother were run down accidentally by a car in 2008. She lived in the house with her mother and Ready. She was in a bedroom when she heard the shooting and found the bodies. Then, according to Hugo Mederos, she ran to a neighbor's. "In the end, you know, everybody's dead," Hugo said.
Sporting Kansas City set an MLS record of 335 minutes without allowing a shot on goal.
As soon as they've been checked out and deemed healthy, the animals will be made available for adoption, HSMO officials said.
2 tablespoons white wine
The upstate county chairman, meanwhile, said he believed the possibility of an independent slate was being pushed by some local party leaders close to former Gov. George Pataki, who has repeatedly promoted himself as a potential candidate for president.
Sibling rivals, Harmon admitted Lee's inquiry was a bit tongue in cheek.
Tomas Bernal, one of dozens who helped organize the Port of Portland demonstration, said he was surprised that police shut down the port before protestors even arrived Monday morning.
Sheriff's Office spokesman Lee said the shooter was not taken into custody, but charges could be filed later if deemed necessary.
"They didn't have time for me to turn around and, bam, it was out of my hands," she said.
The vibe: There is a nice balance between the upscale and the casual at Source. Located within the posh Quarry Ponds shopping center, it's at once family-friendly and ideal for date night. This blend manages to feel welcoming to all, rather than alienating to either. The service is spot-on enthusiastic, knowledgeable and friendly without feeling insincere or oppressive.
You get caught, as the 17-year-old Ocean City native did a week ago, and police give you a $100 ticket. "Laws are laws," he said they told him.
"It strikes an important balance between protecting proprietary information about a company's intellectual property while making it available to specific persons for specific reasons," she said.
The feeling of relief was evident among about 300 members of Westmarc. The West Valley coalition of business, civic and educational leaders gathered at the Wigwam Resort in Litchfield Park for the annual economic development summit on Wednesday.
"He may not remember much about my dad, but he recognizes his Papa and he loves him, and that makes me very happy," Szymborski said.
"I think that Munger's interests are in Republican majorities, for that I applaud him," said conservative blogger Jon Fleischman. "The problem is, by the time we get to Munger's version of a majority, we won't have a Republican Party that will actually shrink government."
1921 Burns Av, $9,734
The confirmed lineup of chefs includes Josh Galliano of Monarch, Carl McConnell of Stone Soup Cottage, Anthony Devoti of Five, Cary McDowell of Winslow's Home, Tim Grandinetti of Overlook Farm, Christy Augustin of Le Cordon Bleu, Chuck Friedhoff of Persimmon Woods Golf Club, Nick Miller of Harvest and Steven Caravelli of Araka. Schlafly beers and Claverach wines will be poured, and attendees are invited to bring their own booze.
In downtown Sendai, there were long lines at the bus station. The city is still largely without water, electricity and gasoline, making it difficult for people to leave by car.
Measure and sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Add the flour mixture to butter-sugar mixture a little at a time, mixing between additions and scraping the sides of the bowl as needed, until well mixed. Set aside.
The Blues took a commanding 3-0 in the second period on the penalty kill. Persistent Scott Nichol did the heavy lifting by muscling Marian Hossa off the right point, advancing the puck up the ice and gaining the offensive zone.
Out of State A (99 or less): First place, Skyview High School; second place, Hockinson High School; third place, Bellingham High School
Health officials say people can get salmonella by handling infected dog food, then not washing their hands before eating or handling their own food.
Madison and St. Clair were elevated to fifth place on the American Tort Reform Association's list of "judicial hellholes" in a report to be released today. The counties were on the "watch list" of the pro-business lobby group last year.
at Syracuse in 2003:
"At the same time, it did knock him out this week," Winkle said. "Needless to say, he's pretty bummed out at this point."
Cats for $75
Happy New Year.
At a different soiree, Fadil testified, a young woman put on a jersey and mask to dress up like Brazilian soccer star Ronaldinho, then took them off to reveal skimpy panties. Ronhadinho used to play for AC Milan, the soccer club owned by Berlusconi.
Prosecutors have recommended Guzner be sentenced to 12 months to 18 months with no chance of parole, followed by two to three years of probation.
He is considered versatile enough to move to the outside.
110': The crowd is now chanting "USA! USA!" as the Americans get closer to the final with each minute gone by. Japan gets a nice chance and almost saw a repeat of how they earned their first goal, but the shot is deflected and the US defense clears it. With time winding down, Japan now sending more players towards the front trying to get numbers and increase their chances of opportunities to score.
Charlap in Princeton
This is a clear and arrogant violation of our Constitution. This is war. Even a war launched for humanitarian reasons is still a war. And - only Congress can declare war.
Cain's plan suggested minimum wages block low-skill workers from finding work and proposed that they be eliminated in already struggling areas. His plan also suggested that building codes and zoning in such areas should be reviewed; if businesses can make a case the regulations are hurting the economy, they may qualify for waivers.
Prepare the pasta The pasta can be made early in the day of your meal.
The two feet (!) of snow at Laurel Summit, Pa., led the Pennsylvania Turnpike to reduce speed limits over the summit to 45 mph.
Carmen's beloved Mexico City-style antojitos -- mostly masa-based snacks like sopes and gorditas -- remain the restaurant's primary focus. Quesadillas can almost make a meal, either browned on the griddle or fried into empanada-like turnovers. Squash blossoms and chorizo-studded potatoes are fine fillings, but they don't match the intensity of the earthy corn fungus huitlacoche, viscous and rich, oozing from the quesadilla like a lava flow.
INDEPENDENCE -- CBIZ, Inc., the Independence-based accounting and business services company, reported Thursday first quarter revenues of $220.2 million, up 11.7 percent from the same quarter last year.
Over time, Jones lost the doll with her accompanying attires. The two, however, reunited at the International Paper Doll Convention in Texas last year, where Jones snatched Mopsy for $12.
Stanley Carlisle, Martin Moleski, Diane Rodhe
"On humanitarian grounds, we assisted Mr. Chen in entering our facilities and allowed him to remain on a temporary basis. U.S. medical personnel conducted a series of medical tests and administered appropriated treatment while he was there.
The permit request was submitted jointly by Schaumburg-based Motorola Solutions, design company Icon Identity Solutions and property manager Jones Lang LaSalle.
At noon on Tuesday, a new San Francisco branch of the store will open in The Cannery, and early visitors will receive a free picnic basket lunch. A 10,000-square foot red and white blanket will help set the scene.
Surprise or not, the closer to home an international story gets, the more interesting it is. So this one immediately took on more significance. And when ABC News began reporting at about 6:30 p.m. that the alleged shooter was from Northeast Ohio, a mad scramble began.
Garden State Equality, a statewide gay rights group, announced a $2,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of Foster and Chambers.
Fudge received a slot on the committee vacated by the death of New Jersey Democratic Rep. Donald Payne. The Committee's senior Democrat, George Miller of California, said Fudge will sit on the Workforce Protections and the Early Childhood, Elementary and Secondary Education subcommittees.
Right now, the recommendations focus heavily on diuretics. They call for making a diuretic the first drug option when beginning treatment, including a diuretic in any treatment involving more than one drug and considering changing a treatment that doesn't include a diuretic even if it has been successful at helping a patient reach goal level.
My fellow runners and I would glisten with sweat - the sexy kind, like you see in Michelob Ultra commercials, not the sweaty kind like you see at Fun Spot in August.
The Pacers, already losing money, struggled to reach an agreement on how to afford their lease at Conseco Fieldhouse, which since has been renamed Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Simon said all along that he didn't want to move the team, but the financial struggles meant tough decisions had to be made about the franchise's future.
5. Her Story: A Timeline of the Women Who Changed America, by Charlotte S. Waisman and Jill S. Tietjen, $29.95
FirstCredit Inc.: Mike Tanker was named collections manager, Michelle Lingenhoel, client support and commercial insurance billing specialist, and Elliott Taylor, Kim Morehead, Francis Lane-Jackson and Chelsea Bernard were appointed patient account managers for the Akron provider of health care revenue cycle management.
"I get a lot of brides," Di Pietro said. "Nervous eating."
The Portland orchestra still has a few programs left in its 2011-2012 season. Symphony music director Carlos Kalmar conducts on May 12-14 (pianist Arnaldo Cohen as soloist on Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1) and May 20-21 (Stravinsky's "The Rite of Spring," Dvorak's "Nocturne" and two works by John Adams). (Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall, 1037 S.W. Broadway, 503-228-1353, 800-228-7343 or www.OrSymphony.org)
Almost all of the products in the Aileses' home are as eco-friendly as possible, from the dishwasher to the duvet cover.
County Judge Mike McCabe chairs the Crook County Commission. He tells The Oregonian, "We're looking at a couple hundred jobs for quite some time in the construction phase and maybe half that many after that."
Before Monday's game, the Grizzlies had played seven straight playoff-bound teams, and although they went 3-4, they got solid wins over the Spurs, Mavericks and Thunder.
"You can't just use your body; you have to use your brain, too. The one thing no one can ever take away from you is your education," Hayden said.
-- S. Irene Virbila
That's the upcoming world-premiere musical based on the 1997 documentary film of the same name and featuring music by Trey Anastasio, leader of the massively popular Vermont jam band Phish, and Amanda Green, the wide-ranging Broadway/recording artist.
AIG declined to comment on any individual case.
Pfizer, the world's largest drugmaker, reported first-quarter profit fell 19 percent after revenue from cholesterol pill Lipitor declined because of generic competition. The company trimmed its 2012 forecast after the sale of a unit.
San Mateo resident Quilici, one of the event's planning committee members, died on Feb. 17. The committee and Mission Hospice decided to hold the fundraiser in her honor.
Haggle? Our experts were divided on this one. With large corporate stores, prices are pretty standard. But with some smaller stores, there might be room for negotiating, especially if you're a frequent customer. Can't hurt to ask, right? Sims said if she finds a dress with a hole in it, for example, she might ask for a couple bucks to get knocked off since she'll have to fix it. Sometimes, it works.
In the 2002 case, Bales was charged with criminal assault when he was said to have threatened another customer after a night of drinking at a casino bar in Tacoma, Wash. He refused to leave, then attacked a security guard with a garbage can lid and struck him in the chest with his fist, according to court records.
Surviving are his wife of 45 years, Selina Justin Lotito; seven sons, Christopher of Meadow Vista, Calif., John Lotito Jr. and his wife Dolores of Auburn, Calif.; Michael and his wife Kelly of Bethlehem, Pa.; Donald of Lebanon; Thomas and his wife Cheryl of Lebanon; David and his wife Paula of Robbinsville; and Joseph and his wife Ingrid of Annandale; three sisters, Christine Jacovone and Mary Sica and her husband Albert, all of Rochester, NY. and Cecelia DeStafano of Whitehouse Station; 17 grandchildren; 12 great-grandchildren; and many nieces and nephews.
That's because a few frank Republicans quietly -- oh, so quietly -- concede that Ohio voters may well reject Issue 2 (Senate Bill 5) next month.
But we fail to listen to Clarke at our peril. Recall that he was the White House Cassandra who fruitlessly warned in the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations about the danger posed by al-Qaida.
Ensuring that your child gets good nutrition and proper sleep sets a solid foundation to be successful in school, and establishing a routine should make the parent's job easier.
Or, perhaps, the suicides are like those that have been happening all along, but these are attracting media attention because of the new focus on the previously neglected problem of bullying-related suicide.
Militello had a record-setting game. He broke the state record for most completions (36) and tied records for most touchdown passes (5) and attempted passes (46). He finished the game with 415 yards and no interceptions. There was little consolation in those numbers.
"It's been a long, hard fight," Palmer Spurlin, 78, who served in Korea, tells me. "I think I'll use the cemetery first."
"I like to think the heavy police presence has something to do with it," Calwell said.
A: I've been lucky. It's happened to me very, very rarely. You know, there's been moments here and there, but I've been very lucky. I've always enjoyed working with the people I've worked with, generally speaking -- 99percent of the time.
Steltz was also sentenced to 10 years of post-prison supervision, and will be a lifelong registered sex offender.
No report, Knapp says, because they scratched the trip.
It took months of work for Sten to get the cooperation of all the varied players, a process that continues to this day. Some object to the notion of reducing a homeowners mortgage on moral grounds.
Other economic reports showed:
"He's really a very kind man," Fluke told the Associated Press of Obama. "He just called to express concern for me and to make sure I was OK and to say that he supported me."
"The point is to see how dirty they can get," said Tim Eager, the camp's assistant director. "They get filthy. Oh, filthy, filthy. Just head to toe in mud."
"We played neck and neck all weekend, but we couldn't get the one big hit we needed today to win this game and win the series," Dunn said. "That's frustrating, because we had so many opportunities, but Porcello was really good."
MTV announced nominees Monday in 12 categories, including six new ones such as "best on-screen dirtbag" and "best gut-wrenching performance." Also new this year: Nominees were selected by a panel of actors, producers, agents and industry tastemakers instead of via online vote from the public.
Grandma Marie Barrett
Roberson was arraigned on charges of tampering with evidence and obstructing justice.
"Designing to me is a way to escape the misery," a teary Fierro says, referring to his troubled past in Central America.
(05-10) 14:18 PDT Little Rock, Ark. (AP) --
Demos will distribute the ball to several talented playmakers.
Old deadline: 2006
"In assessing player discipline, I focused on players who were in leadership positions at the Saints; contributed a particularly large sum of money toward the program; specifically contributed to a bounty on an opposing player; demonstrated a clear intent to participate in a program that potentially injured opposing players; sought rewards for doing so; and/or obstructed the 2010 investigation," Goodell said in a statement included in Wednesday's report.
The Spartans lose Green, Brandon Wood and Austin Thornton, but they should have enough offensive talent to make up for it. Incoming shooting guard Gary Harris could be an immediate starter. Keith Appling, Derrick Nix, Adreian Payne and Travis Trice all have offensive skills, and the other incoming freshmen (Matt Costello, Kenny Kaminski, Denzel Valentine) could help as well.
The fixed-price menu is also exceptional. On my visit, it started with beets arranged over fresh goat cheese, black olive crumble, hazelnuts and chickweed, all on a black slate tile. That was followed by salt-cured foie gras with seaweed brioche. The highlight was tender slices of abalone cooked on a plancha and tossed with wheat berries, sea beans and walnuts.
Since the beginning of the New Year, Olver has been the Monsters best player and bumped his goal total up to 21, just one behind the rookie lead, before the call up.
When: 2 p.m. Sunday, April 22.
7 p.m. on Fox
The state Supreme Court also declined to comment because judicial disciplinary cases could come before it.
Something like the Inland Division, which used to be Division 2 and has schools in northeast Los Angeles County and the near Inland Empire.
When the children were born, the heaviest of them weighed 2 pounds, 15 ounces. Hankins said the babies should weigh 4 to 5 pounds by the time they can go home. Doctors are hopeful that will be in about two months.
Jeff Kitchen
Fitch, who was chosen over nearly 100 candidates for the coaching post, also will be director of player personnel of the new team.
That effort began this morning, with an attempt to collect contract information from the Abbott districts, which together collect more than half the $7.3 billion in school aid the state distributed this year.
The county got the resort debt-free but didn't have any operating capital, said Fred Warner, chairman of the Baker County Board of Commissioners. The public jumped behind the effort to keep the resort going by buying what may have been a record number of season tickets.
The top three identified needs were promotion of a healthy lifestyle, access to primary care and prevention education, and public safety.
"We're going to put the aircraft where we have the demand, so customers will see more 800s in Baltimore this year," Jordan said. "People will notice. It looks like a completely different aircraft."
Despite those gains, the company's bigger cars and SUVs struggled. Sales of the once-popular Chrysler 300 sedan fell 40 percent. A hit a year ago, the Dodge Challenger muscle car fell 69 percent.
Capt. Steve Schmittle said, "We got a lot of smiles and thumbs up today from people in the area of West 17th and Long, which has been riddled with crime for many years. This is the first step in cleaning up that neighborhood."
Mr. Currie's conduct, and the parade of public officials who have been speaking up on his behalf, casts a pall on the entire state government. The first order of business when the Senate returns to Annapolis in January should be his removal from the General Assembly. There should be an explicit public record of which members of the Senate consider his behavior unacceptable.
At 90, Pope works as a handyman and takes several jobs a week. It helps keep him healthy, he said.
That blending of the old (but certainly not outmoded) with the new typifies what is happening at Lambert. Under the direction of airport leader Rhonda Hamm-Niebruegge, Lambert has
He no longer beats his man off the dribble, and therefore, he has been reduced to a pull-up jump shooter, usually with a man in his face. So far, that has not been a high-percentage play: Roy is shooting 39.8 percent from the field, well below his 46.7 percent career average, and the second lowest among the Blazers' rotation players (Rudy Fernandez, 35.1 percent).
The plan negotiated last winter by the governor, key lawmakers, the Minneapolis mayor and the team would have the Vikings cover about $427 million of the construction costs. The state would pay $398 million, with the money coming from an expansion of gambling. The city of Minneapolis would kick in $150 million by redirecting an existing hospitality tax.
There he was in the outfield in the top of the fourth, seemingly losing sight of Justin Upton's home run as it flew over the center-field fence. There he was in the bottom of the inning, sliding home and (maybe?) slapping the ball loose from catcher Miguel Montero's loose grasp.
Although the booster clubs rely heavily on bingo, they offer other forms of entertainment as well. Foran says that the South High Boosters annual reverse raffle is already sold out, though he notes that the organization's June golf outing at Lost Nation Golf Course still has spaces available.
The embattled president of California's Fish and Game Commission pushed back at his critics Tuesday, telling them he did nothing wrong by killing a mountain lion on a big game hunt in Idaho. And he vowed not to resign.
She sneaks or hoards food. You might find discarded wrappers in her room or notice she's ashamed of what she's eaten.
Josh Skenes, executive chef/owner of San Francisco's Saison, spent much of last year overseeing the restaurant's renovation, and he and the staff are settling in. "We're now cooking by these very esoteric principles," he says. "We have this 'purity principle' with food now that's involved in this whole little 'Saison ecosystem' of ours."
Ultimately, 195 Raptors were built.
You can imagine our surprise when we discovered that we were charged the fee, anyway. We found out about it only at the last minute, as we tried to catch our flight home. We didn't have time to argue.
But Kaptur and Clinton did not always see eye to eye. She was a vocal opponent of the Clinton-signed North American Free Trade Agreement. She and other critics say NAFTA has killed jobs and lowered wages in the United States.
S David Bruton
Shortly afterward, Obama chastised Republicans for their "sanctimony" in claiming that only they had the mettle to make tough choices in a tight budget year. And he called for "responsible budgeting."
Sacked-Yards lost 1-7 2-15
"We decided to move forward with the trade," Bears general manager Phil Emery said in a statement. "We have high expectations for Brandon as a Bear."
Organizers of the Allen Iverson Superstar Challenge apparently felt that with the recent labor developments, it was best to push the event back to Jan. 6-7.
Getting by New Jersey in the second round seemingly was a given, especially after the No. 6 seed Devils needed seven games , and two overtimes in the last contest , to knock off Florida of all teams.
But Ready, a 37-year-old ex-Marine, is different. He and his friends are outfitted with military fatigues, body armor and gas masks, and carry assault rifles. Ready takes offense at the term "neo-Nazi," but admits he identifies with the National Socialist Movement.
In the 2010 survey, 72 percent of respondents said they "very much" find the annual holiday lighting an amenity for their businesses. The 2009 report found just 38 percent gave the lighting that same rating.
Cadonau family is a major supporter of The ALS Association, becoming involved after dairy co-owner Randy Cadonau was diagnosed with ALS in 2009 and died in April.
Meijer
"Where will he go in the draft?" Condon said. "We don't want him sitting around (on draft night)."
Overnight riverboat cruises lost steam during the recession. The Majestic America Line folded in 2008, taking with it the American Queen, Delta Queen and Mississippi Queen. A month later, River Barge Excursions went under. For three years, only small stern-wheelers on daytime excursions plied the Mississippi.
For example, consumers are often surprised to find that no scientifically sound, comprehensive study has conclusively found that cell phones cause cancer. Nor do power lines, diet soft drinks, copper pennies or fluorescent lights, for that matter. Even if earlier studies suggested possible, indirect links, they were either too limited to be conclusive or have since been contradicted, Ramsey said.
"This is a decision we came to with great pain," said Mark Bernstein, the managing director of the Rep. "We love that program, and so does our board. But box office is not covering the cost. We sincerely hope to come back to it.
For example, in the immediate aftermath of the recession, the Lindbergh and Ladue districts were the only two in St. Louis County that - because of the particularities of state statutes - were left with no flexibility in adjusting property tax rates on their own. Voters in Lindbergh have since freed the district from those restraints, following up with approval of a 65-cent increase in the operating levy. But even so, the district has seen an $18 million revenue drop since 2008.
The decathlon and heptathlon wrap up Friday, when the rest of the Oregon Relays swing into action. Competition begins at 10 a.m. Friday, with the featured events starting at 4 p.m.
In 2007, a lack of money forced commissioners to scrap their plans and shutter except the garage, paying all the while for maintenance and utilities. Last year, the county spent $1.4 million, offset by $847,000 in parking profits, according to county records.
5. Elegy for Eddie, by Jacqueline Winspear, $25.99
Why? Because story counts don't mean anything. The job is to cover the news -- what's happening, who's lying, who's telling the truth -- not to try to write the same number of words about each.
It's safe to say they don't believe that. Rivera can do no wrong in their eyes. And if he can't pitch this year, he plans to be a unifying force, a father figure, a clubhouse mascot, a deity on crutches giving the team something to rally around.
"Don't tell Mom," I began, "but I thought someone in my immediate family should know that I'm headed to an island in the Atlantic where they speak a language that I don't. And I'm going alone. Repeat: Don't tell Mom."
Two bystanders later described by prosecutors as the "unbiased witnesses" - co-workers Michael Connolly and Phillip Kohler - tell police they saw what happened. Koschman is taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital.
Just note the quotation marks around that word.
1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
Besides business groups' opposition, others factors came into play: There isn't an election looming this fall, some GOP senators had never been too enthused by the severity of some of the bills and many lawmakers have simply become tired of the issue.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. seized Central Bank of Georgia, based in Ellaville.
Carlos Boozer had 18 points and 10 rebounds for the Bulls and Richard Hamilton scored 17 points.
With lawmakers of both major parties increasingly critical of President Obama over his move to involve the U.S. military in Libya, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Sen. Barbara Boxer stood behind the president Wednesday, saying his decision was necessary to prevent a humanitarian crisis.
Binetti said the agency had not been "made aware" of any "unauthorized or inappropriate" search of the database by county police or the Maryland state prosecutor, and therefore had not begun an investigation.
Sandusky-based amusement park operator Cedar Fair Entertainment Co. said Thursday that it completed a $50 million deal to sell 87 acres of land outside of a park it owns in suburban Toronto to a group that plans to build a hospital there.
Child support
The new Cabinet features conservative technocrats and professionals, including journalists and judges.
Last month, Obama announced a $447 billion jobs plan that included new spending on infrastructure, education and aid to state and local governments paid for in part by tax increases on the wealthy. His plan includes $50 billion to immediately put Americans to work building roads, bridges, airport runways and other projects. But efforts to pass the full measure were blocked by Senate Republicans, who see the president's proposal as a second economic stimulus.
Most economists expected the combination of weaker inventory growth and tepid consumer spending to lead to slower growth in the current January-March quarter. Many are predicting 2 percent annualized growth this quarter.
Prospective employees who do not have protected or secure social networking accounts are not protected under HB3782, Illinois' legislation.
President Barack Obama is expressing deep appreciation for what he calls Indiana Republican Richard Lugar's distinguished service in the Senate.
Light, sweet crude fell 65 cents to $45.06 a barrel in electronic premarket trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Anthony is a high school dropout who, before her arrest, had limited work experience. Her last job was in 2006 as a vendor at Universal Studios theme park. While she once professed an interest in photography, and even found some work in the field, it's not known whether she has skills that could translate into a career.
Andy Meyers, Valor Christian 39-39-78
"He wants to be out (of jail) to be able to help with his defense, but overall he is doing ok," O'Mara told NBC.
John and Cathy Randazzo
will take a 6.5 mile hike at Dresser Island, located near West Alton in St. Charles County. Participants will see pelicans, ducks, geese, eagles, muskrat houses and possibly trumpeter swans. Reservations are required. For more information, call 636-441-4554.
The government said turnout after polls closed was 67.5 percent, 6.5 percent lower than in the last such elections.
CANBY -- At least 40 Canby residents crowded into the city's council chambers Wednesday, lobbing questions at elected officials about what they knew and when they knew it regarding an ongoing FBI inquiry into the city's police chief and his alleged cover-up of an officer's steroid abuse.
Holiday entertaining, like decorations and the hot toys of the year, changes with each season.
On the West Coast, Creative Cause heads a field of 10 in the $750,000 Santa Anita Derby while fringe Kentucky Derby contenders will try to bolster their credentials in the $500,000 Illinois Derby at Hawthorne.
No, they won't. And they won't be expected to. They probably will be quite the opposite: a lot of shrugging of the shoulders, a lot of dry humor, a lot fewer f-bombs.
"I like it here," said Acta. "I like the players I have. I don't want to be bouncing all over the place."
Lustig was not optimistic that opening the box was going to yield anything of value. He was fresh from a trip to Toledo to open a box for a client and found nothing of commercial or sentimental value, a scenario he said he encounters about nine out 10 times.
WASHINGTON -- "That wasn't me," President Barack Obama said on his 100th day in office, disclaiming responsibility for the huge budget deficit waiting for him on Day One.
"I'm happy I did what I did with what I had," Voinovich said in a telephone interview after conceding to Dolan, who quickly shifted his focus to his November showdown with FitzGerald.
Additional information will follow. Anyone with information as to the whereabouts of Hatchell or his children is asked to call 9-1-1.
"Some people kind of panicked and bought vehicles that were more fuel efficient," Bruce Belzowski, a research scientist at the University of Michigan's Transportation Research Institute, said. He added that both Toyota and Honda built their reputations in the United States on fuel economy, dating back to the oil crunches of the 1970s, so they reaped the biggest rewards from the sudden shift in the market.
* Soul of the Season, sponsored by the Millville Development Corporation, on Saturday, Dec. 10, 6 to 9 p.m., along High Street, from Main to Broad streets.
Kitchen comfort. The Kitchen's much-anticipated entry into the Denver dining market will take place beginning with lunch March 20. The popular Boulder spot has been dishing out lunch, dinner and brunch since 2002.
So, how do you want to do it? Want to finalize your divorce? Want to mark the end of that toxic relationship? Or the beginning of a healthy new one? Want to slap down the status quo of fear and fat? Want to invite in new possibility, prevent descent into numb ignorance and diet soda and Fox News?
North Olmsted Library, 27403 Lorain Road, North Olmsted. A video lecture by the late Vernon Howard will be shown 7 p.m. Free. Sponsored by the nonprofit Eagle Literary Foundation. (440) 242-7044.
Schwartz, a 6-5, 318-pounder, was a first-team All-Pac-12 selection last fall. He is Cal's first offensive lineman to be drafted since new teammate Mack went in the first round in 2009.
The Obama administration has rolled out numerous attempts to tackle the foreclosure crisis but has made only a small dent in the problem. More than 40 percent, or about 530,000 homeowners, have fallen out of the administration's main effort to assist those facing foreclosure.
-- Two more possessions for New York are converted for easy baskets. Portland can't find the basket ... and to make matters worse they commit two offensive fouls for turnovers in three trips down the court. LaMarcus picks up his fourth foul on a borderline call ... things not going Portland's way, but the officials come with the makeup call on the next Knicks possession. New York leads Portland 75-66 at the end of the third quarter.
I didn't know anything about meditation, and I thought it was a waste of time. Then I heard a phrase that true happiness is not out there, true happiness lies within. And I started thinking about that, and it had a ring of truth. It hit me that maybe meditation was the way to go within.
The Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia recently won a $36,000 grant to study the genetic basis of trimethylaminuria, otherwise known as the disorder that causes sufferers to smell like dead fish. The first case reported in medical literature was in the 1970s, but according to a Science News report, "an ancient Hindu tale describes a maiden who 'grew to be comely and fair, but a fishy odor ever clung to her.'"
The lottery-based free school was the only Michigan school to land in the nation's top 200. Black River Public High School in Holland was the second-highest rated Michigan school and ranked No. 261 overall, followed by Grosse Pointe South High School at No. 3 for the state and No. 391 nationally.
The 21-year-old Hawaiian leapfrogged High-A because he is one of the most refined prospects in the system. And, as a second baseman he has an unusual spot on the depth chart. The Cards have been a carousel at secon since 2002, and he is the only prospect in the system without an established player ahead of him (at any higher level in the minors) at his position. But advancement is not earned on stats alone.
In the Northwest, their share is at least double that: Server farms consumed on average around 600 megawatts of electricity in 2008, about 3 percent of the region's entire energy use, a Northwest Power and Conservation Council study shows.
"You want to battle and you want to compete and that's one aspect that can happen," Marleau said. "But we need to win games. We like all that stuff, but we still have to focus on the end goal of winning games."
When Petrino crashed his motorcycle on April 1, he chose not to tell school officials that his bike carried a passenger. Or that he was having an affair with her. School officials knew her -- as the person Petrino had just hired to a $55,000 a year job in the athletic department after a quicker-than-normal interview process. Imagine.
Aeros 8, Baysox 3 Akron pounded host Bowie (Md.) for 13 hits.
Monday's apportionment board hearing featured testimony from Ray DiRossi and Heather Mann, the GOP staffers who created the legislative maps.
"A New Turn in the South: Southern Flavors Reinvented for Your Kitchen" by Hugh Acheson
The projects in the plan don't have funding yet, but the adoption allows the city planning department to change zoning codes and update other city visioning plans.
Always look at a hardscaping company's history before you hire. Portfolios are fine, but are meant to show the best work. Ask for examples of existing hardscaping projects the company's done in your area, so you can look at it in person. If you can, it's great to see a project done some years ago so you can see how well the work held up.
Costco has been using the term "treasure hunt" for years to explain why up to a fifth of its stock is limited-quantity items that are in the store for as little as a week. Sometimes it's seasonal merchandise, such as margarita machines in summer. Often it's surprisingly trendy -- such as bargain-priced Hunter rain boots, sold almost exclusively in the U.S. by Nordstrom.
Date of birth: 10/14/1947.
Saturday, March 24; 1:05; Nationals, Sarasota
How long the latest bump will last is anybody's guess.
"If you're going to freeze berries, don't wash them before freezing," says Gayle Willems, a blueberry farmer in Kingsburg, Calif. Blueberries will keep in the freezer for up to a year, but the quality will be best if you eat them within a few months.
The limited access makes it difficult to know how many lawmakers are in other pension funds, their years of service, pay history and contributions made on their behalf by taxpayers.
In fact, some of Chicago largest law firms promote competition among their partners, and only the biggest revenue producers survive. But at Sidley, a partner's success and compensation depends, in part, in helping others succeed.
It doesn't appear the Indians made an offer.
March 2008: Facebook hires Sheryl Sandberg as chief operating officer.
Yet DePersio, who was just 25 when he opened this restaurant, has proven in five years that Fascino is more than a mere passing fancy, and clamoring guests still must book well in advance for tough-to-get weekend reservations. This clearly is a crowd that knows what we've discovered -- that dinner at Fascino is an undeniable luxury, with not a penny squandered.
The fifth-most-prescribed pain medication in the world, "oxy," or "OC," is a favorite of addicts, who crush and snort it or dilute it with water and inject it for a heroin-like rush.
When Max finished his monologue in drama class at school that day, there was silence, still and heavy, and then clapping. One girl was crying. And as Max came down off the stage, he was caught up in hug after hug.
Waves lapped at a shoreline that rose toward office towers gleaming in the sunshine. A brisk wind snapped the flags heralding the nearby Coast Guard Station. A sailboat coasted toward the breakwall and the big blue lake beyond.
Florida's education system is regularly made the butt of academic jokes across the nation. It's no secret that education in Florida is lacking considerably in comparison to the rest of the country. Standardized test scores are notoriously low for Florida and abysmal in rankings among the other 50 states.
The Metro Council has awarded nearly $70,000 in grants for community projects located in North and Northwest Portland.
The suspects had not even fled a mile east of the shooting to Higley Road before police were in pursuit.
Right now, though, Long isn't looking quite that far ahead.
Last week vs. spread: 7-6-1 (.536)
Purdy and Impact midfielder Justin Mapp collided in the Timber's half of the field in the 11th minute when the two went up in the air for a ball.
Schroder, who has been married for 35 years and has four children, said many of the issues he'll deal with as a corporate chaplain are the same he faced from the pulpit. If his own training in marital and crisis counseling isn't enough, he engages a network of other trained professionals.
Today, Iraq is the Arab country that comes closest to being a democracy, albeit an imperfect and messy one. That in itself is an achievement enough.
On Monday, the extended Sabuco family gathered at the hospital to help celebrate the girls' recovery. The twins' father, Fidel Sabuco, a U.S. citizen who emigrated from the Philippines years before the children were born, couldn't attend the news conference. He took enough time off his job as a technician at a medical supply company in the weeks surrounding the surgery.
Tabak said the federal indictments helped police reduce the number of so-called black-on-black homicides in the southeastern part of the city -- killings that typically involve rival gang members. He said black-on-black violence diminished last year, even as the overall homicide rate reached a 10-year high.
"Generally speaking, we cannot approve felony charges unless we are confident that we can sustain our burden of proof," Daly said in a written response to Tribune questions. "Factors that may prevent us from meeting our burden of proof and prevent us from approving felony charges include cases where there is little or no corroboration to the accounts of the complaining witness or inconsistencies in the accounts provided by the complaining witness."
Want to sell stuff on Craigslist, but the idea of a blind meet-up gives you the heebie jeebies? Los Angeles-based HipSwap has the solution.
What a fabulous way to make a statement this year - go out and win the Pac-12 tournament. That, to me, announced to the rest of the nation Colorado's arrival in that conference more than anything. This has been an interesting time in college athletics. Pac-12 is won by a former Big 12 team, the Big 12 is won by a soon-to-be SEC team. The Big East is won by two teams rumored to be going to the Big 12.
Good step: Cleveland delivered an order outside the West Side Market.
The spill changed that. Fisherman were paid to lay out protective booms to try to corral the oil. Contractors were hired to manage the cleanup and provide security. Claims money began flowing to people who said their lives had been upended by the crisis.
Tweens and younger: Keep it lighthearted
Stroll down any street in Charleston and you'll spot metal plaques marking the historic homes. Many are private residences. A narrow side of each home faces the street, and roofed and sometimes screened porches (called piazzas) built to catch the breeze run the length of the west side of each building.
Since he's been on the board, he said, he's abstained on any votes regarding Glenn.
Co-chaired by Betty Barnes and Mary Chigos, the festive event will start with a cocktail reception at 6 p.m., followed by dinner, dancing to big band music by Black Tie Jazz Orchestra, and a live auction from 7 to 11 p.m. Period costume or black tie welcome.
Romney spiced his remarks to the U.S.-Cuba Democracy PAC with inflammatory language toward the communist regime in Cuba. Romney said that, if he becomes president, "it is my expectation that Fidel Castro will finally be taken off this planet."
Those fans laughing along with him hope Luck can lead a renaissance. They said they would be patient, too.
"I take this (news) job seriously and try to do the best job I can - get there early and watch plenty of Ron Burgundy tapes to study anchoring ideas - but I don't anticipate a permanent move,'' said Cusumano, who has won 13 Emmy awards in sports.
The signing further clouds whether the Giants will give defensive end Osi Umenyiora a new contract. He said general manager Jerry Reese promised to rework his contract after the 2010 season and that still has not been done. Umenyiora, who is now in the final year of a deal that will pay him $3.975 million this season, refused to speculate on how the Kiwanuka deal will affect his contract situation.
Daily: 098 Big 4: 3961
The new No. 3 hitter will be Holliday and while the latter sees good things from the former, Freese sees potentially monster accomplishments from Holliday.
The bank's massive portfolio of credit-card loans could help investors determine where the economy is headed and how well the industry at large will fare, said Doug Dannemiller, senior analyst at Boston-based research firm Aite Group.
Improving the quality of office space is essential if downtown hopes to keep high-quality employers, said Maggie Campbell, president of the Partnership for Downtown St. Louis. Sometimes that requires subsidies and leads companies to move. The trick is helping to find tenants to fill in the buildings that get left behind.
Pearce has been justice of the peace since 1997. Associate Presiding Judge Clancy Jayne will take over presiding judge duties, according to Maricopa County Justice Courts.
Heavy rotation on powerhouse rock 'n' roll hitmaker WMMS also helped.
The county will solicit requests for qualifications and will review submissions to determine who is qualified to submit bids for up to $40 million in architectural work.
There is a kind of truth that is spoken through art that is meaningful, valid, and important and of course different from journalism or documentation. Journalists tell stories too, always from a perspective with filters and angles that form and define them. It is so important that we understand that the truth in journalism is always colored with lies and that the fictions in art are always woven with truths.
Crackers, for serving
Eastbound traffic on Ohio 14 sees no marker introducing Cleveland Road off to the right, according to Road Rant lookout Donna Abramczyk. The Broadview Heights woman nearly zipped past her turn given the lack of visible information. (She "took a chance and went that way" on a hunch given directions that included a slight right and a "Ravenna" sign pointing that way.)
The Penobscot is actually three interconnected buildings sharing the same name.
It's a new strategy - blending University Circle Inc.'s desire to drive growth in Cleveland with its goal of bringing in more money from real estate and fees.
The city and transit authority are counting on the visibility of the park-and-ride lot and the regularity of service to attract new transit riders from Rosemount.
Google's Senior Vice President Sundar Pichai said the company has set up a center in Taipei to try to bring more manufacturing partners onboard, but declined to give specifics on his expectations for Chromebook's market share.
The Terps were undone partly by shooting just 60 percent (15-25) on free throws. Maryland shot just 33.3 percent from the field in the second half, when it made two of 11 3-point attempts.
As Sarah solves the mystery of Wind's past and learns what her grandmother suffered during Hitler's reign, she also becomes an unlikely hero at a9/11hearing, of all places. It's at this point that Rosenbaum's narrative may strain credulity for readers expecting a story more grounded in realism. But realism and fantasy have always merged in Rosenbaum's work, especially in his 2003 novel "The Golems of Gotham," and the same is true here.
It didn't get much prettier on the mound for either team. Colin Balester relived Scherzer and did a credible job, allowing one run in 2 2/3 innings. But Daniel Schlereth followed him and gave up a two-run homer on his first pitch of the game to Adrian Gonzalez in the sixth as Boston went up, 9-7.
When it closes, the revival will have played just over 500 performances since it opened at the Al Hirschfeld Theatre in February 2011. It quickly recouped its $9 million initial investment that December, thanks to its then-star Daniel Radcliffe.
The Wolves scored first, forward Nathan Longpre picking up his first goal of the season at 9:38 of the second period. Darren Haydar and Tim Miller assisted.
The sacrifice of Isaac has inspired innumerable artistic and literary renderings down through the ages. The sublime terror of the story can't help but captivate us. We're relieved when Isaac lives to walk down the mountain. But something still haunts us. So we keep telling the story.
Paulsen said in an interview that he favors effectiveness tests before allowing devices on the market.
WASHINGTON -- The Senate passed an $18 billion bill on Thursday to restore unemployment benefits for people who have been out of a job for months and resume Medicare payments to doctors about to absorb a 21 percent cut.
Small initially vaccinated every animal that entered the shelter and taught the staff to remain sterile when moving from room to room. Euthanasia rates dropped drastically. Impressed with the turnaround, city officials carved out a medical budget for the shelter that's still in effect today, supporting two part-time vets.
In 2010, Carlos Slim, the Mexican billionaire, paid $44 million for a townhouse on the corner of East 82nd Street.
But that brake comes off in January, and state forecasters say a wave of new inmates convicted for property crimes will hit the state system. The forecasters expect 1,000 more inmates by 2014, a population equivalent to one medium-size state prison. For taxpayers, that could mean an additional $30 million a year in costs, currently averaging $30,000 per inmate.
Rivera's declaration seemed to lift the mood in the Yankee clubhouse, which was historically bleak Thursday night. Friday, the music was back on. Russell Martin and Boone Logan dueled in chess (Logan won). When doom-and-gloom Rivera news came on the television, Alex Rodriguez got up to change the channel.
Moral Origins, by Christopher Boehm. Do we learn about virtue and shame from one another, or is it innate? An anthropologist muses.
Denver is providing $350,000 in incentives from its job development fund, while Broomfield is offering $500,000, SCL officials said. The state's contribution is $937,000, and the funds are paid to SLC as jobs are created. Salaries must be at or above the county average to win the cash incentives, state officials said.
Allen was projected to go much earlier in the draft -- he said he was hoping to be taken in the late second or early third rounds -- but he thinks his slide was because he played the "spur" position in college and teams weren't sure where he would fit in.
Which leads us back to where we began with Spider-Man.
Mr. Clark died after suffering a heart attack following an outpatient procedure at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, according to a statement by his longtime publicist, Paul Shefrin. Mr. Clark's health had been in question since a 2004 stroke affected his speech and mobility, but that year's Dec. 31 countdown was the only one he missed since he started the annual rite during the Nixon years.
Though testimony before Congress recently saw changes in craigslist policy, it doesn't look as if the government plans to step into the debate any time soon.
According to the U.S. Geological Survey, the powerful quake was centered 20 miles beneath the ocean floor around 308 miles from the capital of the Aceh province of the Indonesian island of Sumatra.
"Certainly as it applies to bounty, if you want to put that in the context of targeting opposing players, that's zero tolerance."
Day Camp owner Audra Capps and her son fell through the ice and into the frozen waters in an attempt to save their dog, which had done the same.
The game's far from perfect; technically it's still in beta, and it's prone to frequent crashing. Spending real money in the game can get ungodly expensive - 1,000 platinum, which won't buy you much at the game's upper levels, costs $99.90.
Real estate is a depreciating asset. The longer you own a building, the more it costs you. The roof needs to be replaced; lighting and energy systems need to be upgraded, etc.
Judge: The justices will hear arguments and then there's a conference where they'll get a sense of what everyone's thinking....
Parisio was being held in the Union County jail tonight in lieu of $400,000 bail
A report was ultimately filed by the engineering firm.
The fact that the event drew 280 people last year is a testament to the participating restaurants' preparation and ingenuity.
1544 Fenton Hills Rd, $350,000
As university archivist, Douglas worked to acquire more than 8,000 photos of the Santa Clara Valley from 1913 to the 1950s from the heirs of commercial photographer John C. Gordon.
When Holmes and Adler get together, she greets him in the nude -- an attempt to rattle him -- and soon it becomes clear that this strong, sexy and very smart woman wants to engage the great detective in a spirited (and flirtatious) battle of wits. When Cumberbatch and Pulver are on the screen together, electricity happens.
Still, Vaglica said he prefers the traditional variety.
Her son hasn't flown since then, but travel restrictions have caused hiccups in other family plans. At Niagara Falls this summer, they had to skip the Canadian side because they couldn't get the required passport cards in time for the trip. It seemed silly to Xavier's parents, who had visited as youngsters without needed extra documentation.
A union spokesman said Monday the group has attacked Christie's policies but not him personally.
"That was high drama," NASA associate administrator Doug Cooke said of the countdown's stops and starts.
Sales and marketing expenses consumed nearly half of Mentor's revenue in recent years, making profits nearly impossible. As revenues climbed last year, expenses began to shrink as a share of revenue, and the company announced plans to monitor and cut expenses.
But on Feb. 26 the Blues traded Bishop, who they were going to lose as a free agent at the end of the season. Then Jaroslav Halak got hurt in Game 2 of their recent playoff series with the San Jose Sharks.
Comcast employee Michael C. Hagen this morning pleaded not guilty to a six-count indictment stemming from the July 8 robbery and assault at a check-cashing store in Southeast Portland, and two attempted thefts at another Portland check-cashing store days earlier.
Daniel Bryan, Wade Barrett and Cody Rhodes have a chance to steal the show here, leaving Big Show and The Great Khali to hit their big spots, but have no chance of being in the mix for the title.
All those "English-only" efforts? You'll notice the business world is silent on that front.
Manchester recently installed a solar photovoltaic array on the city's public works garage roof, and Ballwin is putting a solar array on the roof of the city government center, said Welegala, who worked as consultant with both cities.
"Today, we can say that the rank and file of the Portland Police Bureau have lost faith in their leaders," Turner said. The last firing stemming from a Portland police shooting was for Lt. Jeffrey Kaer's "poor judgment and decision-making" leading up to his Jan. 4, 2006 fatal shooting of Dennis L. Young, but it was overturned by an arbitrator and Kaer returned to work.
Jim is married to band-camp tart Michelle (Alyson Hannigan) and they have a toddler. Oz is a cable TV sportscaster who never made it to ESPN, with a hot young model girlfriend (Katrina Bowden) who is entirely too wild for his mild-mannered ways.
Also, CSU can't continue to be February flops. The last two seasons the Vikings started as one of the hottest teams in the country, standing 20-4 this past season on Feb. 5, and 21-3 in 2011 on Feb. 3.
The bill cites a 2009 American Psychological Association report, which concluded this type of mental health therapy is "unlikely to be successful and involves some risk of harm," including depression, thoughts of suicide and anxiety.
The bill also will allow banks to have research analysts become involved in the IPO process by writing reports to tout companies to investors -- something that was banned following the dot-com abuses of 1999 and 2000.
Square 13 also includes heavy-hitter restaurants Boulevard and Yank Sing, both of which are as popular as ever. Boulevard opened in 1993 as the showcase vehicle for chef Nancy Oakes, who serves up American-French cuisine in a Belle Epoque setting designed by Pat Kuleto. And Yank Sing remains the gold standard for dim sum in San Francisco (for more, go to sfg.ly/ttLgHE).
Activist Jane Kleeb, who as founder of Bold Nebraska led protests in the state, suggested that environmentalists would show their appreciation to the president as he gears up his campaign.
Charlie Denson, president of the Nike Brand, told the investors group in June that China, as well as Brazil, are "extraordinary growth opportunities for the Nike Brand."
Europe's bold program to defuse its financial crisis by injecting cash into the banking system is running out of steam.
Florida last month began Year 2 under Muschamp. Spring practice featured several young players battling for starting spots and a high-profile quarterback competition between sophomores Jeff Driskel and Jacoby Brissett.
To make up for the underwhelming 'Aihualama Falls, we headed down the road to the more heavily used trail to 150-foot Manoa Falls. (The 'Aihualama trail actually connects to the Manoa Falls trail, but over a stretch more difficult than we were up to that day.) Thanks to the "Lost" production team, there's a new restroom station near the start, and if you dine beforehand at the kid-friendly (and aptly named) Treetops Restaurant buffet ($6.95 children, $11.95 adults), you can park for free in its guarded lot while you hike to the falls, passing through a bamboo forest along the way. Just be sure to go on a weekday to avoid the biggest crowds, wear insect repellent and stay on the trail.
I don't know why I'm feeling sentimental today. But I am. My mind is racing. So will this column. Blame it on the heat.
Ryan Callahan netted a second-period power-play goal for the Rangers, who snagged a 2-1 series edge.
Several other big banks are due to report earnings this week. Traders are keen to find out if banks are lending more. Upcoming reports from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. this week are "crucial for the markets," says Quincy Krosby, a market strategist for Prudential Financial.
Ron Gibbs, who does the scheduling for the massive Chesterfield Baseball/Softball Association, said the boys' coaches start getting grief from moms early in the season. Easter Sunday is protected - as is Rosh Hashanah during the fall league - but not so with the Holy Grail of love and guilt that is Mother's Day.
Best New Artist: Bon Iver
Also look for capris in bold colors and even print jeans and capris.
I am a Unitarian-Universalist. While my religion does not require conformance to a creed, the first principle of our shared beliefs is respect for the essential worth and dignity of every human being. I believe, as a matter of faith, in that greatest statement of our founding fathers, that "all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights."
Worried by the tumult, downtown advocates banded together. A committee coalesced around leadership from the Downtown Cleveland Alliance, a nonprofit group tasked with improving the center city. With several years before the major tenants would leave, the group started brainstorming solutions.
It was a balmy Wednesday evening in spring 1946. Myrtle Creek was (and still is) a lumber town, on the banks of the Umpqua River 20 miles south of Roseburg. I know it was Wednesday evening because the Mail published on Thursday, which meant the press run had to be the night before in order to get the paper to readers the next morning.
If your gums aren't healthy - and about a quarter of Americans have some periodontal (gum) disease - then your heart may be suffering along with your teeth.
By admitting (for some reason) he threw at Washington's Bryce Harper, Phillies' pitcher Cole Hamels not only got suspended. He's not under consideration for future work with SEAL Team 6 or in any casting of "Oceans 14." ...
And the unstated consequence of the bill is that 100 percent of public hunting, fishing and recreational access on 23 million acres of federal lands in Colorado would be eliminated.
The two actors were at the bottom of the leaderboard coming into the episode after judges scores and viewer votes were tallied. White and Fegan faced off with a simultaneous rumba, and the judges deemed Fegan the winner.
The U.S. Department of Education, which launched the national competition to honor the highest performing green schools in the nation, will formally announce the national winners in a ceremony on April 23, 2012 in Washington, D.C. New Jersey is one of thirty-four states participating in the national Green Ribbon Schools Program.
Berth 5
Gregory F. Treverton, a former vice chairman of the National Intelligence Council, directs the Rand Corp.'s Center for Global Risk and Security and is the author of "Intelligence for an Age of Terror." He wrote this for the Los Angeles Times. (McClatchy-Tribune)
Appointed by the mayor to her first three-year term in 1960, Homan was a charter commission member, along with Armand Lacey and Jack Byrne, both deceased. The commission had three members at the outset, five today.
Rosenstein said it would be a stretch to use the act to get around regulations sheltering veteran workers from layoffs. "It would seem to us to be a gross abuse of power to try to avoid reasonable time-honored law and procedure which was designed to protect the public from patronage," she said.
"They were going to (protest) anyway," said Dunnigan, who said students were given an excused absence for the half-day schedule.
"We're glad we have the revenue from the wealthy, and we want to encourage these people to stay and prosper," said Robert L. Megna, budget director for New York state. "But we have to recognize that because you have them, you'll have this big volatility."
Passengers enter the castle through the dungeon, appropriately but disorientingly dark after being in the bright sunshine. To the immediate right are storage lockers. The queue begins to the left. If the single-rider line is available, there will be a wool-vested team member to guide you, but be aware. With this shortcut, you miss about 90 percent of the Hogwarts queue experience.
Weaver was nearly as impressive as Phil Humber of the Chicago White Sox, who threw a perfect game at Seattle on April 21.
Domestic sparkling wines also benefit from grapes grown in cooler climes like Mendocino County, Anderson Valley, Carneros and cool coastal areas in Santa Barbara and Arroyo Grande. Dave Hickey, sparkling winemaker and production manager for Laetitia Vineyard & Winery in Arroyo Grande, says, "We have the largest contiguous estate planting of Pinot Noir in California. We've planted on rolling hills within sight of the Pacific Ocean in soil that mimics that of Champagne."
ODOT also replaced a missing 35 mph sign for northbound traffic where the speed limit changes at Main (Ohio 44) and Woodford Street. Road Rant pointed out the pace problem last month.
Middlesex County GOP Chairman Joseph P. Leo said he is expecting about 250 Republican committee people to attend this morning's session, to be held at the Forge Inn in Woodbridge, beginning at 9.
The intruders announced a robbery and a struggle followed.
There is Ilya Sheyman, at 25 just old enough to serve in Congress. He's a community organizer and is allied with the strongly liberal wing of the Democratic Party. He was national mobilization director for the liberal advocacy group MoveOn.org, and he received a $10,000 donation from Democracy for America, the PAC founded by Howard Dean, the lefty former governor of Vermont.
Special features listed exclusively on blu-ray include commentary by director Garry Marshall, a Jewel music video and a blooper reel.
Instead, the remnants of the A Team convened at an anonymous "dive bar" on State Road in Cleveland, he said.
HabiCat is a wooden shelving unit for cats. Unlike cat towers, which take up floor space, HabiCat can be mounted on the wall. It retails for $250.
The conversation then came around to the circus and Bruce said how he had seen the Clyde-Beatty Cole Circus in Freehold (near the racetrack) when he was a child.
Many of the same commissioners also questioned the fate of art in a museum owned by the financially struggling City of Detroit that would, in part, become funded by Macomb County taxpayers.
But that's not the only fraud Keaton is accused of carrying out. Early this year, a Marion County grand jury handed up an indictment accusing him of voting in Oregon's 2008 primary and general elections under the name of his son, Shaman David Keaton, who died in 1997 at age 22.
The House of Representatives Republicans are investigating the loan guarantee that was provided to the failed solar energy manufacture Solyndra. As everyone knows now, Sloyndra has filed for bankruptcy. The Obama administration apparently had high hopes that the company would advance the solar energy production in this country in the face of China's advancement and rapid growth in the solar energy field.
Guitarist Ace Frehley (Kiss) is 61.
But in recent days, he said, he has found the strength to open a new canvas.
"The death ... is nothing short of an American tragedy," Lamar said. "No one should have expected that his college experience would include being pummeled to death."
On Thursday, Colaiacovo left the Blues' 1-0 shootout loss to L.A. in the second period after crashing back-first into the goal post. He was breaking up a scoring chance by Kings captain Dustin Brown, and though he was whistled for interference on the play, he likely prevented a goal. It has been called a lower-body injury by the team.
In 2006, Emmert started as assistant principal at Sherwood Middle School, where his main duties were attendance and behavior.
This dynamic played out clearly in Thursday trading, as Treasury prices climbed early on a disappointing weekly jobless-claims report, but then tumbled as 10-year yields fell ...
The hazelnut-crusted halibut ($23.95) with snap peas and garlic mashed potatoes was pleasant enough if you're looking for a mild but still meaty alternative to red meat. I could say the same for the surf-and-turf ($31.95), which featured fresh prawns and a tender filet mignon that was lacking in the exceptional tenderness and smooth flavor associated with this cut.
"We are going to help this community," he explains as a driver rushes the workers through dusk to the safety of a secure United Nations compound.
But state charter officials said they weren't sure who was in charge at the school -- the governing board or the executive director and they needed to move forward to give parents a chance to find new accommodations. There were also concerns over the school's debt.
62. Green Bay Packers: Casey Hayward, CB, Vanderbilt
Local and national groups are criticizing the way the school handled the situation, and some of the teen's local supporters are organizing a rally before the IPS Board's meeting Tuesday to raise awareness about bullying.
The Revs hit rock bottom in 2011 and will rely on midfield veterans Benny Feilhaber and Shalrie Joseph as they bid to stay competitive in 2012. Outside midfielder Kelyn Rowe had a great preseason and should be a rookie of the year candidate, but that'll be the only trophy the rebuilding Revolution contend for this season.
Authorities have said only a few lottery tickets were stolen in the robbery.
He allegedly held the employee of a Forest Park store at gunpoint, taking $200.
The two older children know that Rowe is their mother, and the agreement gives Rowe some visitation rights, with the getting-to-know-you process overseen by a child psychologist, NBC reports. Michael Jackson's youngest child, Blanket, was born to a surrogate mother who didn't know that Jackson was the father.
The Ravens know their opponents for the 2012 season, but they don't know when they'll play them. That will change tonight.
Kerrytown Concert House: Rodney Whitaker Sextet, 7 & 9 p.m. Sat. 415 N. Fourth, Ann Arbor. 734-769-2999.
Greenhaus said the economy soared by nearly 8 percent in 1983 after a steep recession, lowering the jobless rate by 2.5 percentage points that year. But the economy is unlikely to improve that fast this time, as consumers remain cautious and tight credit hinders businesses. In fact, many analysts expect economic growth to moderate early next year, as the impact of various government stimulus programs fades.
Dr. Herman Turner, who died this week, was an oral surgeon here who decided to honor the Danes who rescued that country's Jewish population from the Nazis during World War II.
The tunnel issue has become highly political between Christie, a Republican, and Lautenberg and Menendez, both Democrats.
An even though the festival has become an annual tradition for some artists, returning artists must supply new digital images along with all of the required materials.
2 (44) Jeff Allen, g, Illinois
"They are playing well and should get a good seed at the state tournament," Brunner said of his senior doubles team.
"Employers who follow all steps under the law could have an undocumented person on payroll because some workers present documents that are counterfeit," according to the statement.
In his memoir, "Dreams From My Father," Obama wrote about how his stepfather, Lolo Soetoro, introduced him in Indonesia "to dog meat (tough), snake meat (tougher), and roasted grasshopper (crunchy)."
Bateman, a historian and writer who grew up in Bainbridge Township, is a lieutenant colonel in the Army. He currently is de ployed to Afghanistan. His most recent book was "No Gun Ri: A Military History of the Korean War Incident."
Then, the Star-Ledger cited sources Tuesday night saying that Kovalchuk had a back problem.
A Republican House committee is expected to vote Wednesday on a measure that would take severance taxes from local governments that enact drilling moratoriums. The bill was proposed after local governments and the oil and gas regulators supposedly settled their differences and agreed not to push for legislation this year.
"I think going to the movies will be the No. 1 priority next weekend but clearly was not the No. 1 priority this weekend," said Paul Dergarabedian, analyst for box-office tracker Hollywood.com. "There's so much anticipation for `The Avengers' that the newcomers kind of got lost in the shuffle."
Kleinman riffs on Scotch eggs ($11), replacing the traditional ground sausage with a fine chop of burnt ends, surrounded by a sweet tea gastrique. It's a signature dish, and just about everybody orders and loves it. However, on my visit it was overcooked so the outside coating fell away when cut, leaving the egg lonely and naked.
Minnesota at Carolina, 1 p.m.
On the stand, Tabbachino, a 69-year-old Fairview resident, shifted in his seat as he answered questions from his attorney, Anthony Kress, and told jurors he wasn't squirming, but rather was in pain and is scheduled to have back surgery in two weeks.
Stephen Lewandowski, executive chef, Tribeca Grill, New York City
The Indians do not have to pay Carmona's $7 million salary as long as he is on the restricted list.
"A couple of weeks ago, it was (the Blazers) believing in me just to play," Mills said. "Now it's playing in the last quarter. Playing down the stretch ... can either help with confidence or it can break you with a lot of pressure. But I love being put out there and having that challenge."
"We typically have used Opening Day to invite the news media that cover GM to come out," corporate spokesman Alan Adler said. "We'll have a pretty nice time, I'm sure. ... It's for relationship-building ... Media relations is to know the people you work with."
He argued that such austerity would prepare departments and agencies for a lean 2013.
"It pulls at our heartstrings, " said Ortinau.
And so 25 women and their small children gathered in a big circle in a conference room. They sang "Happy Birthday" while Penny beamed, delighted. Kathleen Montgomery, the program's director, presented her with the birthday cake.
"I don't treat it as a religion," said Valerie Taylor, of Montgomery, Ohio, who tries to eat locally when she can but won't go without a salad in the winter or an avocado if she wants it. She estimated 95 percent of the meat and 70 percent of the produce she eats is local in the summer, but not in the winter.
Boyle, 52, said he came to see the show because he was a fan of The Romantics when they were popular in the 1980s. He said he hopes the concert becomes another Indianapolis 500 tradition.
The Celtics broke out of a halftime tie and outscored the Nets, 26-13 in the third quarter on the way to a comfortable 94-82 victory before a Prudential Center crowd that featured plenty of Celtics green in the seats.
Both judges were immediately placed on administrative leave with pay pending the outcome of their cases, said Jonathan Coughlan, disciplinary counsel to the Ohio Supreme Court. Neither will be allowed to serve as a judge while their cases are pending.
No raises detailed in the agreement have been implemented.
Hey, Tony: How would you compare the West Coast offense with the Sam Rutigliano offense that Brian Sipe led? I ask because over my 48 years watching the Browns, I felt that offense was incredibly dynamic and threatening. Sipe was Colt McCoy's height and didn't have a rocket arm. The receivers were terrific, but not burners. That Sipe team scored TDs. Is there any team running that offense in the NFL? -- Robert Rose, New York
The academy shared the wealth this year, doling out nominations in the major categories to movies big and small. Nominated alongside blockbusters such as "Inception," "Toy Story 3" and "True Grit" are such tiny indies as "Winter's Bone" and "Animal Kingdom" -- two films that received acclaim but had limited release.
It's easy to take the side of the cute sea otters, but let's be objective.
HomeSafe Georgia, a much-criticized housing program designed to help unemployed Georgians avoid foreclosure, has received approval from the U.S. Department of Treasury to make some changes. The result, officials say, is that HomeSafe Georgia will be able to halt foreclosures sooner in the process.
Senior statistics: 225 carries for 1,705 yards, six catches for 39 yards, 17 total touchdowns
Fred Lawrence Whipple Observatory: The observatory features displays and exhibits on astronomy and astrophysics, natural science, and cultural history. It is located at the base of Mt. Hopkins in the Santa Rita Mountains, 56 kilometers (35 miles) north of Nogales and just within the boundary of the Coronado National Forest. Visit the observatory website for details.
In announcing the decision to jettison Wallace, Christie this morning said the court's philosophy was the key issue, not politics. He said he disagreed with the court's decisions in several instances that "invaded" the functions of the executive and legislative branches -- but that sitting judges should not think toward reappointment when making their decisions.
Global Talent Retention Initiative of Southeast Michigan helps foreign-born graduates from Michigan schools stay after graduation and fill jobs. Go to www .MiGTRI .org .
Whether it's rating the relevance of a search-engine's results to help train its algorithms, or grading the sentiment of customer tweets (angry? irritated? happy?) for Fortune 500 companies, or screening dating-site photos for inappropriate content, this cadre of anonymous workers is supporting huge swaths of the social-networking empire.
* South Taylor is scheduled to be repaved in 2011 between Cedar Road and Superior Road.
The weather was so wild that heavy rain switched over to sunshine, back and forth all afternoon, in a relentless wind. Clarke was steady through it all, never allowing himself to think about what it would mean to hold the claret jug until he stepped onto the 18th green.
Altamont Pass windmills: Assuming you're not a bird, there's little downside to these windmills. They're especially cool if you're a small child coming back from grandma's house in Pasadena - the first sign you're almost home.
Marvin Fong, The Plain DealerFerris Kleem, center, leaves the federal courthouse Akron today after finishing his testimony over parts of two days. Kleem is cooperating with the prosecution and testified in the racketeering trial of former Cuyahoga County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora. His attorney Ralph Cascarilla is at left.AKRON, Ohio -- The longtime assistant for Berea businessman Ferris Kleem said today in the federal racketeering trial of former Cuyahoga County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora that her boss was a "very generous person" but that she was not surprised when he pleaded guilty in a widespread corruption probe.
Lots of people, it turns out. Wednesday's musings about teachers - musings set off by the current battle in Wisconsin - elicited a great deal of response, most of which was against my pro-teacher stance.
Modest almost to a fault, she's a gifted athlete and superlative student. With her blond ponytail and 5-foot-7, 118-pound frame, Nielsen looks more like a distance runner than one of California's top female high school jumpers.
Reveal your life
The payroll for those employees "had already been processed," Tomback explained, with the understanding that it was a "forward-funded payment" that the county government would pay back. This was done, however, before Craig vetoed legislation that funded the school system's portion of the funds because he felt the one union that hadn't agreed to the one-time payment was trying to use the money for salary bargaining leverage.
We don't fear Dallas. We respect them. But we believe that we can win it."
I'd also forgotten about the fuss stirred up around Amiri Baraka's "Somebody Blew Up America." He was New Jersey's poet laureate in 2002, and in this work, Baraka reiterated the weird falsehood that 4,000 Israelis where warned to stay home the day the World Trade Center incinerated. As Metres points out, Baraka didn't do his poem any favors trying to mount a defense.
Branum's floor plan provides flexibility for moving furniture and entertaining large groups. Mary even added wheels to the kitchen's custom center island.
including "Conservation Trails," $5; "Field Guide: Trees of Missouri," $7.50; "Missouri's Wild Mushrooms," $14; "Missouri Wildflowers," $14; "Tried & True Missouri Native Plants," $6. Other books cover Missouri orchids, reptiles and amphibians, shrubs and woody vines, butterflies and moths, fish, insects and water plants.
Platinum was shut down by the FAA after the accident.
"We thought strong mortgage banking would offset other parts of the balance sheets," said analyst Paul Miller of FBR Capital Markets. "Mortgage banking came in a lot lower than we expected."
The union, along with other education groups, has targeted three Republican-sponsored bills that expand school choice and the charter school law.
"The challenges with public safety have more to do with effectively managing resources than lack of funds," Brown said. "Detroit citizens are deeply overtaxed. Another millage will overburden citizens who continue to face economic challenges. Restructuring the police department is the answer."
The best-known restaurant is the Church, a gourmet eatery in the sanctuary of -- you guessed it -- a former church. Guests dine on chilled cauliflower vichyssoise and roasted Cornish hen in the glow of the stained-glass windows, or head upstairs to the Belfry for a more casual dining experience.
Steven Wood, chief economist at Insight Economics, said that even with a "relatively lean" level of business sales and inventories, stockpiles should make a "small positive contribution" to the U.S. economy in the final quarter of the year.
At the same time, the Cain camp seems to be making efforts to shore up support among women, including rolling out the endorsement of a prominent Republican female state lawmaker in his home state of Georgia, Renee Unterman.
On Tuesday, Hahn was charged with insubordination, criticism of official acts or orders and violations of standards of conduct, among other offenses.
5 p.m. Sam's Town 300 ESPN2
Babbitt "worked tirelessly to improve relations with the labor community and bolstered employee engagement among his 49,000 colleagues at the FAA. He led the FAA's efforts to improve pilot training and enhance safety for the traveling public, as well as those that work in aviation," LaHood said in a statement.
Daily tickets, Thursday-Sunday, $45. Tickets can be purchased at the gate, by calling 330-644-2299 or on worldgolfchampionships.com. Save $10 by placing order before Tuesday. A five-day grounds ticket book, valid Wednesday-Sunday, $85 per person, if purchased in advance.
WALNUT CREEK, Calif. - Oregon State wrestling's Jim Zalesky has been named the Pac-12 Conference's Coach of The Year, the league announced on Thursday.
From avocado oil to jerky, this market offers a wide array of foods. Shop for fresh and organic produce, Alaskan salmon, artisan breads, relishes, fresh eggs, local meats and tamales.
Meanwhile, in the open Atlantic, Hurricane Katia brought rough surf to the East Coast but was not expected to make landfall in the U.S. Tropical Storm Maria also formed Wednesday far out in the Atlantic, but it was too soon to tell if and where it might make landfall.
Now they just need to find more takers.
The Atlanta-based company, which announced the deal Thursday, did not detail the terms of the contract or how much she will be paid.
"Customers said right off, if you can't sell stuff, we're just going to go on the Internet," said Duluth retailer Jim Carlson, who rolled out new products that he claims are legal as soon as Minnesota's ban took effect. "Well, they don't tax the Internet. The city and state will lose their sales tax."
RIM, which has been losing ground to rivals and cutting its financial targets, said it pulled in less revenue and sold fewer BlackBerry phones than expected for the first fiscal quarter ended May 28. It posted the first quarterly drop in BlackBerry sales since 2005.
Most damaging, Watts and his peers say, is the hangover from a bad image.
9:48 p.m.: Gotta say: I'm sitting in the press box, way higher than almost everyone else here, and I can really hear everything clearly. Bet it sounds even better below.
Wilcox said she believes the governor's decision was as much about political gain as anything else.
"Malia and Sasha, it wouldn't dawn on them that somehow their friends' parents would be treated differently," Obama said. "It wouldn't make sense to them. And frankly, that's the kind of thinking that prompts a change in perspective."
Over the past five years, Apple, which earned $18.5 billion before taxes last year, has paid a median worldwide income tax rate of 15 percent. Google, which earned $10.8 billion last year, paid a median 20.1 percent rate. Northrop Grumman, which earned $2.6 billion last year, paid a median 31.6 percent rate. Amgen, which earned $5.3 billion last year, paid a median 20.8 percent rate.
A major bread-and-butter use of the i-Brain by pharma companies is to test psychiatric drugs to "see" what is going on in a patient's brain while the compound is active at low doses in the body - a noninvasive approach.
The ash also caused diplomatic headaches.
The annual Nike Hoop Summit returns to the Rose Garden in April. OregonLive.com will once again provide comprehensive coverage featuring photos and videos from the practices and the game. USA Basketball announced the U.S. roster in the following press release: Featuring 10 elite high school seniors, USA Basketball today named the roster for the 2012 USA Junior National Select Team, which will take on the World Select Team in the 2012 Nike Hoop Summit.
"A.J.'s workouts have been good and he is in as good shape as I've seen him, so maybe he feels better,'' Parent said. "We take a lot of infield, and maybe that helps because we throw to bases a lot.''
October sales are expected to come in slightly below 1 million vehicles, hitting around 12 million on a seasonally adjusted annual sales rate. Sales in October were uneven, coming in strong some days and really weak on others.
"When he's knocking down shots, he's a very tough matchup," Craft said. "And that's the key. Deshaun has done a great job this year of growing as a player and understanding what's a good shot for him and what's a great shot for him and giving up a shot when another player has a better one. It's great to see him grow and become a great basketball player. He's done well defensively the past few games as well."
The crews and captains of the two freighters were awarded commendations for their bravery on that day.
Spa, but the roots of North America's spa industry reach to Arkansas, where Native Americans and early settlers discovered healing aspects of water bubbling forth from 47 mountain springs along the lower slopes of Hot Springs Mountain.
After the Cardinals' seventh-inning rally, lefty Dennys Reyes allowed Arizona to reclaim its cushion by yielding two runs on three hits while getting only one out in the seventh. The Cardinals regrouped in the ninth with RBI singles by Albert Pujols and newcomer Randy Winn and then tied the game with Pujols scoring on a wild pitch. But the Diamondbacks answered swiftly with Young's second homer.
Enviro-Kidz 11
"We hope there will be negotiations," he said. "The last few times we met, they just listened."
Then, in his first month in office, FitzGerald examined the request. He objected to Administrative Judge Thomas O'Malley's request for a desktop and two laptops, he said last month.
WASHINGTON -- The Treasury Department says it has received $972 million from American International Group Monday. The latest repayment brings the insurance giant's outstanding balance with Treasury down to roughly $50 billion
Not true, said Strickland. "Certainly there were things we expected for our investments, and we monitored that," he said. "We tried to be very transparent with our actions and tried to keep nothing from the public."
2007: John Arp: "Almost Maine," "Everything in the Garden," "Leading Ladies," "Urinetown," "Pygmalion," "For Better "
Riders and transit advocates said Monday that they are not sure what they will do if Detroit keeps slashing its bus service, as the city proposes to do again by cutting another $12 million from its general-fund bus subsidy.
Their recording of Otis' "Every Beat of My Heart," released in April 1952, didn't make much of a splash, though it became a big hit almost a decade later for Gladys Knight and the Pips. The next few Royals records went largely unnoticed, too.
But the good news for Warriors fans isn't just that the season is over. Despite a career-high 25 points and eight rebounds for rookie forward Chris Wright, the Warriors lost and wound up tied with Toronto for the seventh-worst record in the NBA. If Golden State lands outside of the top seven in the draft lottery, its pick goes to the Utah Jazz based on a trade from 2008.
It's also quite beautiful, a fully mature 100-acre forest in what was once East Berlin, and director Britta Wauer, working with cinematographer Kasper Kopke, has included numerous moments of random, unexpected beauty.
have been charged with murder and armed criminal action in the death of a man whose burned body was found dumped near a trash bin here last week.
Author Eric Schlosser, whose bestseller "Fast Food Nation" drove scores of readers from their favorite burger joints, is scheduled to be the special guest at a fundraising dinner in St. Louis in late April. Details are pending and specifics have yet to be announced, including the beneficiary of the organization that will benefit from the events.
Lauer has been a fixture with the show since 1994 and began his run as co-anchor in January 1997. He has created a popular "Today" catchphrase with his globe-hopping "Where in the world is Matt Lauer?" segments.
Still, any advantage the small firms have over large firms may be short-lived.
"There's no place for that in our work," Bolton said. "If that happens, then we're now talking about a bad cop and not a bad law."
Each serving: 136 calories; 2 grams protein; 13 grams carbohydrates; 3 grams fiber; 9 grams fat; 1 gram saturated fat; 0 cholesterol; 7 grams sugar; 165 mg sodium.
In that one, Manning was to have stopped abruptly to say he objected to the stereotypes of hillbillies. After talking about important accomplishments of people from the South, he said, "And I'm also the inventor of the three-beer-can hat." He puts one on and drives away in an all-terrain vehicle that plays Dixie when he honks the horn.
Two armed men shadowed Somali radio journalist Farhan Abdulle after he left his station late Wednesday, then shot him dead.
"We should never, ever try to restore a river at the cost of another one," Taylor said.
Authorities read a list of survivors and his mother's name wasn't on it, he said. The shootings took place in a neighborhood of homes and small businesses in downtown Binghamton, a city of about 47,000 situated 140 miles northwest of New York City.
Nearly all of those older than 90 and who lived in a nursing home had some disability. But four out of five of those who lived outside a nursing home also had at least one disability, meaning they needed help doing errands and sometimes even just moving around -- presenting other financial problems for families and governments.
"While we recognize that the gap between your students and other City public school students existed since the beginning of the Academy, it is disturbing that the gap has continued, and in some instances grown greater," French's letter to Hubbard states.
In 2005, unable to continue opening prescription bottles and lifting patients because of the growing weakness in her arms, she quit her nursing assistant job.
Green told BBC radio Tuesday that "of course there is a problem" and said "significant steps" would be taken.
"It seems to me that by taking this position Obama is aligning himself with the entire world, with these times we're living in, with the achievements of rights in other countries," said gay-rights activist Cesar Cigliutti in Argentina, which in 2010 became the first Latin American country to allow gay marriages.
Three said they were bored with college life.
Is there any NFL talent on the offensive line?
4:30 p.m. next Sunday,
That should make for a solid seven hours of the Big Ten at its best.
Embrace your paranoia. Yes, there are people out there who are out to get you. Don't forget it.
Jake's mom Linda Watters said she understands what's at stake.
-- AW, Seoul, South Korea
The pope's creation of the cardinals, who act as special advisers to the pontiff and are eligible to participate in the election of a new pope until age 80, is set to take place at 4:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. Receptions for pilgrims are scheduled following the consistory ceremony, and a Mass of celebration is planned for Sunday morning.
"I understand that they love their teachers, and I'm glad that they do," he said. "And I loved the teachers, for the most part, that I had when I was in junior high and high school in Livingston in the public schools. But the fact of the matter is that those teachers and their union have not stepped up to join the shared sacrifice. ... Their unwillingness to do that makes me wonder why the students are protesting only against what the governor is doing, and not against what their teachers are doing. I have a suspicion that since I don't give them grades and the teachers do, that might have something to do with it."
"It is evident that proper administrative and cost principles of grants management were severely lacking at the state level," the inspector general report states.
7. My Big Fat Greek Wedding (2002): Nia Vardalos exploded onto the scene with this delightful tale of family and cultural and ethnic heritage. She plays a Greek woman who falls for a non-Greek man (John Corbett) and struggles to get her family to accept him.
So this month I enlisted in the nonpartisan, nonprofit, all-volunteer Citizens Climate Lobby (CCL) and agreed to join the fight for effective federal climate legislation. I believe the carbon fee and dividend legislation that CCL plans to ask Congress to take up is the best approach.
Mark Kelly has said he'd like the decision to be made jointly, with his wife's opinion, if possible.
In three career games against the Patriots, Rice averaged 145.7 yards, nearly double what he managed Sunday.
Ross then mentioned the other seven players from San Diego's 1994 team who have died: David Griggs, Doug Miller, Rodney Culver, Chris Mims, Curtis Whitley, Shawn Lee and Lew Bush, as well as former equipment manager Sid Brooks.
"I've always been an underachiever, a C student," he said. "I joined Academic Decathlon to change that."
The Kings had an 8-0 shots advantage before Jonathan Quick finally faced a shot at 9:21, then undressed the Blues' power play for their second short-handed goal of the series with Brown stealing the puck from Carlo Colaiacovo in the St. Louis zone and feeding it in front to Kopitar, who had enough time to stretch Elliott across the crease to the breaking point.
Staff writers Chris Megerian, Eunice Lee, Amy Brittain and Steve Strunsky contributed to this report. This story also contains a pool report from Herb Jackson of The Record.
"As young as we are, hopefully some of these experiences are going to help us," coach Byron Scott said. "I think it will."
Tracey Friedlander in Bethesda, Md., has a Titanic-obsessed 9-year-old, but she doesn't shy away from the rough stuff. She thinks the story offers teachers and parents perfect real-life lessons on perseverance, loyalty, the dangers of arrogance and the shortcomings of technology as kids learn to sort out the complexities of their own lives.
Jeff Gordon on why Travis Pastrana's mullet haircut is better than the one he had in the early 1990s: "He's got curls to go along with it. You can get away with the mullet if you've got curls."
Gleaton, 51, said that as a business owner, he has had to cut employees because of economic strain.
Legislators' comprehensive annual financial disclosures will not be posted online, as proposed in the original bill sponsored by state Sen. Jamie Raskin. This summer, a panel appointed by legislative leaders will explore the possibility of publishing those forms, which contain more information than the conflict-of-interest records.
WASHINGTON -- The White House says President Barack Obama will address the nation at 9 p.m. Monday to discuss the approaching debt limit deadline and an apparent political stalemate over deficit reduction proposals.
Reading "The Help" made me see the world through different skin.
Well, Kemp scored the tying run on Dee Gordon's double in a game that ended on Jason Giambi's pinch homer in the bottom of the ninth.
Blue replaces Vernette Skeete, who left UM in April to become head coach at Gulf Coast State College in Panama City.
NOTES: Thibodeau pronounced Noah "day-to-day" with his ankle injury. ... The Bulls are 3-7 in afternoon games this year. ... Iguodala has been bothered by a strained left Achilles. "I don't think he's great," Collins said, "but as long as he can go out and do the job he's doing on Deng, we sure appreciate that." Deng scored 11 points on 5-for-11 shooting Sunday. ... Williams, who bruised his tailbone in a hard fall late in Game 3, shot 2-for-10 and scored seven points. ... Boxer Bernard Hopkins, a Philadelphia native, was part of the capacity crowd, as was basketball Hall of Famer Dolph Schayes.
Superintendent Kelvin Adams' budget for the 2011-12 school year is based on the assumption that the district will continue to lose students, he said. And it also assumes that the district will not be billed for any St. Louis child who wants to transfer to schools in St. Louis County.
The key challenge will be to come up with devices of a quality level and hip factor that helps position Windows Phone as an attractive alternative to iPhone or Android.
So it's no surprise that Slattery now runs professionally for Nike. She still lives in Boulder, Colo., and works part-time for the athlete alumni club at Colorado to allow her to maintain a regular training schedule.
But nothing is simple in Springfield. Pension reform and the budget crisis are center stage and have most of the legislators' attention. Some in the GOP want to use Obamacare as a political issue and withhold needed bipartisan support.
His record is 12-2 heading into Thursday's start against New
The measure also sparked an internal debate at the White House. Vice President Joe Biden, then-chief of staff Bill Daley and deputy national security adviser Denis McDonough, all Catholics, raised concerns about how the administration proceeded on the policy. On the other side, senior White House advisers Nancy-Ann DeParle, Pete Rouse and David Plouffe argued for the need to ensure coverage for all without exception, as a matter of women's health and fairness.
A new era has dawned at Saison in San Francisco's Mission District. Joshua Skenes, one of this year's Chronicle Rising Star Chefs, opened Saison last year as a once-a-week venture behind Stable Cafe. He eventually expanded to three nights a week, but now he's rolling out a full-fledged restaurant, open five nights a week.
"The (founders) of Valor, they didn't start out and say, 'Let's desire to be mediocre,' " Eagles athletic director Rod Sherman said. "They came out and said, 'Whatever we do, do with all your might for the glory of God.' "
Tonight, the Magic (40-23) will have two changes to their starting lineup: Brandon Bass will start at center and Ryan Anderson will start at power forward in place of Hedo Turkoglu.
Gary D. Gilliam and Donna S. Gilliam of Tulsa, Okla., as trustees of their trusts, paid cash for a 5,568-square-foot home with pool built in 2007 on the greens of the Desert Mountain Chiricahua Golf Course in Scottsdale. The home was sold by Saguaro Forest Lot No. 159, an Arizona limited liability company whose members are Hugh C. Cuff, principal of Cuff Custom Homes, and Gordon C. O'Brien.
Johnson said U.S. Rep. Marcia Fudge, a Warrensville Heights Democrat who leads the group of black elected officials, wanted members to wait until Monday's vote before issuing individual endorsements. Johnson announced Tuesday that he has decided to back Hamilton Brown.
With the higher gas prices, Hakim expects people to stay close to home for vacations this summer.
Scott Dantio, owner of GPS, has been arranging for Indians fans to secure autographs from some of today's stars in Carlos Santana and Asdrubal Cabrera. But next month, fans will have the opportunity to meet and shake hands with a future hall of famer and 11-time gold glove winner in former Tribe shortstop Omar Vizquel.
You didn't have to go further than Mourdock's own victory party to see the national attention he has grabbed. News media from around the nation were there. So, too, were activists like Dudley Brown, a gun-rights advocate from Colorado who had come to support Mourdock -- or perhaps more accurately, reject Lugar.
"They wanted to come in and get their pound of flesh," Saria said.
Baltimore Sun reporter Kevin Rector contributed to this article.
"It has a factor of age," Taylor said. "I want to get on with it and win, also. I think that's a legitimate question. That's where you are in your career and you want to get there. I think that's just another element that reinforces that I'm serious when I say I want a good team put together. And the reason is part of it is personal."
"[Ruffalo\] signed up for stand-alone pictures and we haven't announced anything yet, so it remains to be seen what his next appearance will be," says Kevin Feige, the head of Marvel Studios. "But one of Joss' big mandates for himself in this movie, and one thing we all wholeheartedly agreed with, was to have people talking about the Hulk after this movie."
Note: Apple Farm Cider Syrup is available at the Apple Farm's stall at Ferry Plaza Farmers Market on Saturday, as well as at some retail stores and online at philoapplefarm.com.
About 5,000 medical workers have been referred to the program since its creation in 1994. About 80 percent are dealing with some form of addiction, including drugs and alcohol, Feider said. The program also treats workers who have depression, anxiety and other mental conditions.
Last week, the website Deadspin posted a story that included several voicemails allegedly sent by Favre to Jenn Sterger, who worked for the Jets while Favre was with the team. The voicemails include a man asking to meet with Sterger, who now is a TV personality for the Versus network. The website posted a video that contained the voicemails and several graphic photos - said to be of Favre - that were allegedly sent to Sterger's cell phone.
For James Harden, the notion that he could impact a game just as much off the bench as he would from the starting lineup didn't really click until he was forced to test it out.
But now his team's season is finished, too.
As for this one, the players have enough on their minds without delving into history's specifics.
Idaho has that option, too, although its Pacific Northwest program isn't nearly as geographically aligned with the Sun Belt as New Mexico (not that it hardly matters in today's FBS landscape).
And while incidents like that are not uncommon in the city, the sheer volume of gunfire made this shooting in the 200 block of Tracy Avenue stand out to veteran detectives.
What do you do in the face of looming disaster? In the movie Animal House, the character of Otter memorably suggested the situation "absolutely requires a really futile and stupid gesture be done on somebody's part."
Investors fear that unrest in the Middle East might spread to Saudi Arabia. With little economic news and no earnings announcements planned today, the market's movements are closely tied to news from the region.
7 p.m. Washington at CAVALIERS, FSO; AM/1100
Given Toyota's production woes after the tsunami, General Motors Co. is likely to reclaim the title of world's largest automaker that it lost in 2008.
Dr. Mark Ware, associate medical director of the McGill University Health Centre Pain Clinic in Montreal, one of a small number of experts who has published extensive cannabis research, said many doctors don't take medical pot seriously and physicians like him must "deal with the perception that you're really just looking to get people stoned and high."
FENTON--639 Gravois Bluff Blvd, Fenton, MO-63026-7715; (636) 326-7862 or
A reading above 50 indicates expansion. June's reading is well above the 37.2 low in November 2008. But it's far below the pre-recession high of 67.7 in 2004.
Waugh said he won a creative-writing contest at his high school in Detroit but never went to college or formally studied in research and composition. He taught himself how to gather his information, starting with dates of important events and reading newspaper microfilm at the St. Louis Public Library downtown. Those stories would lead him to other stories, other leads.
"It is still cool," Fisher said, talking over Portman and igniting more applause.
That sounds a bit odd, especially since the federal government already recognizes its bullion coins as legal tender. It's just that nobody's going to pull out a $50 gold piece to pay for snacks at QuikTrip, because the ounce of gold in the coin is really worth $1,600.
Carey Mulligan was chosen best actress for her lead performance in "An Education," a coming-of-age story set in 1960s London. Woody Harrelson won best supporting actor for "The Messenger." In the film, the actor plays Captain Tony Stone, who is tasked to inform the families of fallen soldiers.
Colonoscopies: What to expect
Like the New York Yankees of American baseball, Real Madrid is built to win championships and loaded with marquee talent like Cristiano Ronaldo, Xabi Alonso, Mesut Ozil and Marcelo Viera. An interactive museum on the island will tell the history of the storied club and its celebrated players. The grandiosity and pomposity of the luxury resort project has already met with derision in soccer-mad Europe, particularly among fans of Real Madrid's arch-rival Barcelona.
Nevertheless, it would be foolish to rule out a release altogether this year, given U.S. electoral politics. If Republicans are still using gasoline prices as a stick to beat President Barack Obama, "there will be a lot of pressure in an election year to do something about it," said Ehsan Ul-Haq, KBC's senior market consultant.
With perfect weather and a full moon, we started walking the half mile to Healdsburg for dinner. After we crossed over a small bridge, we noticed a cat following a short distance behind us. We turned back and, to our surprise, the handsome tabby didn't run away but approached us without fear. He was an intact male, perhaps not fully grown, lean and athletic. This was no ordinary cat; he nonchalantly accepted our petting while very much remaining his own self.
In Newport News, David Trump, director of the Peninsula Health District, says, "We're getting the word out to physicians and their practices and to individuals living with diabetes. We'd like them to consider the vaccine early in their illness so they get the protection early before they have less ability to fight it."
What's more, if the resume is too busy, difficult to follow or too long, it may not even be considered, career experts say.
Crews next week plan to clear the space on St. Clair, demolishing an office building with a 170-foot tall crane and 6,000-pound wrecking ball, said Jeff Appelbaum, the county's pointman for the project.
The experience spurred her to enroll in nursing school. In 1952, she graduated from the Franklin Square School of Nursing and afterward worked as a nurse in Fullerton and Sparrows Point.
KSDK (Channel 5) will pre-empt the much-buzzed-about Christmas episode of "Community," airing nationally at 7 p.m. Thursday. The episode was shot in stop-motion animation in the style of classic holiday specials of the 1960s. Instead of that treat, St. Louisans (at least those who don't change the channel quickly enough) will see a "special" about holiday events that, odds are, will be packed with sponsored segments. Remember, the point is $$. Whatever airs, whether infomercial or just filler, makes more money for a station than a network show.
A. I am a big believer in giving back to the community. This can be done in a number of ways. I have found myself involved with school events, AYSO, youth basketball, Boy Scouts, and charity events. Through serving others, you will build memories and lifelong friendships, along with a stronger community.
The celebration that resulted in this visit is truly exceptional. With any luck, as the Cleveland Orchestra departs for Costa Mesa, Calif., and other Western locales, it's taking away ideas for its own centennial in 2018.
Six European countries held elections Sunday. Here is a quick look at what was at stake:
And Ohio's budget, via state aid to cities and schools and the like, had become an "enabler" over time for mayors and school boards too timid to say "no" to unions.
The team has already made changes hoping for an improvement, demoting Freddy Garcia to the bullpen in favor of rookie David Phelps. The team also called up right-hander D.J. Mitchell, who will take on long relief duties, though he could also be called upon to start games.
After Kobe Bryant and Andrew Bynum failed to switch on a pick-and-roll, Clippers guard Caron Butler connected with Griffin on a bounce pass. As Gasol helped out from the weakside, Griffin posterized him. After falling to the ground, Gasol immediately stood up and protested the non-call to officials. But there was nothing Gasol could do as he joined what he called "the list" of opponents that appear in Griffin's dunk highlights.
He said that this may be due to sanctions that are designed to restrict North Korea's ability to acquire or trade technologies that support the nuclear program. But he said it was impossible to say for certain if there is a link.
Mr. Kumagai said he and 10 friends were playing a leisurely game of gateball, similar to croquet, on Friday afternoon when the earthquake shook them more violently than they had ever been shaken. They ran outside to huddle in the parking lot until the tremors subsided, then about half of the group fled home to pick up loved ones or possessions despite fears of a tsunami. "They never came back," Mr. Kumagai said.
The program anticipates the federal Affordable Care Act expected to take effect on Jan. 1, 2014, said Robert Fruend Jr., chief executive of the St. Louis Regional Health Commission, the agency administering the program.
Senior statistics: 45 tackles (20 solo), 11 pass breakups, four interceptions (including one returned for a 70-yard touchdown), 2.5 tackles for loss and one sack. On special teams, Hill recorded four kickoff returns for 116 yards and one touchdown, and three punt returns for 134 yards and one score.
Van der Sloot's journey from the quiet comfort of Aruba to being escorted briskly in handcuffs past Peruvian crowds screaming "murderer" is a tale of dissolution, deception and increasing desperation, according to friends and people who have chronicled his life.
"He's certainly not afraid to take a stance," said Dan Schuster, owner of an Owings Mills concrete construction company who tangled with O'Brien over the school closings. "You talk to him for five minutes, and you know where he stands."
Mansfield, who oversees Apple divisions that produce iPhones and laptops, products that helped make Apple the world's most valuable company, is navigating native objections and the county's often-tricky permit process with the help of a raft of consultants. He has so far produced a historic review, an archaeological review, a biotic review and a geologic review and more.
Isakson slammed her head against a metal chair arm and on a metal frame beneath a passenger seat, according to the claim. It says she lost consciousness, a pool of blood surrounded her head, and she was seen "frothing at the mouth."
Although Daldry takes us to unglamorous neighborhoods in the five boroughs, the denizens of the city are as kindly as the caricatures in a tourism ad. "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" is supposed to promote healing, but as they say in New York: close, but no cigar.
"Sometimes I wasn't fitting in at college and he'd just tell him to be myself," she said, describing their email and Facebook chains. "Even though he was younger than me, he still had a good head on him."
In regard to the bowl's $22.3 million in net assets, Bagnato said the Fiesta Bowl needs to "manage prudent reserves" to cover future obligations, market the Fiesta and Insight bowls and pay for related events.
As it begins its 100th year, the City Club provides a place for presidents and generals, religious leaders and civic reformers, muckrakers and educators to be heard -- and just as important, where everyday Clevelanders can pose questions and have them answered.
The GM was thinking "balance" all the way, but balance was going to come after he took Ingram, Reyes and LSU safety Brandon Taylor (Smith moved up to get him) 1-2-3. Then came Louisiana-Lafayette tight end Ladarius Green - a 6-6 burner they think can be a major player in the passing game - followed by Penn State guard Johnnie Troutman, Michigan strongman center David Molk and Michigan State tailback Edwin Baker.
- Arizona Stronghold Vineyards Jambalaya: Enjoy Arizona wine, Cajun food and the music of bluegrass band Muskellunge. Tickets include admission, food and a glass of wine. $25 for wine-club members; $35 for public. 5:30-9 p.m. Nov. 20. Old Town Center for the Arts, 633 N. Fifth St., Cottonwood. 928-639-3004 ext. 222, azstronghold.com.
"Everyone expected us to loose, but we all knew that if we played as a team that we could pull off the upset," Wilkerson said.
Some argue that President Barack Obama ought not to allow the nation's finances to go over the cliff. For example, Bruce Bartlett, who worked for the Reagan and George W. Bush administrations, has written: "In the event that congressional irresponsibility makes default impossible to avoid, he should order the secretary of the Treasury to simply disregard the debt limit and sell whatever securities are necessary to raise cash to pay the nation's debts."
Other recent data suggest stronger growth in the January-March quarter.
Said's uncle, Ali Kassem, said the lesser conviction and light sentence came as a shock and "revived their sadness over the death of Khaled."
Gov. Nixon recently vetoed a budget bill that would have continued funding for the Missouri Film Office, which has helped movie, TV and commercial producers secure tax credits, scout locations and recruit crew members to film in the Show Me State. (Almost every other state has a similar office.)
Sanzenbacher jumped to make the 24-yard grab down to the 2, but he wasn't all that confident when the officials reviewed the play.
"It's really scary," he said.
Hafner's slam gave the Indians a 4-0 lead in the first off Jeremy Guthrie. The Rockies stormed back on homers by Colvin and Nelson to tie the score. Colorado stretched the lead to 10-5 on Colvin's three-run homer in the sixth off minor leaguer J.D. Reichenbach.
The Saints' Jonathan Vilma isn't the first. Some other NFL players who were suspended for entire seasons:
Although they think she is coping well, Sandra's friends say the brunette beauty - who is juggling renovating her Beverly Hills home with raising Louis and working at her Fortis Films production company - is still adjusting to being a single parent.
When Massachusetts required drug and device companies to report payments to doctors in that state last year, 286 companies did so.
The home's original garage, on the other side of the floor plan, was transformed into an office for Dan's business.
11. Clint Bowyer 227
Sprawling shrubs and hedges along the street will trap seeds, and raised beds and planters can deter them. There are many techniques that protect a garden from unwanted seeds; simply identify the direction of migration of the weeds and create a barrier.
But it is also the city's most visited park and its list of needs is long.
James Blain
We keep falling into the same trap. Earlier this month, local pols breathed easy when Congress OK'd another $26 billion stimulus and sent $2 billion to New York for schools and Medicaid. But that bailout merely relieved pressure to rein in out-of-control costs. Now, new funds will have to be found to pay the bills when the stimulus pot runs dry.
None of this happened at Penn State. Not in 1998 when a young boy's mother told officials her son had been inappropriately touched in a shower by assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky. Not in 2000 when a janitor says he saw Mr. Sandusky performing oral sex on a boy in the shower. Not in 2002 when a grad student alerted the school's iconic football coach, Joe Paterno, that he had seen Mr. Sandusky rape a 10-year-old in the shower.
Surely, it demands that the food be compelling or at least comforting, whether it's classic or cutting-edge cuisine. Perhaps the recipes should have enough complexity of technique to suggest, "Don't try this at home."
The small varsity Orange team was named Jamz cheer national and grand champion. The squad received the highest score of any team competing in the event, which was held in Las Vegas. That is just one of the titles the 13-member team won in nine regional and national competitions this year.
Two factors to watch closely: How much influence will victors from the Tea Party movement, which champions conservative ideals and eschews compromise, have on their respective chambers? As Rand Paul, the Tea Party candidate who won the U.S. Senate seat in Kentucky, said in his acceptance speech, "We've come to take our government back."
The next day, I spoke with Detective Sgt. Paul Piatchek of the Fourth District. He said the detectives had been working the case diligently. He said the pizza delivery was an important element.
Friday, Feb. 24
Taj Mahal is on the road again, and his next stops will be in Alaska, which he visited for the first time in the early 1970s. He says he has been drawn back many times by the eclectic mix of people and the equally impressive range of fish.
Game 2 is Tuesday night.
Eddie Pleasant SS 5-10, 211 Sixth round
Not all went well for Motown personalities: Former Hitsville star Gladys Knight -- one of this season's remaining dance contestants -- was the first to be knocked out of contention in the closing dance-off.
"I think our boat's a little bit better," boasted Dasan Marshall, 17.
"Family Guy" (Fox)
And from my colleague, Grant Butler, his choices:
But his crisis management during the recent fires, which has won him a chorus of positive reviews, may serve him well in next year's reelection campaign.
Wednesday's settlement is the latest attempt by Patriot to resolve selenium pollution claims that have dogged the company for years. In September 2010, a federal judge found the company in contempt of court and ordered it to clean up selenium pollution at two mines.
The case involved a veteran whose home was being foreclosed on and who was accused, during an Occupy Cleveland protest, of threatening to burn down the home of the banker who is foreclosing on him.
"Given the anticipated size of the boom, Ohio is expected to follow Pennsylvania's experience. We believe 20,000 jobs would be a more realistic starting point for what to expect in Ohio over the next four years and is in line with what other independent assessments have suggested."
Sunday, during the ceremony at the National September 11 Memorial, he will unfold a list and put names to 10 of the men, women and children, who perished with plans unfulfilled. In that sorrowful moment, a father and a doleful nation will remember where Robert David Peraza was that September day.
Jason Arnott has scored just four goals since Jan. 12. He has tried to play through nagging injuries, prompting Hitchcock to give him some downtime. Now the Blues need him to rejuvenate his body and his scoring touch.
Many companies list calorie counts on their websites, but this does not go far enough. Few people read the nutritional information online, and a distant tidbit of information is easily forgotten when one is perusing a restaurant menu. We need the calorie content right there in front of us, weighing on our decision right up until the moment the waiter takes our order. We need that constant feedback every time we go to a restaurant, so that every time we don't make the healthy choice, we remember it and we can let that feeling guide future healthy decisions.
Some say that future wars of this century will be fought over water. But this film also showed remarkable cooperation to resolve water conflicts. For example, Arabs and Israelis are at loggerheads over the limited water of the Jordan River. But the two sides have worked together to build improved sewage treatment for the region.
For Rebecca Caughron, an assistant teacher and Washington Township High School senior, Hanukkah is about seeing her family and passing on the meaning of the festivities to another generation. She helps out as an assistant teacher for the little ones as well, explaining the real meaning of the holiday to them and making sure they gain an early appreciation for Jewish culture and traditions.
New Delhi asked its top oil importers to cut back in the coming year because of demands from the U.S., one of the people familiar with the request said, adding: "Definitely, there is a lot of pressure from the U.S." A spokesman for India's oil ministry didn't respond to a request to comment.
How long was Wallace's career? Think of it this way: when "60 Minutes" debuted in 1968, Wallace was 50 years old.
The program will be funded from the health clinics' budgets, Fruend said.
Kids: Children's menu.
"This is a big year for us," DeWitt said. "Part of the asset we got in the Rasmus deal was extra picks. We either keep the players or get picks. It worked out we got picks."
Players acquired through expansion draft or trade:
The Titans lost a great goalkeeper in Matt Derrington, who now is at Memphis University, but Drake likes the potential of Jeremiah Cooper who will take over between the pipes.
"I should have maybe changed the strategy a little bit when I was feeling tired," Hasay said. "But I just kept pressing it and didn't have it in the end. I pressed because I wanted to practice different strategies.
As a senior, what additional leadership roles are you called upon to play?
The parents of Rusty Sneiderman, the Dunwoody entrepreneur murdered outside a daycare in 2010, have petitioned a Fulton County judge to grant them visitation rights with their two grandchildren.
Gasoline prices have dropped 5 percent since peaking last month.
Two Giants, Merle Hapes and Frank Filchock, were suspended after the game when it came out that they had been approached by gamblers about fixing the title game.
In recent years Agyness has turned her back on modeling, and has now moved to Los Angeles to pursue her acting dream, and despite the change she claims she is not scared.
How did we get here? I blame Henry Paulson. (Such a versatile sentence.) The gold standard of executive overreach was achieved the day he summoned the heads of the country's nine largest banks and informed them that, henceforth, the federal government was their business partner. They complied.
Wilmoth worked as a staff nurse and discovered her niche, oncology nursing.
The true death toll was probably about 750,000 - 20 percent higher than the traditionally quoted figure of 620,000 - and might have been as high as 850,000, according to J. David Hacker of New York's Binghamton University.
"It was an incredible job; it was the best I've ever seen us do."
With a win at Hazelwood Central's Paul Enke Invitational on Saturday, it's fair to say the cross country dots have been connected. The 5-foot-11, 130-pound Bartelsmeyer moved into the lead with approximately 600 meters to go and cruised in six seconds ahead of second-place finisher Devin Sander of Columbia Hickman. Bartelsmeyer finished the hilly, 5,000-meter run at Sioux Passage Park in 17 minutes 6.62 seconds.
Her father, Mike Kellenyi stood in front of the crowd to say a few brief words about his daughter, and what the moment meant to him and his family.
The original Pre-Fund moms and the larger Parent Teacher Association at Daniel Webster are raising money to pay for a reading coach, a guidance counselor and a playground coach who emphasizes positive play and quashes bullying. Despite all this, the school's test scores continue to be lackluster - rising for a few years, but then falling again last year.
added an empty-netter with seconds left in the game.
McIlroy had another surge on the back nine to put away Bae Sang-moon of South Korean, 3 and 2. Moments later, Westwood finished off Martin Laird of Scotland for a 3-and-2 victory to advance to the semifinals.
2006-07: What if Jamar Smith and Brian Carlwell didn't play power hour with tequila on the night of Feb. 12? What if Smith, a Big Ten All-Freshman selection, was the scorer Weber desperately needed? What if Carlwell, a massive Tribune All-State center, was a glue guy, defensive force and spark off the bench? What if Smith put the keys down?
Dan Uggla drove in two runs with a tie-breaking, bases-loaded single in the eighth inning to propel the Braves to a 3-1 win against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field, their fourth in five games on a nine-game trip.
Kubiak admits this is a big game and that his team is excited, but he stresses that it is only one game.
The Northstar commuter rail service won't be affected.
Coaches can teach offense, defense and special teams.
She also showed a letter from a company he had claimed to work for stating they had no record of his employment.
Giffords had tough words for the president on border security. When he spoke on the subject in 2010, Kelly notes in the book, Giffords issued "a tough statement," which read in part: "Arizonans have heard it all before. ... The crisis on America's borders won't be addressed with words."
Tigard
Earlier this year, Dimon said in a Fox Business Network interview: "Paul Volcker, by his own admission, has said he doesn't understand capital markets. ... He has proven that to me."
To that end, he built New York's Carnegie Hall in 1891, and later, on top of the concert venue, the Carnegie Hall Studios, designed as an artists' community
So what makes Dr Pepper stand out? McKinney and its consumers agree that it's the unique combination of ingredients, which remains a closely guarded secret.
But as parents' fears about vaccine safety have grown, the demographics of the unvaccinated have shifted substantially. Although fewer than 2% of kindergartners at traditional public schools and Catholic schools in California had exemptions last fall, more than 4% of kindergartners at other private schools and nearly 10% of those enrolling in charter schools were exempted.
"The fans made me feel real comfortable," Fielder said after the Tigers' 3-2 victory. "I took myself out of the equation. It was more about the team.
"Our Lap-Band business has come to a screeching halt," said Dr. Carson Liu, a Santa Monica bariatric surgeon who praised Allergan's decision. "I've been trying to get the word out that there's a difference between the Lap-Band and 1-800-GET-THIN."
Golden 66, Niwot 60
In fact, we first meet them in a scene in their living room that feels like eavesdropping. They are getting ready to go somewhere, maybe church. Mildred puts on daughter Peggy's socks, turning one to hide a hole. The children (there were also two sons, Sidney and Don) play around the house. Richard, stoic, with a blond crew cut, sits quietly.
ealasaid.com.
The good news in this is there are also four upperclassmen back who return to the team this season.
"We showed we're a team a fighters," said Hafner. "We kept it interesting for our fans right until the end."
The Dow Jones industrial average fell below 11,000 for the first time in a little more than a week, reversing a streak that had sent the index up nearly 8 percent for the year.
A rough inning by the Cougars (15-4-1) pushed the advantage to the other side of the diamond. Three errors, a walk and two singles allowed Clovis West (25-4) to score the only runs it would need to get the win.
What drives this obsessive thirst -- this compulsion to pay for something we can essentially get for free? Royte characterizes the nationwide craving for bottled water, "in a country where more than 89 percent of tap water meets or exceeds federal health and safety regulations," as both an outrageous marketing coup and an unparalleled social phenomenon. Beginning in the late 1970s with Orson Welles' high-toned television pitches for Perrier, bottled water has been promoted for its snob appeal as much as its health benefits. Jennifer Aniston's recent spots for Smartwater strike Royte as typically absurd. "Some ads depict her naked and others place her, clad, in an elegant restaurant, where her plastic water bottle looks, to someone with my peculiar mindset, like litter amid the crystal stemware."
A death investigation is ongoing, and no one is in custody.
The wild horses are still the biggest attraction, but stand-up paddleboarders can get an even better view of the action from the Chincoteague Bay and Sinepuxent Bay.
4827 Moore St., $65,000
Given the importance an in-person visit plays in choosing a school, you'll want to make the most of it. Here's some tips to show you how.
Rybak, whose duties include the processing of applications, checked off that Mason met the qualifications for a hearing officer, but Mason had not completed required coursework on property appraisals.
The county is lower on preventable deaths at 4,052 per 100,000 compared to the national average of 5,466 or the California average of 5,922 per 100,000.
The CIA is continuing to comb through the intelligence gathered at this Pakistani compound, where American commandos flew off with hard drives, documents and DVDs. Analysts say most of the intelligence gathered at his home will contribute to an understanding of how the organization operated but would probably not include "actionable" intelligence, since much of it was dated.
Several experts said the misrepresentation about Thompson's background could create legal problems for him and Yahoo.
The state also will start directing money it sends to counties for child safety in a way that supports outcomes the state thinks protect children.
American exporters would suffer if sagging confidence in Europe shrinks the value of the euro against the dollar. Exports have been one of the U.S. economy's few strengths since the recession ended three years ago.
Currently, the parks department is finishing the park's design. Construction could start as early as next year and be completed sometime in 2016. At the same time the park is under construction, it is hoped that Columbia Waterfront LLC, a group of local investors managed by Tualatin-based Gramor Development Inc., will begin construction on the adjacent 24-acre development.
There was Max, lying in the brush, dead. "He had a salmon-colored foam coming out of his nose and a glassy look in his eyes," Aguiar said. "I was screaming, 'No, no, no.' It was horrible. I sat there for a long time, crying and crying."
The trick is to join small and larger pieces of gold without melting them and turning the work into a puddle. In his granules, Miller used 18 karat gold with small amounts of copper mixed in, which lowered the melting temperature and allowed the fusion to take place.
You need to forgive "men," too. The men you were with were young and stupid, just like you, and they're also suffering for their behavior. You need to stop condemning all men. Get to know a man before you judge him.
He said he had been a leader in seeking budget cuts and that the congressional earmark Carnahan criticized was part of a $355 billion defense appropriation bill that her mother, former Sen. Jean Carnahan, voted for.
"If we were a hamburger place, we would try to have the best hamburger ... our aim is to have the best slot floor," said COO Michael Frawley.
The Bucks capitalized, scoring 28 points in the paint after intermission.
The National Weather Service issued a tornado warning for southwestern Warren County and the western edge of Hunterdon County tonight.
Instead, the front-runners portrayed themselves as a proven business executive (Brady), a former city leader with established know-how (Hales) and a state legislator qualified to make tough budget decisions (Smith).
Water can be broken down in space to liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen for rocket fuel. Water is very expensive to get off the ground so the plan is to take it from an asteroid to a spot in space where it can be converted into fuel. From there, it can easily and cheaply be shipped to Earth orbit for refueling commercial satellites or spaceships from NASA and other countries.
Remy Edwards stands behind the fence and looks on at the Oakville softball field.
'Mandatory overtime'
"It took a lot of ingenuity and creativity to see the possibilities within those confined spaces," said Bruce.
380 Genoa Dr, $175,000
Jones will make a rare club appearance Saturday at Nighttown in Cleveland Heights, with shows at 8 and 10 p.m. The engagement happens to fall on his 67th birthday.
Domestic Relations Court Judge Diane Palos found Pumper guilty of contempt of court and ordered him to spend the next 60 days in County Jail, court records show.
1/3 cup olive oil
"It's the vicious cycle we're trying to break," says Michelle Pauline Hodges, a spokeswoman for the center. "Not everyone was born to be a parent, but we can help them become better parents."
Seeking a specialist
Excluding restructuring and other one-time items, the seller of Pepsi, Gatorade and Tropicana earned $1.39 billion, or 88 cents per share. That matched a consensus estimate from analysts polled by Thomson Reuters.
After a few breathless laps, I finally caught up with Derby Lite instructor Andrea "Splatty Hearst" Ratcliff. Retired after two years and one sprained ankle, Ratcliff, 40, said she misses skating, but no longer had time to practice three to four times a week.
I'll conclude by saying that it may not be appropriate to refer to the Republican slate as a joke. I'm sorry I take it back -- they are, more fittingly, pathetic. In times like this there is nothing wrong with the nation having a good laugh, just as long as it's not at the expense of a major political party. The 1980 field in comparison to 2012 reminds me of the recent LSU vs. Florida game.
Are there a lot of other gamers in your life?
Davis had an eight-year NFL defensive back career that included a Super Bowl title in 1988 to cap his rookie season with the Washington Redskins. Before football, he was a wrestler at Cortez High School. He returned to Arizona after football to become a personal trainer for a wide spectrum of pro athletes and people just looking to get or stay in shape.
There is talk of a changing of the guard in the Western Conference, away from the puck-possession Red Wings' style to the tight-checking, defense-oriented play of St. Louis and Los Angeles.
Special Olympics volunteer. ... Plans to attend University of Mississippi, then go to medical school. ... Favorite book: "The Things They Carried."... Favorite musicians: Toby Keith, The Zac Brown Band. ... Role model: Pat Tillman. "He gave his life for the sake of freedom instead making millions of dollars playing the game he loved."
6 to 8 oysters
Babeu did not respond Tuesday to requests for comment. He also did not respond to requests for comment on the campaign of his chief deputy, Steve Henry, whose exploratory committee for sheriff is chaired by Babeu.
Mayor Francis Slay took some criticism for essentially sitting out the campaign against Prop A. -- the statewide vote that set the stage for the spring referendum on the earnings tax -- but the mayor is now flexing the full force of his fundraising machine.
Steve Millard, president of Council of Smaller Enterprises in Cleveland, said the group is considering creating a dual membership program with Plexus.
Utilities and consumers
"Jeremy Rapp, who was the JV coach last year, is going to be my assistant," Ogle said.
To get the right feeling, Petenbrink says she looked to a mix of real time periods, referencing the 1920s and '40s as well as Edwardian and Victorian eras.
Still, food manufacturers and grain millers remain worried that the corn will spread through pollen or inadvertent mixing. Genetically modified crops have escaped at least six times in the past, according to a 2008 General Accounting Office report, in one case leading to produce recalls and more than $1 billion in losses to rice farmers. The agency said that "the ease with which genetic material from crops can be spread makes future releases likely."
On the Internet, of course, and in larger independent bookstores. For its part, Amazon has turned "tail" marketing into an art form and provided millions with access to titles that are acquired tastes. For their part, many "indies" provide comforting ambiance and a decent selection of books. But how many of them do both with the breadth and panache that Borders did?
Homeowners with pending cases were assigned to the slots, though in the future, people may be able to request evening meetings, said FitzGerald's spokesman John Kohlstrand.
George Washington, toward the end of his life, refused even to speak to Thomas Jefferson. Patrick Henry ("Give me liberty or give me death") joined Washington in deeming Jefferson a threat to the very survival of the United States of America. Why? Because Jefferson pushed for legislation in Virginia that would allow that state to annul federal law. If each state could go its own way, if the 13 colonies were to become the United States in name only, Washington believed the country could not survive.
"The paid (musicians) do not consider it just a job where they show up, get a check, and go home," says John J. Miller.
Offensive linemen (nine): Joe Thomas, Steinbach, Alex Mack, Lauvao, Tony Pashos, Pinkston, Branndon Braxton, John Greco, Steve Vallos.
Stifel Financial Corp. hired Brett Marcus and Sam Frankfort of Needham & Co. and Sam Skinner of Jefferies Group Inc. as managing directors for the firm's first expansion into institutional equity options trading.
And then he added: "What a way to go out."
A memorial currently under construction at the crash site will be dedicated in June.
* Some good research from Steve Sommer of the
"I'm having more fun with family and friends," she said. She has
"The same notary public apparently witnessed all three executives sign the documents on the same day," he said. Considering the parties relied on those documents to justify foreclosure, Panner said, the review "appears rushed."
Travels in Search of Science
Around this time last year, Jason Aldean was headlining a soggy installment of the 2010 WGAR Country Jam. On Saturday, he joins fellow country star Jimmy Buffett (yeah, yeah, it's true; Buffett's country) as the only two acts to sell out Blossom Music Center this season.
The guidelines also recommended that employees always wear wristwatches to signal "trustworthiness and a serious concern for punctuality."
"What coach," asks Gardner, "can make a three-hour practice entertaining?"
Around 9:40 a.m. Friday, Mitch Finnegan, the zoo's chief veterinarian, and a handful of assistants, carried the cougar, anesthetized and stretched out on a litter, into the new hospital's treatment room, its cupboards still largely bare but equipped with enough supplies to examine the cat. They placed her on a padded table topped with a warm, water-filled cushion, covered her in a cozy blanket and got to work.
Blue Heron's property tax bill this year was about $374,000; the company still owes $232,733. Most of the money goes to Clackamas County, Oregon City, West Linn and the school districts that serve the two cities.
A new study by Scripps Clinic researchers may be a wake-up call for the millions of people who rely on sleeping pills to fall asleep. The report links the medications to a 4.6 times higher risk of death and a significant increase in cancer cases among regular pill users.
(A) Lyn Truitt
"That river has got 8 feet of my property," he said while surveying his Riveredge Drive backyard on Thursday.
8. "The Mentalist," CBS, 12.03 million.
For information or to order tickets contact Mr. Arvin Arjona, at arvin.arjona@millburn.org
What a great weekend ... Blues ... SLU ... Mizzou ... Cardinals' spring training ... Mardi Gras ... enjoy!
Sears Holdings(SHLD) said Tuesday it anticipates first-quarter net income of between $155 million and $195 million, or $1.46 a share to $1.84 a share.
Some members see the choir as another way of caring for children and co-workers. Not everyone can attend every performance, but Lunde, who sings soprano and alto, fills in as needed.
The act was further violated when the owner failed to give the residents 10-days notice that offers were being accepted to turn the park into something other than a trailer park, according to the suit.
Cookie & Igo Jurgens
"It's a very significant announcement for us," said Lisa Baird, USOC's chief marketing officer. "It goes to the depth of marketing that a company like Procter & Gamble can bring to our athletes and the Olympic movement."
Albany will trim the tax from $1.5 billion to $1.18 billion a year, exempting schools as well as some small businesses and cutting the tax for other small businesses.
Companies that decide to drop coverage likely will be those that have a low percentage of workers enrolled in their plans and high staff turnover, Abbott said. This could include retail or hospitality businesses. For those companies, benefits are not crucial to retaining workers, and their employees may find better options on the exchange.
What has happened since is at least as remarkable and a true example of "paying it forward." One anonymous reader, when hearing about Packard's leaky roof, contacted a friend at the Builders Association of Minnesota, who found a contractor, Plekkenpol Builders, who fixed it.
Bird also brought a touch of playfulness to the proceedings in moments like a self-destructing phone booth that refuses to self destruct. If "Ghost Protocol" doesn't display as much individualism as Bird's animated features, that likely wasn't in the cards with a tent-pole series like this.
MIAMI -- Former Oakland Raiders players William Joseph and Michael Bennett are among the eight people charged in a South Florida tax refund and identity theft scheme.
With the mixer on medium speed, add the eggs, 2 to 4 tablespoons at a time, beating after each addition until incorporated. On the lowest speed, add 1/3 of the flour mixture alternately with the half the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Mix after each addition until incorporated, then stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl.
Last year, the board that runs the institution approved a plan that calls for restoring or reinventing one-fifth of the gallery space every year.
Sit him down again. Remind him that his football career doesn't define him. And while we're doing this, don't anyone blame the woman, an employee of the business affairs office, who says she rented the automobile and then, in effect, sub-let it to the joyriding cornerback.
Beverly Hills Police Lt. Mark Rosen said that his agency may release more details Monday about Houston's death, but it will depend on whether detectives feel comfortable releasing any information.
"I'm excited to be there," Merigian said. I've always wanted to put it in a venue like that."
From 1994 to 2008, the number of high school graduates in the nation swelled by about 36 percent. Those numbers are expected to dip for the next several years.
She recalled that as a 14-year-old she thought her life was perfect and wouldn't change, something many children feel.
First tournament: 1896
The suit, which aside from Christie also lists several officials from the New Jersey Department of Human Services as well as the CEO of the VDC as defendants, claims several grievances, including:
"I wish people would read the books before criticizing them," he said. "The stories are about secular heroes doing the right thing. It's not just for Arabs, not just for Christians, it's for everyone."
The impostor doesn't stand in as Lithgow, the Oscar-nominated, Tony Award-winning actor best known for his comic turn in the 1990s TV series "3rd Rock From the Sun."
During the Mass, Benedict received a silver reliquary holding a vial of blood taken from John Paul during his final hospitalization. The relic, a key feature of beatification ceremonies, will be available for the faithful to venerate.
Maybe on the 61st day he'll decorate.
Pierre Ellis, an economist at Decision Economics, said a "major revival" in home construction would be needed before there is any "discernible impact" on the economy.
... I introduced the Newspaper Revitalization Act to help our disappearing community and metropolitan papers by allowing them to become nonprofit organizations. My goal is to save local coverage by reporters who know their communities, work their beats and dig up the stories that are important to our daily lives. Today, newspapers do that job; all other outlets -- TV, radio, blogs -- feed off that base. My bill would allow newspapers -- if they choose -- to operate under 501(c)(3) status for educational purposes, similar to public broadcasters.
The delicate acoustic opener, "The Circle's Lament," is a ballad that combines pedal steel guitar and strings. That softness is balanced by tracks such as "All This Time," a chugging pop-flavored rocker equipped with a catchy melody.
Anthony Natale, 44, of Neshanic Station, and Kenneth Lagonia, 58, who now lives in North Carolina, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire fraud in U.S. District Court in Newark.
Visiting Phoenix City Hall on Thursday, the Colombian-born entertainer told more than 100 members of the media: "I'm in opposition to this law because it is a violation of human and civil rights. It goes against all human dignity, against the principles of most Americans I know.
Ocoee Principal Sharyn Gabriel said the 3-D projectors are getting the job of education done.
"It causes a lot of addiction, heartache and hopelessness for people," he said, "so I don't see any majesty in malt liquor or fortified wine."
He knew no English. His older brother gave him good advice: "Go in the restaurant business and you'll be fine," he said.
"That can help them later. On the bus maybe there's a bully, and if they just did a play where they're running from the wolf and it resolves itself happily, the bully might not seem so bad. Children can gain a mastery of their world through their play."
Back in those earliest days, however, life on Earth was confined to oceans where oxygen and protection from the sun's rays could be found, unlike on the surface of an atmosphereless planet. Marine life would not have been undisturbed by the collisions, said David Morrison, senior scientist at NASA's Lunar Science Institute in Mountain View.
Nielsen says 5.3 million people watched the 90-minute bow at 10 p.m. on Halloween, giving AMC its biggest audience ever for an original series, and far surpassing the numbers for network staples such as Mad Men and Breaking Bad. (The network's all-time draw remains the mini-series Broken Trail, which premiered to nearly 10 million viewers back in 2006.) Add in same-night repeats of Dead, and the show's premiere audience rises to just over 8 million viewers. What's more, Dead was particularly big with viewers under 50: Around 3.6 million in that demo watched, making the show the biggest cable-series premiere among the young folks this year.
At a time when the public is sour on anyone linked to Washington, incumbents -- Obama included -- are at risk, no matter what their party. So, it seems, are lawmakers with a history of working with members of the opposite party.
Romola Gara - Emma
It should be noted that the Predators were 22-16-3 on the road during the regular season. Only five teams won more road games. And they won their last game at Joe Louis Arena 4-1 on March 30.
It will be used mainly to accomodate private parties and spill-overs during big events in the Inner Harbor. Until now, whenever conferences were held at the convention center, the restaurant was overwhelmed, Dvorkin said.
Anticipation of that oh-so-heavenly light, fluffy texture could turn into a mouthful of dry, dense cake.
The 11th-hour unveiling is one of the things Democrats have criticized about the plan.
In Shreveport, Michael Nash, 38, watched his son play in a T-ball game, describing the scene as "good old conservative values." He said he would vote for Santorum even though he expected Romney would win the nomination. "Before Mitt shakes up his Etch A Sketch again for November, he needs to know he needs to represent conservatives like us," Nash said.
"They would lift her up," she says. "She was leery of being lifted up in the air. And she would never hold her arms straight. Now she holds her arms the way she is supposed to. It is just an incredible transformation."
Oberlin College
"We picked a September date for the great weather," says Inkenbrandt, who is employed at Charles Schwab in database marketing. The day, she says, turned out perfectly, with just enough cloud cover to guarantee their vessel, a wooden-hulled Great Gatsby-esque 61-foot yacht, smooth sailing.
Justin Francis...number 91...he can be that partially forgotten player that makes that play to remember. He can be that player that we credit our 2010-11 season's success to.
"Downside risks to global growth have increased significantly because of rising financial-market ...
Reception in private screenings has been positive, Hsia said.
Data presented Monday at a CDC meeting paint something of a mixed picture of the obesity battle. There's some progress: Clearly, the skyrocketing rises in obesity rates of the 1980s and '90s have ended. But Americans aren't getting thinner.
The maps drawn by lawmakers have but one purpose: to protect House members. Why else would the St. Louis suburbs be sliced and diced into gerrymandered districts that have no semblance of community?
Burlingame is a San Francisco native who was raised in Ohio, where he attended Kent State University. He's the third generation in a family of artists. Since 1996 he has been using a technique involving painting with a squeegee and suspending layers of paint in varnish "to create paintings that harmonize with a high design environment."
Tonge was not driving a vehicle, the alert read.
"Thats the way the script goes, but we need to find ways. We're doing all the work. Weve just got to reap the benefits from it."
Pfeffer cites research showing
2008 Tintero Sori Gramella Moscato d'Asti ($10) Non-wine drinkers might be converted with a glass of this wine, produced from Marco Tintero's grapes grown on limestone cliffs. Lightly spritzy, delicately sweet and surprisingly refreshing, with ripe apricot and lemon blossom aromas and flavors. Perfect to sip poolside or with a nectarine or peach dessert. (Importer: Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant)
439 EDWIN DR $114,000
Another part of grilling outdoors is evident to me, as well as others, too. In the 2011 National Barbecue Poll, the patio and barbecue industry group found that 81 percent of Americans like grilling because it is easier to clean up.
Turner was more than complimentary about the Bulls and wished Rose, who suffered a
Baraona's in Maple Heights. I get strawberry whipped cream cake. They make great cannoli.
"We are looking at places that could be safer from the water and wind," she said, adding that shelters in Morris or Hunterdon counties might be considered.
get a price for a roundtrip ticket from Orlando to Dallas in two weeks. The least expensive available flight in the "Economy Super Saver" category cost $312, but it wasn't immediately clear whether that was one-way or round-trip. Moving to the next screen, I found options for my return flight: The least expensive was $835. Ouch. The third screen generated a subtotal - $1,148 - and then added taxes for a grand total of $1,179.
Only the Cholla branch, 10050 Metro Parkway East, near Metrocenter mall, was nearly as busy, with 324,475 visitors.
Details: Wheat fillers and other gluten tend to hide in candy. For those who love gummy treats, this candy is superb, with a fresh, fruit taste. It is free of gluten, eggs, nuts, soy, alcohol, gelatin, dairy and artificial colors. A plant-based gelatin is used instead of the usual animal or fish gelatin found in most gummy candies, making Goody Good Stuff vegan. There are eight varieties, flavored with concentrates of fruits such as black currant, apple and orange.
During the first quarter of this year, the average rent in metro Denver rose to $952 from last year's first quarter average rent of $911 .
After nearly five years in the U.S. she returned home to Bath in 1911, later deciding to return to the states because her sister who lived in Massachusetts was going to have a baby.
"As a Florida taxpayer, you aren't required to fund houses of worship that you're not affiliated with or that you don't agree with," he said. "I think it's a good protection against religious division in our state. It minimizes the issue of government picking winners and losers among religious groups."
The cause of the three-alarm fire is under investigation. Authorities don't think it's suspicious. There were storms in the area, and a lightning strike is possible, said Clayton Fire Chief Mark Thorp.
The children also created a sketchbook from violet or blue paper that they covered in designs using markers. The idea was so that the children can continue making art all summer.
-- Margo Earley
A woman from Tennessee came across the sack in 2007. According to curator Mary Edna Sullivan: "The buyer searched for a suitable repository for this lost fragment of American history. She settled on Middleton Place because of our name, our history as a plantation and the work we were doing interpreting the history of slavery at Middleton Place." (4300 Ashley River Road; 1-843-556-6020 and
Prices: Appetizers, $2.75-$9.95; sal ads, $3.75-$9.25; pizza, $7.95-$19.95; sandwiches, $7.95-$9.25; en trees, $4.25-$14.95; dessert, $.95-$4.75.
People pushing for tougher immigration laws and enforcement say the heightened fear in immigrant communities is proof that the tide is turning.
The harshest criticism came from Just Russia, a leftist party created by the Kremlin, which has become more critical in recent months as some of its members have joined the anti-Putin protest movement.
She's started a Facebook page and writes in Emma Zen's voice, punctuating her copy with terms like, "Oh My Dog!" and "BOL" (Bark Out Loud). More than 1,000 people follow her posts.
QUESTION: Who do you think will win Sunday's Super Bowl and why?
With the noise growing louder, he opened his front door just as the wind came up. The door handle was pulled from his hand and he dived into the house.
Public employees contribute 10 percent of their salaries, augmented by 14 percent from their employers.
Daily: 505 Win 4: 1499
No. 4 Boston vs. No. 5 Atlanta
Who - St. Clair County Historical Society
"We can't afford to kick the can down the road any longer," he said. "Somebody is going to have to take responsibility to address these issues. That's what the legislation we proposed does."
The desert tortoise is on the endangered species list; handling one is illegal. They live throughout the park, except in steepest areas. Because of especially dry conditions this year they are difficult to spot.
While Thompson's off-the-field responsibilities continue to grow, the ambassador position is also an acknowledgement that his on-field presence is gradually being reduced as the Timbers prepare to join MLS in 2011. Thompson has been replaced as a starter by 24-year-old Quavas Kirk as a defender. Thompson has played in five of the Timbers' first 10 games and it's looks unlikely that he will play in as many games (29) as he did last year.
Producers of the show "Once" announced Monday that a national tour of the show will launch in the summer of 2013. Dates and locations will be revealed later.
The ACLU is seeking a preliminary injunction to block the use of the no-fly list unless the government provides some way for people to contest the listing, Fidanque said.
- Ginger Gibson
The outcome will go a long way towards deciding which party control the Legislature for the next 10 years.
"It was not a dramatic turn," Del Vecchio explained yesterday of the film's final moments - the triple-birth scene scored to a swelling crescendo which drowns out the revelation that Staci has given birth to twins along with the revelation of the doctor's suicide - all obscured by sound and editing issues director Rod Weber was still working to smooth out through the night. Del Vecchio explained The Life Zone is simply the classic straightforward story with a twist.
"We have a very serious challenge ahead of us in this new world we're in of how you govern, of how you are deliberative, how the process can deal with major issues and deliberate and talk it through and debate it in a serious way over time when we're now moving to a society that's all about instantaneous action," he said.
Frieze's expansion is part of the larger trend of art fairs proliferating across the globe, and it's evidence of a shift in the way art is bought and sold. Fairs may be slowly edging out the traditional gallery sales model.
"Last night the people of Iowa spoke with a very clear voice and so I have decided to stand aside," the Minnesota congresswoman told supporters as her husband, family and friends stood at her side. "While I will not be continuing in this race, my faith in the Lord God almighty, this country, and our republic is unshakable."
About 50 people applied when the United Arts job was posted in September, Gonzalez said. Of those, eight were interviewed.
NEW YORK -- Apple made computers sexy. Can it do the same for the musty old dividend?
Rachowicz, who is studying for a master's degree in math at Purdue University-Calumet, said he's having fun with his super PAC. But he's also serious about wanting to spread awareness about them.
The 52-year-old with a booming voice and a historian's touch for spinning a yarn remembers fondly when Gingrich was an obscure Georgia congressman married to a local gal, Marianne Ginther, from just down the road in Leetonia.
In its first major test since an initial public offering in November, the Chicago-based daily deals site reported revenue more than doubled to $506.5 million in the fourth quarter, strengthened by new products, holiday sales and a rise in the rate it takes from merchants.
Before Baileys' Range came into my life, walking several blocks in almost-winter weather for a milkshake was never a priority.
Hayward, at 5-11, 185 pounds, always seemed to be around the ball with the Commodores and covers well in a speed league despite not having top-shelf times himself (he ran a 4.56 at the combine). But teams that play some zone will like how he handles himself while facing the ball.
At about half of the
You have a communal bond here and an entire city that loves you. If you go to L.A., you'll be going to Kobe's team. If you go to New York, you'll be going to Jeter's town. The fans and media in those cities will rip you apart if you miss a free throw that cost their team a championship. In Orlando, we'd just blame it all on Gilbert.
Turkish scientists estimated that up to 1,000 people could already be dead, basing the calculation on low local housing standards and the size of the quake.
Ten stores were remodeled in 2011. Brolick said customers are giving the new look "rave reviews."
"We are grateful for the opportunity that we've each had to have felt the joy that these two small children have brought into our lives in their short lives," family member Kirk Graves said in the funeral's closing prayer.
Smith - the board's president until December, when he stepped down from the leadership post but remained on the board - has been at the center of a controversy over his dual roles as a board member and project coordinator for Glenn Construction Co., which has overseen all of the district's bond-related construction projects for the last 14 years.
(05-02) 19:58 PDT CINCINNATI (AP) --
Nawrocki added, "If I were running the Browns, I'd look for more size at (the quarterback) position.," Nawrocki said. "I would try to convert the offense they're running and go to a more power-base type scheme because that's what is winning now.
Although the Nets had some fascinating flashes in Commack, Island Garden and the Nassau Coliseum, they won entirely too much (two titles) and showcased way too many classy chassis for a budding misanthropist. They became infinitely more appealing as an NBA entry once relocated in Piscataway, where falling asleep at the wheel on return trips to Manhattan was inconceivable in the wake of the nightly enjoyment.
With his help, the county has survived the downturn by cutting costs and with minimal layoffs, Holmes said.
Participants wore black. One protester, who declined to give his name, said he hoped the protest would encourage others to open their opinions, celebrate workers' rights and end capitalism.
The dozens of 41 million-year-old rodent teeth, each smaller than a rice grain, that Case Western Reserve University's Darin Croft and his colleagues painstakingly plucked from a muddy Peruvian stream bank are strikingly similar to those of ancient African rodents. That indicates a shared ancestor.
things. Is it possible to have an obsession about throwing things away? My mother seems bent on removing every item from our home. Every time I went away as a kid, boxes of books and toys would disappear from my room. I resorted to hiding things I wanted to keep.
"I was pretty much at my wit's end," Warren said of her and her husband's quest for a loan to open a Glenwood sports bar. "We knew we had a great idea, but we couldn't quite get the financing together."
But two family friends told officers that Conrad had talked about how much better Karen would be without him and that he had thoughts of suicide. One friend said he asked to borrow $1,700 and expressed concern over financial difficulties.
Kaplan's body still has not been recovered, which "is not that unusual, given the time of year," Staiger added. "We're dealing with cold water, and there aren't many people out and about, boating or fishing. On the Fourth of July, in a crowded area, it would be different."
Fickell said Berry continues to battle a hamstring injury that sidelined him for the last two weeks of camp. He hasn't practiced this week and is questionable for Saturday.
Davis says he works to book "high-quality artists that display nice variety." Upcoming exhibits include quilters, photographers and printmakers. Davis explains that his primary objective is to promote the arts, though he also emphasizes the need to educate patrons to different forms of artistic expression.
On Wednesday, people raised cellphone cameras, walked their dogs and talked about the damage. Bikers stood on the street and children walked by with ice cream while firefighters and business owners surveyed the damage.
The Cougars don't bring back many starters but they have some older guys ready to step into key spots. The offensive line will be made up of four seniors and one junior. Though undersized Lutheran St. Charles will run a zone blocking scheme that Kuhlmann believes will utilize their quickness and grit.
"Chelsey has been such a force for us on both the offensive and defensive ends of the floor and what she brings from a leadership standpoint can't be replaced,'' said coach C. Vivian Stringer in a statement. "We have to rally together as a team and we're going to need contributions from everyone."
The idea became more attractive last month after the redrawing of Congressional districts and resulting moves left GOP incumbent Congressman Scott Garrett without a Democratic challenger.
"Those guys played a lot of minutes," Roy said. "I told Coach, 'If I have to go over mine, let's do it.'"
The question now is how many of the county"s 59 communities will join.
She said that using humor to address weighty topics diffuses anxiety while engaging the corporate world.
A man who was reportedly suicidal has shot himself.
"That is what has taken place at these conferences as we work to make ODOT a better, more efficient agency and cut costs to taxpayers in the process," Faulkner wrote in an email to The Plain Dealer.
Whitmore has been charged with third-degree burglary and third-degree theft, Soriano said. He was taken to the Somerset County jail in lieu of $25,0000 bail.
Armstrong and the director, Michael Mayer, flesh out "American Idiot" with a story of three young friends in the early 21st century who follow different paths. Will (Jake Epstein) makes a home with his pregnant girlfriend but turns into a couch-bound depressive. Tunny (Scott J. Campbell) enlists and is wounded in action. Johnny (Van Hughes) heads for the big city, where he experiments with sex, drugs and maybe love - all the while urged on by a flashy character known as St. Jimmy (Joshua Kobak, in a swaggering performance of pure id in action. It would be fun to see him play Caliban sometime.)
Most of the mall's 70 ArtSpace tenants were recently told they must vacate the premises by the end of February so the mall can go forward with soon-to-be unveiled redevelopment plans. But some of the arts groups will be able to stay put because they are being incorporated into the mall's makeover.
A handful of frantic parents rushed to the school after hearing about the shooting on the news. They paced nervously as they waited behind police tapes for word from their children.
In 1999, furthermore, the Florida Supreme Court ruled that a woman attacked by her husband in the home they share has no duty to flee.
Even as a message over the loudspeaker warned of a 4 p.m. shut down, Belowsky, 38, wasn't moving from his spot at a penny slot machine.
The only thing the holder and the kicker will have to deal with is the noise. But then again, after a season listening to Weatherford, at least Tynes thrives in the company of loud voices.
So what now?
714 SUGAR GLEN $104,000
It was the scene of Masaood and Kane's first victory. The teammates have been racing in the series for less than four months, competing in just five races. But Saturday Masaood had the good fortune to be ahead of a pile-up on the first lap in the first turn, and that set the stage for Kane's steady drive to the finish. It was the Dyson Team's first 1-2 finish since 2005.
Happy hours: 3-6 p.m. Mondays-Fridays
The Gilchrist family sold the property and mill in 1991 to Crown Pacific, which liquidated the forest to pay debt and eventually entered bankruptcy in 2003. The forest was heavily logged in the early 1990s, and is now stocked mainly with Ponderosa and lodgepole pines about 20 years old.
"Students deserve more of a voice in how their educations are funded, said Nicole Buffington," a Rutgers senior political science major from Virginia.
"Do you want to know about a direct connection between the Islamic Center and Shariah law, a.k.a. terrorism?" Brandon asked one witness in a typical line of questioning.
Political experts say McCain is politicking - and although the maneuvering is not pretty and may turn off some former fans, he actually may save his political life in a challenging environment.
She has printed out the list and likes the feeling of crossing things off, even though she thinks it's overkill. "The love part of you wants them to have every single thing they might need, but if you think about it in a more cognitive way, running out of something can be a learning experience for them," she said. "In the meantime, I got the isotonic 2-inch foam memory pad. He must be comfortable!"
The market, with roots going back to the early 1980s, has been a fixture on Watson Road since 1995. Its former owner, Tessa Greenspan, who got her start running a produce stand in the 1970s, sold it to the Missouri Farmers Union in 2008.
The measure approved Wednesday by the House would redirect casino fees that currently go to early childhood education to instead go to veterans' homes. Early childhood programs then would be funded with money from Missouri's share of a nationwide settlement with tobacco companies.
Bachmann said she will return to Congress to be the same outspoken voice for conservative family values she always has been.
Wessels may have sensed the race could grow in a hurry, which could be why he hastily announced his candidacy on Saturday.
The alliance includes the companies that own the Borgata, the three Trump casinos, the four Harrah's Entertainment casinos and the Tropicana.
Help for vets: Military veterans in Warren can learn about benefits and programs during an event 10 a.m.-1 p.m. Tuesday at Owen Jax Recreation Center, 8207 E. Nine Mile Road in Warren.
The seventh-seeded Capitals, on the other hand, face the prospect of having to win a third game in Boston to advance to the second round.
WASHINGTON -- The number of people applying for unemployment benefits barely rose last week, offering some hope that the job market may be improving. But claims need to fall further to bring down the 9.6 percent unemployment rate.
The trend in St. Louis is the opposite of what's happening nationally. According to the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools, an increasing percentage of students are attending charter schools operated by management companies.
On Saturday, Palin stumped for Brewer in Phoenix, declaring, "We're all Arizonans now."
Missouri has graduated offenses keyed by ages; Illinois has no such provision.
"There is an outside chance, I don't know how great that chance is," Rambis said. "Obviously, with hamstring or groin injuries, you want to be cautious with them because they can linger for a long period of time, and we don't want that to happen with Kevin."
As late as his senior season at Rockford (Ill.) Boylan High, Dimke thought he'd be kicking a soccer ball not a football in college. But then he booted a state playoff record 54-yard field goal against Lake Zurich.
The story of what had happened to Trayvon Martin in Florida was just heating up so I found myself thinking about that, and my own personal experiences, in light of their acceptance of me.
OK, no, just teasing.
Chrisman was charged with second-degree murder, aggravated assault and animal cruelty following the Oct. 5 shooting of 29-year-old Danny Frank Rodriquez at a south Phoenix trailer park. The officer, who has pleaded not guilty, is also accused of pointing a gun to Rodriguez's head and killing his dog prior to the fatal shooting.
She announced in February she would run for re-election, saying she wanted to avoid the appearance she was bowing out under pressure and pointing out she's not been criminally charged.
Baalke said he thought there was a good chance the 49ers would land Jenkins, but he wasn't as confident as his envelope prediction Wednesday suggests.
FlyersRights has become one of the most vocal champions of a "passengers' rights bill" for airline travelers.
The committee backed the new missile defense site, rejected the Pentagon's call for a cost-saving round of domestic base closures and turned aside the Navy's plans to retire three of four cruisers. It opposed new increases in health care fees for working-age military retirees even though the Pentagon says health care costs have become prohibitively expensive. It also rejected the Air Force's plan to mothball 18 Global Hawk unmanned aircraft.
"My motivation in all of this is I could not lose another sibling," she said, referring to a sister who died of an illness. "He's not only my brother. He is my best friend."
It doesn't appear the show lacked fun.
158 Avalon Ridge Circle, $345,000
Pause and reflect. It sounds nice. Just not this year.
The effort shows me that measuring something doesn't make it any easier to manage. But I'm going to maintain and use the audits to better inform our work moving forward.
Frank has said he'll wait for a recommendation from the advisory committee before making his decision, which likely won't come before this fall.
I met up with my guide here. Now, I use the term "guide" loosely and, in order to protect his identity, I will protect his identity. I hesitate to put details in print for fear of, well, just for fear. Remember that many Americans don't possess the same DNA as us in the humor department.
"The color palette for the entire garden is going to be a symphony of silvers, blues, purples and ivories, with dashes of yellow and splashes of reds," says Ms. Marglin.
Kruger provided the training to all bureau command staff, including sergeants, lieutenants and commanders. Two weeks ago, he also provided the training to North Precinct staff.
Prosecutors are trying to build off testimony last week from Nicholas Zavarella, president of Zavarella Brothers Construction. He said his company built a $13,000 retaining wall for a pool Dimora put in his back yard.
Mackay's Moral: Sanctions rarely speed democracy, especially when a regime has already begun to tilt in our direction.
"Our mistakes we weren't able to overcome. Their high-level play, we weren't able to overcome either," Carlisle said. "It's really tough to go down 0-3. We're going to keep fighting."
"We are so fortunate to have the showroom we have with Ford right now," Ken Czubay, Ford's vice president of U.S. sales, said Tuesday during a conference call with reporters and analysts. "Fiesta, Focus, Fusion, Escape. It's an ideal position."
Obama said during the 2008 presidential campaign that it was "entirely appropriate" for states to legalize the medical use of marijuana "with the same controls as other drugs prescribed by doctors." Americans for Safe Access says the president's actions haven't matched his words.
The difference is that Romney lost four years ago, finishing second behind the eventual nominee, Arizona Sen. John McCain. Because he lost the last time, the thinking goes, a win for Romney would mean something this time.
Beavers, who's facing federal tax-evasion charges, said Monday afternoon that the fund-raiser was moved to The Crystal Gardens ballroom to accommodate the large crowd expected at the $125-a-ticket event.
"These artists are natural athletes by design," he said.
"Hollywood was a long-shot, like making it to the majors," said Faiola. "And this is a very, very big bummer."
Repeat winners receive a visit from the T-shirt repo man.
Swamp Soccer
Kuni's guilty plea today was protracted because he wouldn't admit to everything he was accused of doing. It took Hillman some weighing before accepting the deal in which Kuni pleaded guilty to four counts out of the 13 initial charges.
People who saw the recent production of "Bring It On!" at the Fox Theatre got a taste of how LED screens work. For example, the mirrors and pictures that decorated the teen heroine's bedroom weren't painted on, but displayed on LED screens.
David was awed by her composure. In that sterile examination room, the CEO, the talkative promoter, fumbled for words.
As the junior radioman - he was just 22 - Bride had the night shift. It was just after midnight, April 15, 1912, and he was telling Phillips to go to bed, when the captain stuck his head into the wireless room.
It now sits on the top shelf of a lighted curio cabinet Hazell picked out at Ikea in suburban Pittsburgh late one Friday night to have displayed in time for a weekend of on-campus recruiting visits.
At the time, Leonard reacted strongly to Ball's allegations: "As long as I've been doing this stuff, and keep in mind that I started in union politics, I've never felt so dirty. I've told Bob, 'You're not running for mayor. You're not running for City Council. You're done.' "
2 p.m. Ford EcoBoost 300 practice, Speed
In any case, all of these fun facts and trivial details don't help me settle my personal mystery: was there ever a St. Louis-bound last train from Clarksville event? It's no fun being reminded of another cool party that I missed, but it would be reassuring to know I didn't dream up the whole thing.
In 2007, Mann challenged the county's valuation of the properties. The county will not foreclose on a property while a tax-value challenge is pending before the Board of Revision. Last year, the board lowered the value of Mann's buildings. Cuyahoga County Treasurer Jim Rokakis recently initiated foreclosure proceedings on two of the properties.
Feeney said a recommendation will be made next month, either at a special meeting or at the regular monthly board meeting on May 24.
Well, almost everyone. Spielberg says he doesn't give much thought to such things, but he was willing to give it a shot:
Were they disappointed that -- in a play commissioned for the four of them -- they don't get to play off one another's skills and energy onstage?
So, if there's a way to work together and stop throwing chili-ladlers in jail, amen.
In that role, Burton worked on adult education, a degree-completion program, professional development courses and expanding the university's online classes.
It took effect on Jan. 1, but it applies to the 2012-13 school year.
Robert Trowbridge - Parkway Central
The 1979 Soviet invasion of Afghanistan upended what could have been a life of ease for the man in his early 20s.
Under the new approach, the Fed would print new money to buy long-term mortgage or Treasury bonds but effectively tie up that money by borrowing it back for short periods at low rates. The aim of such an approach would be to relieve anxieties that money printing could fuel inflation later, a fear widely expressed by critics of the Fed's previous efforts to aid the recovery.
"My heart was pounding when I heard the plane had lost contact," he said. "It's unbelievable. How could such a sophisticated plane go missing and crash?"
Up 18 in the second period, the Celtics saw the Heat rally to within one point early in the fourth quarter.
When Michael Annandono, chef-owner of Michaelangelo's restaurant in Little Italy, recently offered to demonstrate how to make those succulent homemade pasta pillows, he said it was a family affair. Sure enough, when this reporter and Plain Dealer photographer Lisa DeJong arrived to observe, the house was bursting with activity.
The Trojans are expected to be improved with the return of 7-footer Dewayne Dedmon and point guard Jio Fontan from knee injuries and forward Aaron Fuller from a shoulder injury.
This week, state Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg, D-Sacramento, who has been closely involved in the negotiations, said that talks continue but that he isn't optimistic about its chances.
The law firm of Gust Rosenfeld, one of the state's largest bond-attorney firms, challenged the law's constitutionality on the grounds it was special legislation. The law firm would not support or legally clear the bonds for sale.
So it's welcome news that OHSU decided last week to proceed with its plans to spend $70 million to expand the South Waterfront campus. While such an expansion has long been envisioned, the vision was dimmed by market forces that left the area unfinished.
Will Faxon go out and sneak a peek at his boyhood heroes?
By 11:45 a.m. Wednesday, six people had a net stretched under the animal, and a wildlife official shot a tranquilizing dart. Within five minutes the bear slumped on the branch, then slid off into the net.
Brian Cary, corporate economist with power and water provider Salt River Project, said that investing in human capital by adding education, training, knowledge and skills is essential.
The financial boosts should help Jersey Fresh, which has had a decline in entries with the popularity of the Bromont, Canada, event in close proximity on the competition
"We are going to be closer to that balance than we have ever been because we also have our returning rusher back. (Lobb) didn't play the 10th game or he would have been a 1,000-yard rusher, so we have a lot of balance and a lot of options on offense."
Others aren't buying that Big Oil can be scared away by being made to pay taxes and fees.
Itzcoatl "Izzy" Ocampo, 23, a Marine Iraq war veteran, is charged with the unprovoked stabbing deaths of four homeless men in north Orange County in December and January and the stabbing deaths of a Yorba Linda woman and her adult son in a puzzling Oct. 25, 2011, attack that was initially blamed on the woman's youngest son.
"But I hardly touched the first two songs on the new album," White continued. "They sound what they sounded like when I walked out of the studio after Ollabelle and Joe Pernice were done. That was a surprise. I kept thinking, well, let me fiddle with them, and then I would listen to them and couldn't find anywhere to fiddle, which is weird for me. I think part of it is, and I hate to say it, maturity. It's like growing up and letting things be the way they are instead of having to stamp your name or your identity all over them."
lawsuit that her supervising sergeant sexually harassed her in various ways - including an email to her and other department employees with a mock "wanted" flier with her picture and comments about her body.
One of those assists was flung back over his head from near the Binghamton basket to a breaking Ricardo Ratliffe in stride for a dunk.
Phones are especially dominant in the developing world, where very few consumers have personal computers or wired Internet access. Just about everyone has some type of mobile phone and we're seeing an explosion in smartphone penetration. Texting is far more common than email and people typically use their phone to access the Internet.
Challenge your palate with the porcine pleasure of the chilindrina: A large crispy shell of whole wheat flour is topped with a chilled mixture of cabbage, tomatoes, sour cream or mayonnaise, a sprinkling of cheese and strips of light, chewy pickled pork skins.
When the colonel was 91, he made the last of several visits to Sweden, his mother's homeland.
It recommends creating job-training programs in broadband businesses, more support for black students to improve college graduation rates and introducing concepts related to using broadband technology earlier in education curricula.
May 07, 2012 06:56 PM EDT
The potential profits did little to ease some fans' grumbling about the licenses.
GOING
That's essentially the number of floors left to lease at Towson City Center, the landmark 12-story building on York Road near the Towson roundabout that is being revived from its previous life as Towson's Investment Building.
Despite the tough tone of the letter, organizers with the Bus Riders Union were disappointed by Rogoff's decision and said Metro has violated the law and should be held accountable.
The merger dance in recent weeks accelerated with reports that United and US Airways were in negotiations. But United reportedly preferred connecting with Continental, and on Thursday, US Airways announced it was dropping out of talks.
Molina will be 30 in July and this season, barring injury, he'll be getting close to 9,000 career innings behind the plate. Keep in mind, however, that Ivan Rodriguez kept playing at an All-Star level until age 34-35 and now has more than 20,000 innings behind the plate in his career. The point to remember is that it's not a guarantee that Molina will be on the decline soon. It's just that age and workload are factors to consider with catchers as they enter their 30s.
Median household income: $71,737
The Ohio Girls Golf Foundation will host "Diamonds in the Rough" July 17-18 at Avon Oaks C.C. in Avon. Select girls will play on July 17 in a nine-hole scramble, followed by a scholarship reception. All golfers will participate July 18 in an 18-hole tournament with prizes awarded for best team and top individuals. Register by July 1. All female high school players, including seniors who have just graduated and incoming freshmen, are eligible to participate. For more information, visit www.oggf.org to download a registration form or contact Judd Stephenson at juddstephenson@yahoo.com, or 440-871-4638.
Their clever gimmick: A new law that would ban anyone without a college degree from serving on the Public Service Commission in the future.
The team: Chef-owner Daniel Patterson, formerly the executive chef of San Francisco's Frisson and before that, the now-closed Elisabeth Daniel, executes his vision of multiple aromas and flavors often derived from infused oils.
One ad, titled "Success," shows Obama talking about his decision to extend federal help to the auto makers. Another ad, titled "Brian from Ohio," features an auto worker who was laid off, then rehired after the bailout. A third ad, "Reverse," charts job losses in the months before Obama took office in January 2009 and the modest job growth that has taken place since then.
Earlier in the day, dozens of students, professional workers and the unemployed gathered at the Free Stamp on Lakeside Avenue, some chanting while others communicated their message over a shared bullhorn or on makeshift signs.
Sugameli said the turnaround is striking, considering that the senators are preventing a hearing, much less a filibuster.
In a fairly lengthy interview on CNN two days later, Kiran Chetry managed to ask Bachmann not a single substantive question, boring in instead on Bachmann's "misstatements" and the "flake" flap.
"Our plan was to establish the firm as a presence in modern residential architecture," said Roehr, co-owner of RoehrSchmitt Architecture in Minneapolis. "My home would demonstrate that it was doable in an urban area."
MASSACHUSETTS: More than 500,000 without power. Delays on commuter rail into Boston. Dozens of school districts cancel classes; many communities call off Halloween trick-or-treating because of downed power lines.
What I failed to note was the mountainous nature of our mileslong riverside route. As the afternoon wore on, we fell quiet, then alarmed, not because we couldn't handle the terrain, but because one in our party has a blood-sugar imbalance and our food and water were gone.
BRADY LAKE
According to court documents, Buttrey worked for MSD between May
Hey, Tony: Since watching another dismal performance by Colt McCoy against Seattle, I can't stop thinking about Andrew Luck implications in the next draft. What if the Colts or the Rams end up getting him? What happens to Peyton Manning or Sam Bradford, or to be more precise, is there a chance that the Browns somehow trade for one of them? -- Miroslav Stefanovic, Serbia
Cinco de Mayo Salsa Festival
Ohio faces an $8 billion deficit, and the governor, whose budget proposal is due Tuesday, promised major changes -- but no tax hikes.
Codey was first approached by one of the founding mothers of the school, who sought his intervention with the state. Meeting at the Statehouse with the school's leaders and an aide to state Education Commissioner Lucille Davy, Codey presses the state to revisit the school's application.
Bennett Lane's staff provides one-on-one attention and detailed information about the wines poured, including recipe and pairing suggestions. Flights of four to five wines, including their Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon, Maximus red blend and Maximus white blend, are $10. Tours and a custom blending experience for groups are available with advance reservations.
Holt and Ayres were both charged with possessing marijuana and conspiracy to possess marijuana with intent to distribute 25 pounds or more, both first-degree crimes, Bianchi said.
He also has a jump on other rookie quarterbacks in the West Coast scheme, run by most of the teams interested in him.
Steel Dynamics is headquartered in Fort Wayne and has operations in 19 Indiana communities, including Indianapolis, Columbia City, Butler, Pittsboro and Jeffersonville, with 3,100 workers in the state.
You say that every member of your family has to be in the military, but is your daughter? And if not, I hope you don't judge her as harshly as you judge prospective (and future) family members.
Senate President Stephen Sweeney (D-Gloucester) said the caps have helped cut average annual increases from the 7 percent range. But while "there has to be a little bit of flexibility" for dire circumstances, he said, the waivers are ripe for a "second look."
Starting: $32,900
A nor'easter buried parts of the Northeast in up to 2 feet of snow Saturday. There was far less snow than that in New York, but it quickly turned to a miserably cold and wet slush. At least a few protesters left.
Said Elson of the University of Delaware: "The question is: Does the technology being produced by these folks create ultimate, long-term value for the organization? Where it does, people should be rewarded."
"The all new Dodge Dart is a revolutionary car," Bigland said. "This car will bring forth the best of European engineering and Dodge dynamics."
The late 1990s subsidy deal -- struck before he was on the council -- was indicative of a more risk-taking era, he said.
Paul Cosgrove of the American Forest and Paper Association, a national trade association for forest product companies, said the group is ready to discuss the fee idea. He's concerned about local job losses tied to a possible declining demand for paper bags.
He spoke to reporters from his office on the 26th floor of the McNamara Federal Building in downtown Detroit. The office looks out on the Detroit River, as well as southwest Detroit, where Arena grew up.
"Nothing changes," says Al-Qudaihi, 27, who works in information-technology consulting for a public university. "Just the date."
"It's one of the things we recognize is going to be on the table," Kerr said.
"I have to look in his eyes," Mohammed el-Sioufi said at his mosque. "I know him. I met him. He was here."
Yet, when he's in the woods pursuing turkeys this spring, Stortz, 65, will lure love-sick toms with very non-traditional calls -- unique hand-carved and painted wooden turtle shell calls he crafts at his home near Montrose, Minn., just west of the Twin Cities.
The visual focus at Viks is the counter, where you place your order -- the cashiers are helpful describing dishes -- and an open kitchen buzzing with cooks.
Phillips, graduate of the Paul VI High School Class of 2008, was killed in December when his car went into Newton Lake in Collingswood. Phillips, 21, was a resident of Oaklyn and was attending Rutgers University in Camden.
Labor organizations are helping out. The AFL-CIO set up a bank account for Occupy Detroit to help the group receive donations. Workers from plumbing and electrical unions donated their time and money to spruce up the place -- putting in new toilets and bathrooms. And some unions donated money to the movement.
The boards are legally required to represent agriculture, commerce, industry, services, labor and consumer groups.
CitiMortgage spokesman Mark Rogers said legal restrictions kept him from discussing Lewis' situation.
Such a provision hardly satisfies the likes of Frank Quirarte or Doug Acton, photographers who have skillfully executed countless rescues over the years, or the many surfers who have bailed out tow-partners in trouble. They've had their training, in some of the most horrific conditions imaginable. In the wake of Trette's near-death experience, "I'm hoping NOAA will loosen up its stance," said Quirarte, "and be more receptive to a qualified, organized volunteer rescue team when Mavericks breaks."
"With the way we're playing now, we haven't even played our best ball yet," senior left fielder Talor Haro said. "We don't play at our peak until the postseason, so I'm just excited for what this team is going to do and how much better we're going to get."
HIGHLIGHTS: Franklin becomes the first female inductee, although she's a no-show. Bruce Springsteen inducts Orbison. "For me, Roy's ballads were always best when you were alone and in the dark," the Boss says. During the jam, Diddley and King join forces with Chuck Berry and Keith Richards on "Roll Over Beethoven." In attendance are Ohio Gov. Richard Celeste and 80 VIPs from Cleveland, which has dibs on the Rock Hall. "Any city that united like Cleveland did should have it," Perkins says. "It's in great hands."
Not bad for a player who is just scratching the surface at his position and who was not allowed by his mother to play football until he was a freshman in high school.
"Over time, he's built value for sponsors that wanted to invest in the schools he's with," said North Carolina athletic director Bubba Cunningham, a close friend of Teague's. "He connects well with people, so donors want to support the programs and ideas he has to make the school successful."
Recent cases involving young Hoosiers accused of murder in the metropolitan area don't offer any clear pattern on the part of prosecutors and judges in dealing with them.
1 tablespoon harissa (red chili) paste
The Liberty's rollover rating is three stars, a score more commonly associated with heavy-duty and/or off-road SUVs. Crossovers overwhelmingly score four stars, indicating a lower likelihood of rollover.
"We would get a bag of things that showed up at my desk sometimes," all anonymous, Hajzak said.
Shoun said the region's "tremendous industry base" and rapid growth make the location attractive. Wentzville's General Motors assembly plant is nearby, employing 1,300 workers. GM is considering expanding the plant and adding a second shift of workers by 2014.
3. Grohl to make rock doc
Surely, Gov. John Kasich and Ohio lawmakers can find more balanced ways to entice and/or punish school districts that don't innovate, merge services or otherwise get their spending in check than a hammer-hit of draconian reductions and broken promises. The economic future is grim if Ohio can't bootstrap up the basics of education by finding ways to energize big urban schools along with charters and suburban districts.
He said Johnson County was entitled to another district because of its population increases over the past decade.
The commission's primary purpose is to allow Congress to crawl into its bunker for a while longer, so as to avoid its constitutional duty to choose which government activities to throw away and which to keep.
The St. Louis University High water polo coach didn't know what to change, what to fix or what to say. His Junior Billikens spent the first half of Friday's game in a slugfest with host Lindbergh and found themselves trailing by a goal.
"The person requesting an inspection required by the code shall provide access to and means for inspection of the work."
State Senators Loretta Weinberg (D-Bergen), who was also on hand, said the legislation would be based on measures she introduced in 2007, which failed to advance.
Wildlife biologists use big nets to grab some of the birds. Others they carefully herd into pens by walking or riding a kayak alongside them in the lagoons.
Costco's revenue at stores open at least a year climbed 12 percent in April. Analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters predicted an 8.9 percent increase.
According to the trustworthy King, this is what Goodell told Williams, and it obviously was intended to motivate Williams to do the right thing to gain reinstatement:
Herr said he bought seven investment properties for $3.5 million through Prieskorn's operation and that his credit was destroyed.
"Out of Oz" is the final book in the series, and in it we meet Rain, Liir's daughter, born as green as her grandmother Elphaba. For her own protection, she's been growing up in ignorance of her parentage and with her skin under a disguise spell, serving as a member of Glinda's household staff. Calling her an odd child is an understatement, and one has to be really different in Oz to qualify as "odd."
Many players have talked about the chemistry that's developed this season, and point to Cain as a reason for that. But the bottom line is this: These guys love being around each other and that's going to help lead to wins. No one wants to leave the dugout, everyone wants to stay and hang out with each other. Tough to mimic that type of camaraderie. Onto the links:
Applications in Hennepin County for permits to carry a gun in public are coming in at a furious pace this year and should easily set an annual record, authorities said Monday.
"I never want to look at a guy in another situation and try to directly compare him to myself because his situation is different," said Robiskie. "Like coach said, 'It's a matter of making the most of your opportunities.' If I have an opportunity, I have to try to capitalize on it."
The regime might also be reluctant to move forward for fear of losing control.
Christopher David Eggers, Margaret Ann Ford, Forrest Boecker Hughes.
Merzbacher worked at three other schools in Baltimore County and city before Catholic Community, which was shuttered in 2009, and dozens of people have reportedly said they had experiences similar to Murphy's. At least 40 people came forward in the 1990s, the civil attorney told media at the time.
The owners of the Sharks gave general manager Doug Wilson a vote of confidence to make changes after a disappointing early playoff exit.
The cathedral's board of directors has denied offers from local theater companies and even from family members of the megachurch's founder, Robert H. Schuller, to stage the traditional Christmas pageant this year. The cathedral, for the first time, canceled its "Glory of Easter" pageant in April.
One of the other Imperials noted that Cleveland is the home of rock 'n' roll and volunteered that the ceremony should always be here.
Time Warner Inc.'s earnings fell 11% in the first quarter as higher revenue from television networks was offset by weakness in magazine publishing and a charge related to the closure of a TV network in India.
In an interview, Holman said the red-light case was resolved with the knowledge of a judge. She said attorneys on the cases in question had asked her to recall warrants and that she complied - as other clerks regularly did. The attorneys, when questioned by officials, disputed that.
Brandon Beck had been a starting varsity football player at Chandler High School and a star baseball pitcher for his club team. His mom, a former Tempe police officer, and his stepdad, a current Phoenix police officer, doted on him.
U.S. investigators said Abdulmutallab told them he received training and instructions from al-Qaida operatives in Yemen.
Mouthy? Maybe. Dangerous? Not likely.
So last year's vaccine may offer you some protection this year, Congeni says, but it's unlikely you'll be fully protected.
I've seen many housing forecasts over the years, and they've frequently proved too optimistic. A "prices are heading up" prediction will presumably end up being validated by events at some point, but when that point will be -- well, lots of debate about that.
"It's a little bit of a difficult situation that it puts everybody in," Harvick said. "It's just easier not to be" involved."
Washington Redskins (5-11)
For example, Parma Superintendent Sarah Zatik said her school district could ill afford raising payments for retirees. The largest suburban system in the Cleveland area has cut $6.5 million from its $150 million budget and slashed 50 high school teachers after voters rejected four tax-increase requests in a row, most recently in November.
Justin Becker came of the bench in the quarter for Central and dropped in six points during the run.
Prosecutors charged Abraham Hade with murder, with gang and deadly weapon enhancements, in the slaying of 18-year-old Osana Futi over the weekend at a party in Fremont. Three male juveniles also were arrested on suspicion of being accessories to the crime, police said.
9. Georgia (3-0)
Zhanna Saparova's classes have performed at the 18th Street Fashion Show, but the appearances this weekend are inspired by the Feria de Sevilla or Feria del Abril when Andalusian culture is celebrated in an April festival.
Until about five years ago, when people asked about my most memorable meal, I'd mention Fredy Girardet in Crissier, Switzerland, who retired in 1996. Then in December 2004 my answer switched to the French Laundry.
On Sept. 16 and 17, Robertson and the orchestra get down to business and begin their seasonlong focus on dance with two of Stravinsky's best-known ballet scores ("Petrushka," "The Rite of Spring") and one receiving its SLSO debut, the neoclassical "Les Noces." It's a fascinating work scored for soprano, alto, tenor and bass soloists, mixed chorus, percussion and four pianos.
"In a heat- and smoke-filled environment where you can't see, if I go down my partner may not know it," Schonlau said of the inactivity alarm system.
In 2010, Buck Consultants donated $600 in the election for county executive. However, that cash did not go to Dooley, a Democrat, but to his Republican opponent, Bill Corrigan. Seitman gave to neither candidate.
Eric Weissmann, R-Boulder
Campers will find plenty of isolated spots in the pines to pitch tents before heading into the canyon. Along the rim you'll find other challenging trails that pass through microclimates abundant with thick foliage but sparse in company.
At about this point in the meeting, according to Mr. Williams's attorney, Scott Bickford, all other employees were asked to leave the room so that Messrs. Vidrine and Harrell could talk in private. Mr. Williams's statement doesn't include a reference to asking others to leave.
Humber's wife Kristan is expecting the couple's first child on May 8.
Maryland is facing a budget gap of more than $1 billion that lawmakers need to resolve before they adjourn in April. As worthwhile as it might be in flush economic times to help lower income Marylanders to buy homes, legislators need to question whether that is something the state can now afford to do. Del. Brian McHale has it right when he suggests that the state should consider limiting the program to those who have owned their homes for a minimum amount of time. Given the lingering effects of the recession, there are plenty of people who qualify under the original intent of the program. The state should be focusing its limited resources on making sure as many of them get help as possible, not on helping people to buy more expensive homes than they otherwise could afford.
Northwest Christian graduated three of the 2010 team's best players but the 2011 version hardly skipped a beat. Northwest Christian went 28-10 overall after facing good competition in its power-point matches as well as in the Goodyear Estrella Foothills tournament, the Phoenix Goldwater tournament and the Nike Tournament of Champions in Chandler. That helped the team prepare for the Division IV tournament where it beat Chandler Valley Christian in the semifinals in four games then top-seeded Thatcher in the title match in five games.
In the meantime, some other issues worth knowing.
Restaurant
Where: Rockwood Music Hall, 196 Allen St., New York
It's said that you can judge a man by the quality of his enemies. If the same principle applies to legislation, the Affordable Care Act - which was signed into law two years ago, but for the most part has yet to take effect - sits in a place of high honor.
The new charges are "very disappointing," said Robert Haar, an attorney for Steffen. They offered more details about the transactions, he said, but don't change the facts, and he predicted they would meet the same fate as the first set.
Wiggers agrees. "How can you build a new audience if you don't show them what you can do first?"
The two-story house this year features wood floors and elaborate stone and brick both inside and out, including an 18-foot-tall interior fireplace. "It's a quality build because we have time to do it," Blattner said. "There are a lot of things we take down because it wasn't done right."
When Fry was 18, his grandmother convinced a judge that he was unable to care for himself or make responsible decisions and was granted limited conservatorship, including the right to enter into contacts on his behalf.
The soft-spoken McDonald insists he's not trying to bowl batters over. His preference would be to induce opponents to make contact early and rely on his defense but allows "if I need a strikeout, I can go get one."
The superstar mare's owners, Jerry and Ann Moss, announced on Facebook and Twitter Tuesday that an ultrasound showed Zenyatta in foal after being bred to Tapit. Tapit is the sire of 2011 juvenile champion Hansen, who finished ninth in Saturday's Kentucky Derby just like his father did in the 2004 race.
*That's assuming, of course, that he was actually Patricius/Padraig, rather than the fifth-century bishop Palladius, from whom many of the stories about Patrick appear to derive.
Police have good reason to want to know what to expect when protesters take to the streets. Many big cities, such as Seattle in 1999, Cincinnati in 2001 and Toledo in 2005, have seen protests turned into violent, destructive riots. Intelligence from undercover officers gives police an idea of what to expect and lets them plan accordingly.
when he's with us, but being able to win without him makes us realize that we don't have to rely on him to do it all,'' Silver said. "And once Keith is healthy again, we should be that much stronger.''
Amid the mourning, villagers in the Panjwayi district of Kandahar province recounted a harrowing ordeal of huddling in darkened rooms early Sunday, only to learn that the fate of some would be far worse than detention.
"This is a one-of-a-kind opportunity because it brings in a lot of international participants as well as the domestic participants," said Sohn, from the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology.
Welke told a pool reporter afterward that he saw the replay and confirmed it did hit Gonzalez.
Despite the blitz of gunfire, DeMaio noted shootings and homicides have decreased since he implemented his Safe City initiative, a summer anti-violence program, on June 1. There have been more homicides to date in 2011 than there were last year, but the number of killings since June 1 has dipped, he said.
Another tool I use frequently is a ceramic-blade slicer from Kyocera. It makes perfect, paper-thin slices that I love for a cucumber salad. Mostly I use it to slice onions that I can practically see through.
"We plan to honor the past with the American Legion and make the library relevant for the future," Rhodes said.
Armstead, 6-foot-8, 295 pounds (give or take a dozen) is expected to arrive March 31, according to his father, Guss Armstead. Spring football practices begins April 3.
Mike McCall played just 18 minutes, his fewest since early January, as Jett got the minutes at the other guard spot. I kept thinking that late in the game, Majerus would bring in McCall for his ballhandling and free throw shooting as SLU tried to run out the clock, but it didn't happen. McCall was 0 for the game.
Nate Florea, T.C.A. 43-50 - 93
Lake earned the season's highest score yet for her rumba. She said the dance symbolized finding love again after a painful divorce, and judges rewarded the routine Monday with 27 points out of 30.
"To his fans I would say this ... I gotta take the personalities out of it and make the best decision for the Denver Broncos, and without a doubt in my mind this is the best decision for the Denver Broncos."
"We are trying to make this change very dramatic," Glazer said. "As long as there are multiple choices out there, the retailers are in a little bit of a holding pattern until they know where everybody lands."
Congress created the National Day of Prayer in 1952, writing it into the U.S. Code alongside dozens of other official "Patriotic and National Observances." In the code, but not on the calendar, it falls between National Aviation Day and National Defense Transportation Day.
The British minister acknowledged that from mid-January British diplomats had also become aware of rumors over the circumstances around Heywood's death. Hague said he was informed of the suspicions on Feb. 7, a day after Chongqing's former chief of police, Wang Lijun, visited the U.S. consulate on Feb. 6 to raise concerns about the case.
Kronwall scored 50 seconds into the second period.
Some economists familiar with the plan believe it could move the needle on unemployment over the next few months.
ArcelorMittal board member Sudhir Maheshwari said the deal gave the company its first major manufacturing presence in India and "will be an important component of our overall strategy for India, a country where ArcelorMittal aspires to become an integrated producer of the highest quality steel."
RE: (interrupting) I have a cellphone. I call my staff on my cellphone. That's the answer.
King's shorts have played festivals from Kentucky to the Caribbean, winning awards along the way. Kelly Nixon, lead actress in "Rachel," was named best actress at New York City's Vision Fest in 2008, topping a field otherwise composed of actresses from feature-length movies. (Mira Sorvino won the year before.)
All the players would not only play on the team, but they would work at Lingo's dog kennels in Ohio. Since LaRue did not even have a football field, the Indians were mostly a traveling squad. By this point, Lingo's dog kennel had expanded into a large mail-order business, selling dogs for over $100 apiece (an exorbitant amount of money at the time. To put it into perspective, note that the franchise fee for an NFL team was just $100). So the Indians worked as a traveling advertisement for his mail-order business. It was only at Thorpe's insistence that the men be given an occasional break that Lingo agreed to have the occasional "home" game (since LaRue did not have a field, they had to play in nearby Marion, Ohio).
Kudla, who has an athletic scholarship, said she looked at a number of colleges, wanting strong academics, but was unsure if she would play field hockey or lacrosse.
Sources said that if offered, Bowlsby would likely accept.
Just stick with the original. When something is so simple and works so well, there's no need to complicate it.
When was MIEMSS formed and what are its responsibilities now?
He had struggled with diabetes, prostate cancer and a recent blood clot, but never retired. While Huron was closing this year, he transferred to Euclid Hospital.
Netanyahu signaled that his decision would be based solely on strategic interests.
Scientists have identified a new species of leopard frog in New York City and surrounding areas.
Chen's dramatic escape from house arrest and his flight to the U.S. Embassy have already made him a symbol of resistance to China's shackles on dissent, and the deal struck between Washington and Beijing to have him remain in China will ensure he stays an international test case of how tight or loose those shackles remain.
"It's an obvious question. Distance, distance, will he get the distance? That's what everybody's wondering," Martinez said.
Celestial events that only come around once every few years make a perfectly good excuse to travel. When one of the best spots for viewing said event is in Hawaii, you probably don't need much more coaxing.
Fifth grade: Emily Anderson, Haley Branson, Gerald Cockrum, Brianna Delacruz, Blake Fourcault, Brianna Gibson, Sydney Glasgow, Alex Gray, Matthew Greenwell, Uriyah Haynes, Emily Johnson, Myron McCoy, Alondra Miramar, Rebecca Osorio, Samantha Parks, Demond Polach, Dominic Sandella, Colby Schmitz, Cade Seka, Pamela Siar and Kailey Slayton
The DeMaio campaign scoffed at Fletcher's sudden interest in transparency. DeMaio released his proposed "Sunshine Act" last month that would require the city to post all contracts, transactions, pension obligations, proposed labor contracts and payroll records online. Fletcher offered similar ideas Thursday with the notable addition of disclosing the results of all public-records requests online.
(05-04) 12:00 PDT CALGARY, Alberta, Canada (AP) --
NATO is in command of the Libya operation, but the United States carries by far the greatest military heft in the treaty organization. The United States has contributed drone attacks, bombings, intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance and aerial refueling of warplanes to the Libya operation.
Hawaii through Priceline. The package cost $3,208 and included my flight, hotel and car. After making the reservation, I noticed a typographical error on one of the passengers names and, seeing that I couldn't change this online, I called a customer representative.
Powerball 29
Roy Ray, Houston
Skiers and snowboarders also will have new menu items to choose from. Peak Resorts plans to spend $500,000 on expanding its dining area, which has mostly remained unchanged since Hidden Valley opened in December 1982.
BrightSource, which is backed by VantagePoint Venture Partners, first registered with the SEC to begin its IPO process nearly a year ago, and its stock market debut had been eagerly awaited in Silicon Valley and by the clean-technology community.
The deal leaves only Sportsman's Restaurant in the way of the mart, a 120,000-square-foot showplace for medical equipment envisioned for the northeast corner of St. Clair Avenue and Ontario Street.
Rated R (violence, disturbing images, sexuality, nudity and language )
Where We Found It: Whole Foods Market in University Heights.
"This is happening everywhere in the world. It's not an American phenomenon. It's a global issue."
"It will be interesting to see ... what comes out."
With Arizona (4-8, 2-7 Pac-12) winning its last two games, here's what Rodriguez has to look forward to next season:
Among the issues that Singer, who has worked with the Department of Defense, CIA and FBI, hashed out with Treyarch: brewing tensions between the USA and China, increased reliance on rare-earth elements used in electronics and the rise in robots used by the military. "It is that combination of trying to be grounded in reality, but also remembering that this is all about entertainment and having something that is going to be as cool as hell," he says.
Under calculations done by Jim Slagle, head of the Ohio Campaign for Accountable Redistricting, 51 of 99 House districts will be "solidly" Republican with recent voting histories favoring GOP candidates. Another 10 districts would lean Republican, and only 20 House seats would feature "competitive" races, according to Slagle.
"I remember him and the teacher just going back and forth on something like talking about the details of the Battle of Bunker Hill," he said. "He knew history, all the wars."
As of Dec. 31, Synacor said its high-speed Internet service provider clients used its products to provide service to more than 25% of the estimated 79 million U.S. high-speed Internet households. Charter Communications Inc.
There may also be a loss of sales-tax revenue and even property-tax revenue, he said.
Schuller Coleman implored her congregants not to engage her critics.
All five of the board's districts will be on the ballot in 2012. Normally the commissioners have four-year terms, but in the 2012 election cycle, Districts 1, 3 and 5 will be four-year terms and Districts 2 and 4 will have two-year terms.
In the face of a much better-armed Syrian army, the rebels will find it difficult, if not impossible, to sustain their insurgency if a surge of weapons doesn't come soon.
She told him, "Not if you don't wear socks." The two were married in May 1964. By then Hazzard's future lay before him.
Follow Matt Moore at www.twitter.com/mattmooreap
Few Presbyterians I know would get in trouble for what they wear-though they might get a scolding from the fashion police.
The International OCD Foundation has a fact-packed website and it includes information on how to choose a therapist specifically skilled at helping those who hoard, and offers a treatment-provider database, which includes a handful of Portland-area therapists who specialize in the problem.
Free agency will continue to be a good thing for the most prominent free agents and a hard-earned victory for players in the history of collective bargaining negotiations. It is not, and the Washington Redskins are always the first examples offered by many in the league, a way to consistently put together a team that can compete for the playoffs.
"It's tough," Dunn says. "We don't have a mill anymore."
"If you don't want your peers to know that you're homeless, you don't have to appear homeless," Franke said. "But the longer you're in that situation, the harder it is to get out of it."
"Over the course of the day, progress has been made to help him have the future that he wants, and we will be staying in touch with him as this process moves forward," said Clinton, who was in Beijing for annual strategic talks.
@AtlBrutus: How concerned should we be about Terrelle Pryor's quad?
Critics say the proposed ban is a cynical ploy by conservative French President Nicolas Sarkozy's government to attract far-right voters.
The Celtics were up, 74-72, when a quick spurt essentially finished the Hawks, especially when Josh Smith went out late in the game because of a sprained left knee.
Few filmmakers shoot more quickly or inexpensively than Eastwood, renowned for using one take, staging few rehearsals and asking for few script changes. He shot "J.Edgar" in 39 days for $35 million, both roughly half the cost and time of a big-studio release.
The AMT was never indexed for inflation, so Congress must enact a fix each year to spare about 25 million middle-income families from being hit with big tax increases.
Stats: Averaged 8.2 points, 6.5 rebounds, 0.5 assists while shooting 43.9 percent.
"However, due to the steep slope above the highway, the close proximity of the hillside to the highway and the instability of the material, it's hard to predict exactly how much material will come down with each blast," he said in a news release.
After two-and-a-half years of operation, R Bar is closing at 1617 Genessee in the West Bottoms.
Three other drivers were cited for vehicle code violations.
Complaints about air pollution have become, for the last 48 hours anyway, yesterday's news.
Q: What do you mean by designing to the senses?
Fire Extinguisher: But the point is that it's very, very, very quiet in our hallway. There's never been any trouble. Until Monday night.
Institutes of Health, NCCAM was launched a dozen years ago to study alternative treatments used by the public but not accepted by mainstream medicine. Since its birth, the center has spent $1.4 billion, most of it on research.
Golden View Elementary
Friday afternoon came the word family members and searchers had waited for: A dog team had picked up the scent of a granola bar Mamoyac had eaten and followed it to him. He was dehydrated and had a broken ankle and swollen legs but was otherwise in good shape.
Nelson said they raised $16,000 at last year's event.
That's fine on most occasions, but Weber's act warranted a little street justice.
Now, I happened to be 49 just a few summers ago and this is what I remember:
10. Beastly Things, by Donna Leon, $25
NPR and ABC News first reported that those aboard were believed to be Navy SEALs. The AP withheld the report at the request of their sources until they believed the majority of families of those lost had been notified.
DWI. A 33-year-old Savage man was arrested for DWI after a traffic stop for speeding near the intersection of S. Hwy. 13 and South Park Drive. The man's blood-alcohol level was 0.11 percent, police said.
The deputies didn't budge. Meanwhile, they pointed out that Mr. Walton's vehicle, which was parked in a handicapped spot, was being ticketed.
For years, decades -- maybe even since the invention of tights -- women wore them only with boots or shoes. Pairing peep-toe shoes or sandals with opaque tights was so obviously wrong that it rarely made lists of "don'ts." Such advice was unnecessary, like suggesting women avoid blouses with three sleeves or telling men not to hit the office with their neckties knotted in nooses.
The best way to do it if you're mobile is to download one of the NJ.com mobile apps, which is available for both Android and iPhone. Along the top of the app, select "submit." From there, you can submit your photos and videos from your phone. Make sure you include information about the photo like who is in it and what was happening.
As it is, the healthcare overhaul law is in serious trouble and may either be struck down by the Supreme Court -- in part or in full -- or it will become a major issue in the 2012 elections, with a strong effort on behalf of conservatives to push for full repeal next year.
"I was equally impressed with Ryan," Shurmur said. "Very intelligent young man. Did a nice job in the interview. It's important in the interview that they're able to talk about what they did when we watch their film, and I thought he did a very nice job of that. He was very productive this year after being a receiver. He played receiver for 30 games and quarterback for 21. That's not always easy to do."
The St. Louis Convention and Visitors Commission calculates the NRA will ring in $36.3 million to the local economy.
-- Jason Simms is a Portland freelance writer; follow him on Twitter @simmantics or on the Web at simmantics.com
In defense of these young Marines, I'm sure they did not expect this to be a big deal. You have a few drinks - a few? - and you get into a scrap on the way back to the hotel. Somebody decides that the right thing to do is make a police report, and so you do. You do not expect it to be a big deal.
Considering the poor overall offense around him, Hillis, in 2010, had arguably as fine an overall season for any Browns running back since Mike Pruitt in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
The reality of how close they were settled in with a little more than five minutes to go.
"They say, 'Oh yeah, we ate that,' " said O'Sullivan. "But they didn't eat so much with bread, so they reworked it to be eaten with rice and added egg to the mix."
Allaway later told psychiatrists that he believed that some of his victims had pressed his estranged wife into acting in pornographic films.
Military presence: The National Park Service officially celebrated the opening of its new and greatly expanded visitor facilities at Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, but some construction in the surrounded parking lots is continuing, so taking public transportation, taxis or tour buses to the site is recommended.
The company admitted to using pension funds to buy the strip malls in a recent letter to the trustees.
Today, tomorrow and next year belong to Thomas (if healthy).
3. Scottsdale father-son fight leaves younger man dead - Scottsdale police reported Thursday that a man told them that he fatally shot his adult son after the son forced his way into the man's home.
Ann Arbor police say 21-year-old Brice Moss last was seen at 2:40 a.m. Saturday by one of his roommates. His mother, who is from Detroit, reported him missing after he didn't show up that day.
Last year, fans lined up hours before the team started selling single-game tickets and the line eventually snaked its way around part of the stadium and toward the Multnomah Athletic Club.
"Our goal is to make Gametime a great, safe place for families to come for quality food and entertainment."
At the Subway sandwich shop at 3784 W. 117th St. next door, co-owner Marie Abirached gasped and clapped her hand over her mouth when she heard the news.
Follow these steps for winning potato skins:
Cooney recalled the day last December when, as other agents searched Nathaniel Nicholson's home, they drew the young man aside for a two-hour interview.
"It just was a beautiful, successful design. We took architectural elements from one of the first schools in El Cajon and incorporated it into the new one. It's just a very pretty campus."
But the next day, he told the story to some colleagues, and a gynecologist commented that one-third of his patients complain of orgasm dysfunction.
Kelly joined the Ficano administration April 4, 2011, and is paid $128,000 per year, county records show. She came from Ohio and was viewed by several commissioners as a fresh voice in the administration.
Pon is a visionary who came to the Carmel Valley about 20 years ago to pursue his dream of making great wines and creating a retreat where well-heeled guests could relax and enjoy the best of the region's bounty. Money was no object for this retired Dutch Olympic athlete and race car driver -- his father was the first Volkswagen distributor in the United States and designer of the VW bus.
The event also gives local players a chance to interact with one of their own. Stewart's presence every year is unmistakable, as the Oakland native and A's legend has been a fixture at the games.
The image is arresting. Crockery built to withstand forces no greater than the jabbing of a fork plunged to the ocean floor nearly intact, yet the steel-wrapped stern that tore away from the ship sits nearby, twisted and smashed like a beer can.
Saturday: Don't Be a Victim presents a children's self-defense class, noon-2 p.m. $10. 9626 W. Colfax Ave., Lakewood, 720-217-8643, Denvershorinyu.com
The 100th title in the canon is Jerome Kern's "The Cabaret Girl," which may never have had a full-scale production in the United States until Ohio Light Opera dusted it off this week.
He trains with Kenyan athletes as he prepares for the Lewa marathon, which is run in a wildlife conservancy where helicopters are used to keep the animals off the course.
But for now at least, the Baron is hanging on to his dream.
Kulczycki said the developers have yet to fill about 200 of the casino's 1,600 jobs, but most of the vacant positions are in food and beverage service and do not require state licenses. She said the casino has the 500 dealers it needs to open but will continue recruiting replacements in case some quit.
Prices are "benign and likely to stay that way for some time yet," said Ian Shepherdson, an economist at High Frequency Economics.
Young is on probation for a 2007 public sexual indecency arrest in which he was exposed himself while driving in the car of a Target parking lot in Phoenix, Peoples said. He was also taking pictures of women, he added.
Kimbre gets to choose from these three guys. Who do you think she should date?Vote at nypost.com/dating and follow @NYPMeetMarket on Twitter
In Chicago, people like Robert Perry are subjected to exhaustive security checks. He was patted down, his wheel chair was examined and his hands were swabbed, all in public view in a see-through room at the security checkpoint. Perry, 71, is not alone
"You've got to give a guy like Russell Westbrook credit," Lakers Coach Mike Brown said.
On Friday, Lumpkin acknowledged that board members have been told not to use correction fluid. Members are supposed to circle any changes and make a correction on the side, she said.
Crashes happen. There are scary moments.
West Linn plans to hire a staff attorney to assist in day-to-day legal affairs, but retain the services of a contracted law firm to represent the city.
Friends and families cheered and waved banners and flags as the battalion arrival began with Lance Cpl. Matthew Miller, 19, who was wounded in December by an IED blast. He was first on the deck in his wheelchair.
Warriors are still winless on the season.
AMR settled its part of the case last December for a reported $600,000. Its paramedics were accused of failing to follow their own procedures and protocols in dealing with patients who have trauma or are in altered mental states.
The World Health Organization declared an end to the pandemic this past fall.
HILLSBORO -- Southeast Brookwood Avenue, south of Southeast Tualatin Valley Highway, has reopened to traffic, the Washington County Land Use and Transportation Department announced.
Huynh is Student of the Month
Chicago is a world-class city and it depends on having world-class airlines. A successful restructuring will help American continue building on the legacy of Charles Lindbergh for another 80 years.
Milano holds the license for the technology in the area, purchased from a company in Dayton. His business has shared it with Kotecki, the Cleveland Catholic Diocese and others in the funeral industry here.
Charles Plattsmier, attorney for the Office of Disciplinary Counsel, said the office is prohibited from acknowledging it has received a complaint and won't say anything about a complaint unless formal charges are approved by a three-member panel appointed by the state's Attorney Disciplinary Board. Charges are approved only after interviews are done, documents and other evidence are reviewed and the panel decides discipline is called for.
At one point, the boy received As on tests but got a B in the class because of confusion over the new grading system, Sminia said.
John started his scouting career in 2002 as a Cub Scout with Cub Scout Pack 75. He earned his Arrow of Light and crossed over to Boy Scouts in 2007. While earning 32 merit badges, John also served as Assistant Patrol Leader, Den Chief, Patrol Leader and Assistant Senior Patrol Leader.
Another occasion brought a visit to Hedwig's home, the Owl Conservancy at Andover, where the students half-expected the delivery of special mail as the birds were allowed to sit, clinging tightly, on the children's gloved hands.
Grated zest of 1 orange
HOW THEY WORK: The compact purse (measuring 10 by 7 by 2 inches) has four exterior pockets with zipper or magnet closures, and four interior pockets plus credit card and pen slots. Security comes in the form of a steel cable inside the shoulder strap to foil razor-toting thieves, steel mesh surrounding the outside pockets, and a zipper topped with a clamp that locks onto a metal ring to prevent thieves from quickly unzipping the purse and grabbing its contents. The trifold wallet contains a chain that can clip onto your belt and a zippered compartment for cash.
Justin Rogers, MLive.com: "Brooks has said in a number of interviews that he models his game and work ethic after Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant. Working out with Bryant's trainer, Tim Grover, in preparation for the draft, has some analysts, and even Grover himself, acknowledging Brooks' similarities to his idol. 'I don't like that,' Brooks said during an interview at the NBA Draft Combine in Chicago. 'I think the respect I have for Kobe is out of this world. I look up to him. I don't think anyone that hasn't scored a point in the NBA should be compared to him.'"
Allow turkey to sit in rub at least 1 hour at room temperature to overnight in the refrigerator.
But officials warned that the flood was by no means over. The river was expected to stay at its crest for several days before beginning a long, slow retreat. It could remain above flood stage until mid-June.
Place the sandwiches in the skillet over medium heat and cook until the bread is golden brown and the cheeses melt together, 3 to 5 minutes a side. Cut them in half diagonally and serve with beer.
Nicole Himes had an RBI single in the fifth, and Anderson Phillips singled and scored on a passed ball to pull Liberty within 8-3.
"It had a pretty devastating effect on some of the local wineries and orchards, as well as people's gardens," said Ben Miller, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Weldon Spring.
The Congolese president's announcement follows clashes this week between troops loyal to Ntaganda and other soldiers in the Congolese army in the eastern town of Rutshuru, according to the army spokesman for eastern Congo, Maj. Sylvain Ikenge.
It doesn't quite work that way for these specialists. Especially for good specialists. Demand is high, but unfortunately, the supply can't fill the pockets in a pair of cargoes.
Not bad for a product that grows itself.
Dave Grohl threatened to play a song for every person at the Prudential Center on Monday night. Since his band, Foo Fighters, had sold out the Newark arena, he estimated that this meant 16,000 songs.
Cedar Lane School, located at the multi-school complex on Route 216 in Fulton, presents the 15th annual "Walk for Our Stars" April 28 starting at 10 a.m. at Maple Lawn Community Center. This fun, non-competitive walk, run, or stroll raises money which will be used to support students with significant special needs and staff. Funds are used to purchase specialized equipment, fund the school's cultural arts program, student field trips, and additional staff development opportunities.
The boy returned home later and said his mother would not buy him something he wanted.
Today he lies on a bed in Lee's home, his legs splayed at impossible angles, his feet turned back inward. Eyeing the room impassively, he occasionally lets out a snort or sigh, as his parents regularly vacuum his saliva through a tracheal hole in his throat. They call him Eun-man, which means full of God's grace.
The Rockets further hurt themselves by shooting 21-of-61 from the field, committing 18 turnovers and allowing 17 offensive rebounds. Even with those ugly stats, the Rockets had a good look at victory.
Reporters from all over turned to the BAR, which had the best connections to write the most powerful stories from within the gay community about the impact of their fallen leader. Their stories of the candlelight vigils, and the "White Night" riots after White's 1979 voluntary-manslaughter conviction, were widely read by a mainstream audience.
The resolution calls for the DRPA to use unspent economic development funds to offset the loss of anticipated income from higher tolls. The increase would bring an estimated $50 million per year while the DRPA has about $54.5 million in unspent economic development funds, the report said.
A: I try to invite a fair cross-section of teams -- public, private and parochial -- and from all three of Ohio's divisions, while also giving new schools the opportunity to play Canterbury. Predicting which programs will play well based on the prior year's district and state results is never easy. Without doubt this is the most difficult aspect of the job. There are so many deserving schools.
But economic data from the euro zone soon weighed on sentiment. The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in the 17-nation euro zone rose to 10.9% in March, a euro-era high, from 10.8% in February. Meanwhile, euro-zone manufacturing activity shrank in April at a faster pace than previously estimated.
The public hospital district says it mistakenly sent the U-T attorney-client privileged information in response to a public-records request for executive expense records. The newspaper returned the documents in question as a courtesy, but the agency is suing to block any use of the information.
With a roster filled with candidates at quarterback, wide receiver and defensive backs, this will be an ideal situation to drill 7-on-7.
"Everybody knows about the Detroit Red Wings," Predators goalie Pekka Rinne said. "They're such a big name in hockey. ... It would be great for us if we could beat them."
Tip: Be sure to remove the weights and pendulum when moving a clock.
Tuomala started as a small farmer, got into environmental consulting, then created an organic "micro" farm with small parcels where interns could learn the ins and outs of the business. He now works five properties and organizes the three markets.
"Our group has been through a lot in the past two years.
5 tablespoons vegetable oil, or as needed
1/2 cup reduced-sodium beef broth
His tiny kitchen is like an artist's studio. He transforms ingredients into creations that satisfy his professional sensibilities. His only help comes from one assistant, one dishwasher and one waiter, who handle the entire dining room, including the seven-seat counter that fronts the diamond-embossed stainless steel wall and galley. Pine bookshelves top the row of wood booths opposite the counter, and Leary has created an informal lending library (the chef was an English literature major at Wheaton College). His favorite author is James Joyce, which may explain his egalitarian leanings.
Free rides would continue on the Portland Streetcar and MAX light rail, including two lines that begin running north-south through the downtown transit mall by September. MAX and Streetcar riders account for nearly all users of fareless square, TriMet says, and the new north-south routes will extend make rail service accessible for all those trips. TriMet would also offer a $25 two-year bus pass for elderly and disabled riders who live downtown, to help them retain access.
Commentator Arick Stall is correct in saying that GOP presidential candidate Ron Paul would take on taxes, spending and regulations, and that "we need a president who is not afraid to make the tough decisions necessary to guarantee future prosperity" ("Primed for the primary," March 30).
An officer initially responded to the Route 49 Walgreens when an employee spotted McNeil stashing some tubes of lotion in his clothes.
Ruth J. Williams, a mathematician at UC San Diego who specializes in probability theory, which is the analysis of random phenomenon. Her work helps with such things as understanding causes of congestion on the Internet.
1 bag of Epsom salts
Just "as the dreamer may 'see' with eyes closed . . . so some seven in 10 amputees may feel pain or movement in nonexistent limbs. . . . An amputee may even try to step off a bed onto a phantom limb or to lift a cup with a phantom hand." As psychologist Robert Melzack surmises, "the brain comes prepared to anticipate 'that it will be getting information from a body that has limbs.' "
A woman accused of stealing a $58 bottle of perfume at a Detroit-area mall has been cleared after the Michigan appeals court said she was convicted under the wrong law.
On Monday, the federal government is set to issue its updated child seat guidance that echoes the pediatricians' advice.
5) Receiving no response to a post is painful. I've asked myself this riddle a number of times: if my blog post appears on the internet and no one reads or responds, do I cease to exist? This leads to deeper questions: What's my motivation for writing? Did I not get enough attention as a child? How pathetic am I?
"She was pretty involved," Eskenazi said. "Hattie liked to travel to different places and was involved with schools."
"I told him to make sure it was a one-time occurrence, because I have zero tolerance for this," Johnson said. "I told him we will never do this again. Because if we do, he'll have to find somewhere else to go."
Marchionne has said that integration was well under way, with significant synergies in purchasing components.
Sept. 12, 2005: Greektown abandons plans for a permanent $450-million casino-hotel complex at Gratiot and I-375 and says it will stay at the temporary location but expand and build a 400-room hotel and parking structure.
Other factors to consider: How the family gets along, where they live, what happens when the children who inherit a home get married and who is going to use the property, says Linda Hirschson, a shareholder at law firm Greenberg Traurig in New York.
He's lobbying Springfield to pass a new law penalizing property owners who, for example, claim homestead exemptions on multiple properties rather than just the one they live in full time.
He's heavy, the little stiff-arming dude, only 13 inches high including his wood base, but 45 pounds of bronze muscle. Plunkett keeps him on a shelf in the memorabilia alcove of his home in Atherton.
Washington's move to private sales is attracting the attention of some of the biggest liquor and wine dealers. Rumors are circulating that Total Wine may open one of its huge discount stores, and BevMo! already has applied for licenses to open two stores near Seattle.
$90,913: Average annual income for metallurgical and materials engineers, the highest pay for any of the engineering groups classified, though this group included just 276 workers.
The opera begins with a prologue showing the crime, then moves to the mission in Louisiana where Prejean serves as a member of the Roman Catholic order of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Medaille. The sisters are pen pals with inmates in the state prison. DeRocher has taken the relationship another step and asks Sister Helen to counsel him.
John Elway said Manning's throwing session was "very impressive." Am still tracking the rumor that he continued off-the-record by saying, "But he's no Seneca Wallace..."
And so were the Magic, right?
Glass Row C $110 $124
Even if the school recognizes that its bid could get scuttled, it's likely too late to pull back now after all its posturing in the wake of ESPN and Texas' initial intent to broadcast high school games targeting UT recruits - an idea that was struck down, anyway, by the NCAA last week.
Sunnyslope (24-4-1) committed a first inning error but played error-free baseball the rest of the way.
The price typically climbs in the weeks ahead of Memorial Day weekend -- the traditional kickoff of the summer driving season. The national average peaked last year in early May at an average of $3.98 per gallon. The record high of $4.11 was set in July 2008.
PC: It's been an ongoing joke that PC gaming is dead, but then came this little title over the summer called StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty ($59.99 for PC, T), which proves otherwise. The collector's edition ($99.99) comes with enough behind-the-scenes bonus discs, printed material and other tchotchkes to justify a double dip. The more earthbound Civilization V ($49.99 for PC, E 10+) boasts a more modest collector's edition ($99.99) with an art book, soundtrack, making-of disc and five pewter figurines of soldiers through the ages.
"I love being a leader, helping this team," Thompson said. "I just want to lead this team as far as we can go. I'll do anything to help."
Ryook can cook
Back in Bangladesh, a young man named Nasir, whom Amina once loved, sends her intermittent letters, filling her with confusion and regret. When she discovers George has not been truthful about his past, Amina is able to leverage herself the right to travel home.
The board reinstated Carney's full privileges in 2002, finding he met the state's requirements.
Businesses and government advertised nearly 3.4 million jobs at the end of October, up about 12 percent from the previous month, the Labor Department said Tuesday. That reverses two months of declines and is the highest total since August 2008, just before the financial crisis intensified.
For the study, researchers released harmless "tracers" -- gases that act as a stand-in for vehicle-related toxic pollutants such as carbon monoxide, heavy metals and benzene -- so scientists can "trace" their movement through the air.
Later, a new $260 charge showed up on the account, possibly from a purchase.
2918 Willow Creek Estates Dr, $110,000
The House and Senate are expected to take up-or-down votes on the compromise plan next week. If they approve the measure, it would send it to Brownback, who had endorsed the earlier version.
The victory left the Buckeyes tied for first place in the conference with Michigan State and Wisconsin. All are 5-1.
Patriots raise eyebrows.
2003: Alicia Dunfee, Boulder's Dinner Theatre's "Chicago"
Hitting.
Wilson said the winner plays various lottery games regularly but does not spend much money. He said the person spent $1 on Mega Millions, opting for a computer-generated "quick pick." The winning numbers were 2-4-23-38-46, with a Mega Ball of 23.
Rancho Las Palmas Resort & Spa, 41-000 Bob Hope Drive, Rancho Mirage; (866) 423-1195, http://www.rancholaspalmas.com. This well-manicured lodging complex underwent a $35-million refurbishment and offers 27 holes of golf, a Splashtopia pool complex, lounge, 20,000-square-foot spa and upscale restaurant, bluEmber. Family- and dog-friendly. Rates start at $364.
They bought the table and cue rack, on the spot, for $2,000. "We got back to the store and before taking anything off the truck the cue rack alone sold for $2,500 and then the table sold for $25,000," Patrick Sheehan Jr. says.
Who: Sponsored by a coalition of 25 Ohio groups for anyone with access to a computer.
1 cup applesauce, preferably unsweetened
A caseworker from Child Protective Services noticed that his name was not on the birth certificate. It was a clerical error that could be resolved easily with the Schuchardt's marriage certificate. Then she started asking questions.
Helm says there are no plans to expand the number of students or the school itself, which is licensed through the Oregon Department of Education and has a staff of three. Manageability is key, he says. The school formed its own LLC and is designed to be self-sustaining through tuition and client revenue. If there's a financial road bump, the agency is always there to help out.
The company's stock, meanwhile, continued its three-week slide, losing 14 cents Monday to close at $1.29. The stock has lost more than half its value since the bond offer was announced on April 11.
Well, Sizemore has been hurt for three years and the Indians find themselves with a roster full of players who are more than willing to match Sizemore's totals in strikeouts, but not in runs, doubles, slugging percentage and on-base percentage.
One company in the market for new graduates is tax, auditing and advisory services firm PricewaterhouseCoopers. Its 272-employee Baltimore office wants to hire about 68 people this year, most of them straight out of college. That would be about 10 more new hires than last year, said Bill Corey, managing partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers' Baltimore office.
"The Walking Tall Trilogy": The new Blu-ray set includes "Walking Tall," "Walking Tall Part 2" and "Final Chapter: Walking Tall." They all tell the story of Tennessee Sheriff Buford Pusser (Joe Don Baker), who not only walked tall but also carried a big stick. He survived several assassination attempts to dish out a brutal form of justice to clean up his town.
Indians right-hander Ubaldo Jimenez gave up four runs in the third inning Tuesday night against the White Sox at US Cellular Field. It was part of a 7-2 loss during which Jimenez allowed seven runs (four earned) on eight hits in 4 2/3 innings, walked six and struck out one.
When customers complained that we served too much meat and not enough pizza, would we shrug and ask them to elect board members who preferred pepperoni to cheeseburgers?
Mitt Romney is no exception, saying Obama wants to lead America into a "European social welfare society" while he would take us back to an "American opportunity society." Obama, the theme is, isn't like us. He takes his cue from Europeans, not Americans. One of Romney's ads in South Carolina criticized Obama for adopting "un-American" economic policies.
April 7, 2010: Word leaks out that United and US Airways are in merger talks.
Jeffries did not speak during Tuesday's meeting.
Taylor's checkerspots, Euphydryas editha taylori, once were abundant in the Northwest but now live only in isolated pockets of upland prairie.
That tournament takes up the film's final hour, and it does not hold back in terms of savagery, contrivance or emotional manipulation. Like the rest of "Warrior," it is effective up to a point but rushing past that point without looking back is something this film is powerless to resist.
Asian exchanges were also broadly lower. Japan's Nikkei Stock Average slumped 2.3%, its biggest one-day drop since Nov. 1. South Korea's Kospi Composite shed 1.5%, while China's market remained closed for a holiday.
For sure, no one looks more prescient today than the 10 legislators who wrote the NRC weeks before Fukushima begging for public hearings in California before the renewal proceedings go very far. The point was not necessarily to deny renewals, but to take them slowly and with a maximum of public information.
But the 49ers hired Stanford coach Jim Harbaugh, and he immediately reshaped the franchise.
More Details: 'NYC 22'
In April, Bank of America sued the Roberts brothers for more than $34 million, alleging they are in default on a loan connected to multi-million dollar renovations to several hotels they own outside of Missouri, including Tampa.
13000 Thornhill Dr, $400,000
Reed said three property crimes occurred in the area over the weekend: two burglaries and one theft from a vehicle, Reed said.
The Legislature didn't define "unlawful force," leaving it for others to interpret.
Excitement about young quarterback Tim Tebow, the upcoming hiring of a new head coach and John Elway's addition as a club executive "has us believing we're going to see a powerful organization again," Larry Hudson of Lyons said. "I haven't been this excited since John Elway (joined the franchise in 1983). We watch him from Day One to his last day, and I want to do the same with Tim Tebow.
Still, the Clinic said the number of patients using Huron are down and the community isn't supporting the hospital. The Clinic lost more than $12 million operating Huron in 2009, $22 million in 2010 and, if it remains open, is on track to lose $25 million in 2011 this year.
The Harmony Prenatal Test can detect whether a fetus has an extra chromosome, instead of the normal pair. Such abnormalities, called trisomies (TREYE'soh-mees), include the one that causes Down syndrome.
Adam Gorney, West recruiting analyst for Rivals, has a different theory.
Notification for surrounding residents near the yards that would participate was also debated.
"It's great to get back in front of an audience and hear that reaction or more importantly what they don't react to. There's nothing louder than 300 people not laughing."
Soon after the San Bruno pipeline explosion in 2010, Lloyd Cluff peered into the crater blown in the earth and recalled the risk he had identified there two decades earlier to the company that employed him as a geologist, Pacific Gas and Electric Co.
Jackpot, I thought.
The ruling paves the way for the mining titan and the French construction company to conclude a long sought-after joint venture that they hope will reap rewards from significant synergies, even after taking into account Tuesday's ruling on disposals.
As his foot permanently declares, he will stumble, but he will not fall.
My younger brother killed himself in June 2002. He could barely take care of himself, yet he emptied out the garage so he could bring his car inside. He nailed shut the windows in the house, blocked gaps with towels, ran the car and suffocated himself. I was amazed at the amount of effort, energy and time he expended to do this.
Proficiency rates at Cleveland's regular school are less than half as high, but student poverty also is much higher in that population. Magnet students learn math outside the magnet, so their math success is a credit to the strong staff in the regular school, Goodman said.
But neither the departmetn or the U.S. Coast Guard tried to clean up the material. They decided it would be impractical to do so and that the material was not causing any obvious harm to fish and wildlife.
Shopping at farmers markets also reduces the number of processed foods in your diet, and is easier on the environment, she says.
"Well, we couldn't afford it," Christie said, adding that "for years, people had made benefit deals we can't afford."
Come on. How, then, would you ever judge if the law is working?
Martha Gruelle, director, Huron to Erie Waterways for Wildlife Project at Wildlife Habitat Council, 2010 Green Leader.
"I was playing off of my teammates, and the storyline tonight was our defense," Boozer said. "It was probably one of the best defensive performances we have had all season. It is fitting because they kicked our butts in Chicago."
If you are willing to share, please fill out the information below and e-mail it, along with a snapshot of yourself, to reporter David Jesse.
Retirement benefits $9,514
This man who called police in the Decker Case said he did it because he has been diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver and he wanted to clear his conscience before he died. So far, no charges have been filed in this case against the man's cousin, who is currently an inmate of a Texas prison.
"Every birthday candle that ever got blown out / Is one more year of someone trying to figure it all out," sings Matthew Caws ("Looking Through") on Nada Surf's seventh album, released near the band's 20th anniversary. The astrology of "Astronomy," though, can be read a couple of different ways. While no longer widely "Popular," Nada Surf is one of the most dependable modern purveyors of power-pop; in that sense, this album is another rock-solid collection of tuneful, optimistic songs with more hooks than a tackle box on a Saturday morning. It's also an album of reflection, which frequently shows up the trio as being quite comfy on those laurels and not exactly pushing themselves. It's power-pop's law of motion: For every undeniably irresistible melody, you can't help thinking you've heard it before.
Bring the family to our annual Halloween Party on Saturday, Oct. 22, from 1-6 p.m. at the Broadview Heights Community Building.
The Rays and the Orioles entered the game tied atop the division with 20-12 records. It was the first time since June 9, 1992, that a two-way tie for first place in the AL East this late in the season didn't involve New York or Boston.
Groups working with the Orlando Philharmonic Orchestra to present the concert include the Zora Neale Hurston Festival of the Arts and Humanities, the Association to Preserve the Eatonville Community, the "Negro Spiritual" Scholarship Foundation Master Singers and the Florida Opera Theatre Chorus.
As recently as last summer, Monsanto Co.'s Hugh Grant seemed to have the Midas touch.
5:13 p.m.: Protesters stop outside wells Fargo building at SWth 4th and Columbia and chant: "Wells Fargo sucks."
Moreover, the state attorney general's absurd opinion that placing the SM on state land violates the religious no-preference clause of the California Constitution gets my chivalric hackles up.
Churchill Downs officials have no reason to believe the man was a racetrack employee, spokesman John Asher said.
"It's designed to bring buyers and sellers together," Steris spokesman Stephen Norton said of the concept. "It's an opportunity to showcase our brand. It creates efficiencies for customers."
But in a concession to the oil industry, companies will have to reveal the composition of fluids only after they have completed drilling, not before. The government's original proposal would have required disclosure of the chemicals 30 days before a well could be started.
The warm biscuits (from Pillsbury) and homemade sausage gravy (half order $3.50, full $4.25) are grandma good. The rumpled blanket of thick flavorful sauce suggests a beginning in a nicely cooked roux and a half order is plenty.
John Oceguera (D) - $375,896
Sow statice after the last frost along with your heat-loving veggies and flowers. As your plants mature, they produce many stems, each topped with a group of flowers. It's best to cut them in the morning after the dew has dried. Select stems just as the buds open to keep them from maturing any further. When these slightly immature blooms dry fully, they will open just a bit more, then are frozen in time at their peak. The longer statice flowers stay in the sun, the more faded they become, so this early picking is key to maximizing color in the cut materials.
Lake Zurich d. Waukegan 25-22, 25-16: L. Bauer had six kills, four blocks and 15 assists to lead Lake Zurich (25-3).
He got his GED. He moved to St. Louis. He got married. In 1995, when he was 24, he was again a small blip on the criminal justice system radar when he pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor for passing a bad check worth $125.
In the end, he proved not good enough to win it all, even with a good supporting cast.
Free shots if the Rays win.
The upbeat tone among investors is a departure from recent weeks when disappointing reports on unemployment, manufacturing and consumer sentiment gave stocks their first back-to-back weekly drops since July.
Even as he reached back to his 2008 campaign lodestar with a reference to Abraham Lincoln, Obama pivoted sharply to a new mantra of "balance" and "shared sacrifice," citing his Democratic predecessor and budget-balancer, former President Bill Clinton.
"They pay attention and I think they realize how fortunate they are," Lang said of being able to share his experiences to help his players learn. "Also, a lot times some of my friends who I played with come back and talk to the kids and stuff like that and that's a big plus."
"Not every payload can be hosted," said Lt. Gen. Ellen Pawlikowski , commander of the Air Force's Space and Missile Systems Center. "But now is the time to get to work" exploring the issues.
The concentrator tracks the sun as its moves across the sky daily and seasonally, making sure that its reflectors make the most of every ray. (In comparison, a large, 3-foot-by-5-foot conventional solar panel is rated to generate about 200 watts during the middle of the day.)
He told the officers he had taken Tylenol PM and alcohol. As they tried to coax him down, the man recognized Kimura.
He carded three birdies on the front nine to move to seven-under. After a birdie on the 12th, Jang tripped to a bogey on No. 13. He atoned for that mistake with a birdie at 16, then parred the final two holes to seal the win.
Eat on the cheap: Not every day can you get a three-course meal at the Ritz (including prime rib!) for $25. The Grill at the Ritz-Carlton is one of 19 restaurants in Clayton Restaurant Week, Monday-Jan. 30. Details
Such terms are legal through a little-known financial instrument known as a contract for deed, an increasingly popular way of selling property to people who can't get a bank loan. In 2011, a total of 649 properties in Hennepin County sold through a contract for deed, the highest figure in a decade.
The Titans announced their proposal during a news conference at the publicly owned stadium. Though these are tough economic times, Don MacLachlan, executive vice president of administration and facilities, said the team put in a lot of work planning renovations that would improve the in-game experience for fans.
There are mixed reactions in police circles as to what the law's effects will be.
"Jeff, Who Lives at Home" is rated R for language including sexual references and some drug use.
Sept. 10 Toledo
"They weren't freaking out before the game," senior C.J. Broadbent said. "I remember my freshman year at a state game, and I was freaking out. These girls are so calm and collected. It just made me proud to have them on my team."
Troubling as the new figures are, they understate how many students will eventually default. Last year's two-year default rate increased to more than 12 percent when the government made preliminary calculations of how many defaulted within three years. Beginning next year, the department will begin using the figure for how many default within three years to determine which institutions will lose eligibility to enroll students receiving government financial aid.
Davis said Gina Cook somehow missed the point when he ordered Trevor Cook to jail in January for civil contempt after he was caught concealing and spending receivership assets in defiance of court orders.
Police said Whitesell admitted hitting the bicyclists after they found him and his car at a Culver Lake home, not far from the scene, about an hour after the accident.
If there was a blemish on Suggs' season, it was that he was relatively quiet down the stretch, being held without a sack in four of the Ravens' final five games, including in both playoff games. However, Ravens general managerOzzie Newsome said at Wednesday's "State of the Ravens" address that was a result of the increased attention given to the linebacker by the opposition as the season went on.
Add chopped vegetables to a frozen dinner. Add white chicken meat or vegetables or low-sodium broth to a boxed soup mix.
Property in Los Angeles County was valued at $1.1 trillion last year. Taxes paid on that real estate is the county's largest source of locally generated revenue and helps fund a variety of services and agencies, including the Sheriff's Department, county education office and Fire Department.
Prosecutors and the Copley-Fairlawn schools stood by their decision to press charges against Williams-Bolar. But, while she cannot recover the time she spent in jail, the Ohio parole board could recommend wiping the conviction from her record or letting it stand.
By 2009, the average attendance grew by 88 percent, and the school moved up to number 43 in overall attendance ranking, its highest ever.
It's time to put the health and well-being of America's eaters, animals and food industry workers ahead of meat corporations' desire for maximum profits and control.
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme leaves
How much: $3-$5, free for children and students
Package size - 6.5 ounces/184 grams
Palisade 49, Delta 14
That last point raises a potential alternative to a reverse mortgage. You can call your kids together and announce, "Guess what! I'm about to borrow away your inheritance and spend it. Of course, I'm open to other options."
Bike to school
It's extremely rare, Hastings said, for a trooper to lose a firearm like that.
"Honestly it shows the depth of U.S. distance running," Goucher said. "The U.S. women in the 10K and marathon are at a different level than we've ever been. In the past, maybe there were one or two standouts. Now we have a whole squad."
There are plenty of reasons to remain optimistic about a GOP House. Then again, seats are not won on optimism alone. That takes planning. If conservatives really do want to reverse the Obama agenda, they'll start looking at the House as priority, not afterthought.
Diggins scored 19 points, Mallory hit two big 3-pointers in overtime and Irish beat Connecticut 83-75 on Sunday night.
U.S. vehicles are old -- averaging more than 10 years on the road, after slow sales the past four years. Now that auto sales have picked up, Americans have reason to keep buying.
2. Heat the butter in a 10-inch cast-iron skillet over low heat. Add the brown sugar, stirring until dissolved.
1 As with most things in life, greater participation in elections almost always leads to better decisions. The greater the turnout, the less influence the establishment wields. The more people vote, the less weight those on the far edges of the political spectrum have. Although there is nothing wrong with being on those far edges, either on the left or the right, the best answers are usually somewhere in the middle. Many of the problems in government these days stem from voters who, through action or apathy, send representatives to Congress who are unwilling to act like adults. Change that by voting.
Looking at the latest ridership numbers from Oregon's largest transit agency, it appears that way. The accompanying e-mail from spokeswoman Mary Fetsch is cheery enough: "8.6 million trips last month on buses, MAX and WES."
And then one day, your life just explodes. A magnitude-9 earthquake rocks your region of Japan. A giant tsunami crashes ashore, killing hundreds and reducing entire communities to rubble. Then, radiation from a nearby nuclear plant washes over your house and your land, forcing an evacuation order.
The leaders of France and Germany, the region's biggest economies, said they will meet next week to talk about how to solve Europe's financial difficulties. Investors worry that Europe's debt problems could hurt the banks that own European government bonds. Because of how intertwined the global financial system is, pain for European banks could lead to more trouble for the U.S. banking industry and economy.
Depending on how long the skewers are, slide 3 to 5 meatballs onto each skewer. Grill over a barbecue (make sure the flames have subsided and coals are red with white ashes) or on a well-oiled grill pan over medium-high heat until the meatballs are cooked through, rolling them around in the pan, about
"I come from Europe, where you normally order a gin and tonic and you don't care what gin you're drinking," said Umberto Luchini, head of marketing for Campari America, which owns Wild Turkey. "You come into the U.S. and it's all about calling brands. Hence, 'Give 'em the Bird' is another way of calling Wild Turkey in a bar."
"I made some bad decisions," Booth said. "But this place has been a very big blessing to me. I've been here since October, cleaned myself up and gained a lot more self- esteem."
Building a club for the 'new money' set
Endurance events at Soldier's Memorial
It did seem a bit sudden when Kelsey announced just over a month after their split that he and girlfriend Kayte Walsh were expecting a child together. Camille says she caught wind of the pregnancy, but when she confronted Kelsey about it, he denied it, only to confirm it to the press two days later. (Walsh later miscarried.)
A deadbeat, he never gave me much more than his DNA or his name.
He said the area could become "an entertainment zone that could be unmatched." Officials said, however, they think it is unlikely that the casino would help revitalize the opposite side of busy Russell Street that is now home to a gas station and a new Royal Farms convenience store.
They had no grandchildren, so when a young family, the Greens, moved into their neighborhood, Bill and Suzi found themselves drawn to their children, Christina and her older brother, Dallas.
Shipman, IL 62685
To this day, I remember the earful I got from my boss, a good-hearted fellow who was friendly but strict. I didn't sleep well that night.
The activists argue that the impounding of vehicles is an unnecessary burden on undocumented immigrants, who by state law cannot obtain drivers licenses. The city charges $190 when it impounds a vehicle, and the owner must also pay towing and storage fees to retrieve it. State law requires the vehicles of unlicensed drivers to be impounded for 30 days, which can add more than $1,000 in fees. That's a lot of money for immigrants working at low-wage jobs to support their families, the activists argued.
The government has provided Mohamud's defense team with extensive documentation about why that conversation wasn't recorded, prosecutors wrote.
TORONTO -- The long term view of the Nets was cloudy at times this year.
"Everybody's been working together, and now we have much more development," Danforth said. "All of that's been growing, and now we're ready for the next step."
- Number of style categories: 90.
For instance, at Northwestern last week, Diebler missed two of his three 3-point attempts. Though Diebler's one basket came at a critical point, Keith Diebler thought the play of the game was a post feed from his son to Sullinger. Putting them together on the same side of the court creates a dilemma for defenses, which, when double-teaming Sullinger, almost never want to do it with Diebler's defender.
The Cavs have been targeting Jamison, 33, for months, ever since a slow start plus legal problems for star Gilbert Arenas ruined Washington's once-promising season.
Other celebs who will participate include Shimmy Gray-Miller, SLU Women's Basketball coach; musician Ralph Butler; NFL Hall of Famer Roger Wehrli, the Rams' Marc Bulger and Gus Frerotte; KSDK's Cordell Whitlock; and Julie Buck of MY (103.3-FM).
Overflowing rivers caused headaches for commuters, forcing road closures A flood warning continues to be in effect today for much of North Jersey and could last into Tuesday evening.
"We have nothing lined up yet, and we are doing our research and investigating the landscape of sports television today, which is ever-changing," Cuadra said.
In addition, the city has budgeted another $6 million next year to pay off old pension debts.
Q: What's included in that spending?
'MISS SAIGON'
Tackles: Geno Atkins, Cincinnatil Vince Wilfork, New England, and Richard Seymour, Oakland.
The 2011 season is 14 episodes, 308 minutes. DVD extras: deleted scenes, mini-commentaries by Parker and Stone, a rare making-of featurette and a look behind the scenes at the making of the episode "City Sushi." Grade: A-. Extras: B+.
Two of the judges scored the fight 78-74 and the other had it 77-75 for Lenk (14-1).
He said all three consulting teams offered approaches that rely mostly on traditional methods to combat seepage under the levees: relief wells, walls built inside earthen levees and seepage-control berms.
"I hope people walk away knowing what art can do," he says, pointing out that the arts can teach young people important life skills, no matter what career they pursue. "If you're an artist, you're a hard worker, usually, because you have to think about something, you have to watch it develop, you have to revise, you get critiqued, and you have to put yourself out there--those are things that you need in the real world."
Nancy L. Cohen is the author of "Delirium: How the Sexual Counterrevolution Is Polarizing America."
The girl refused to give officers details about how she received the wound.
After mailing in his receipt, rebate form and proof of recycling, he got an e-mail asking for his UPC code. So Frances Sepesy sent in the UPC code, only to get another e-mail that they didn't need the UPC code after all.
"I'm sorry, babe, I totally spaced it," Tim Garrett says.
Vinas faces up to 50 years in prison when he is sentenced June 8 by Superior Court Judge Michael Toto, who presided over the trial. During the trial, which began April 9, testimony revealed Vinus brandished a knife and robbed two people during separate incidents on Jan. 16, 2009.
Ridge View Academy 62, Jefferson 40
Some of the drinking was being done by race hangers-on. Daniel Powers, 29, of San Francisco, boarded the 5-Fulton bus for Alamo Square with 10 of his friends not to run, but to party. He said they started drinking at 6:30 a.m.
By the way, these are federal programs. If Missouri wants to throw in skilled nursing care for all veterans, let's talk about how to fund the new homes we'll need.
Oregon's air toxics rules are softer than in California or Washington in spots, Peveto learned, leaving public pressure as the main avenue to compel pollution reductions below generic limits.
It's the heat and the humidity: High-society types and underworld lowlifes mix and mingle at a swanky beachfront hotel in 1950s Miami in the new drama "Magic City." Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Danny Huston and Olga Kurylenko star. (Starz, 10 p.m.)
Veterans Affairs of Emmet County is open 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Tuesday through Friday for assistance to all Emmet County veterans.Located at 3434 M-119, Suite D, Petoskey. Phone (231) 348-1780.
Moments later, Green hit another 3 and the amiable senior skipped back on defense, flapping his arms to encourage Michigan State's fans to cheer.
Restaurant location, 4356 Lindell Boulevard.
1/2 cup sweetened shredded coconut
The sheriff immediately focuses on Nate. When they arrive at his home, they find everything burned to the ground and Nate nowhere to be found. Is Nate just the latest in a string of people who've mysteriously disappeared from Saddlestring and the nearby Wind River Reservation?
"The on-ice results of our team this season are not acceptable to our fans, our organization or our ownership group," read the prepared statement from Sharks Sports and Entertainment. "The ownership group has confidence that Doug will make the necessary changes to ensure our club remains among the NHL's elite franchises."
Left to his own devices, Beck formed the Jeff Beck Group, featuring Rod Stewart on lead vocals and future Rolling Stone Ron Wood on bass. They made a couple of seminal albums, 1968's "Truth" and 1969's "Beck-Ola."
-- Ask for your credit reports and ask for a fraud alert and credit reporting freeze if you find unpaid bills in your name;
Dolores Huerta at Fowler, 7 p.m.
43 Chestnut Hill Ln, $132,000
Schenk is paid $167,480 annually by Ficano. His new position will pay $194,000, according to department spokeswoman Mary Sevakis.
Crawford started Wednesday over Nick Young, who along with center JaVale McGee was demoted to a reserve role due to undisciplined play.
Ladue coach Mike Tarpey said Tuesday that Edwards "most likely won't play," but the coach is optimistic. Without Edwards, the Rams rushed for 245 yards against U. City -- roughly 25 yards off their average of 269.2 for the first nine games.
It's fun to watch Jessica handle some of the problems that perplexed Angie and me when she was a baby. We're pleased to learn she's a good mommy herself.
Hydroponic plants: Require 12 to 14 hours of supplemental light.
A: All Together Now is project management software for or the process of designing, building and maintaining websites. Our target market is made up of web professionals of many stripes, freelancers, creative agencies and in-house web teams, who manage websites. There are 3.7 million web professionals listed on LinkedIn, with 85,000 in the Bay Area. There is no software targeted to this market segment largely because this marked segment is new, and has been emerging along with the technology to support it.
A: One that I have used successfully is Dragon Dictation from Nuance. The same company makes an Android app called FlexT9, which I haven't tested, that includes dictation, among other features. Both apps work on a wide variety of models.
A Camp Pendleton force led by Maj. Gen. Charles "Mark" Gurganus is expected to lead the withdrawal of more than 60 percent of the Marines in the country by this fall, from about 18,000 located primarily in Helmand province to less than 7,000 by October.
Where: 7:30 p.m. Friday and Saturday at The Neurosciences Institute, 10640 John Jay Hopkins Drive, La Jolla; 6:30 p.m. Sunday at the Inn at Rancho Santa Fe
MCT spokesman S.J. Morrison said ridership had increased over previous-year levels for 14 consecutive months. He said January ridership was 200,524, a record number for that month and a 21 percent increase compared to January 2011.
Spring Showcase: The theater department presents various scenes, one-acts, songs, and devised theater pieces. 7:30 p.m. Wed, May 18; 7:30 p.m. Fri, May 20. Rex Putnam High School, Blackbox Theater, 4950 S.E. Roethe Road, Milwaukie; $5; Director Kelley Marchant, 503-353-5870, or rphstheatre@gmail.com
The agency said the seven-seat family haulers can lunge up to 10 feet when the driver's foot is not on the accelerator or firmly on the brakes. Stepping on the brakes firmly stops the car from moving.
The end came with a whimper.
Jamie Kuchan hopes her results at nationals and trials in May will earn one of 12 spots on the Junior National team that will compete in September at the World Junior Championships in Greece.
I told each that I dreamed of having her abs and metabolic rates. (I would have said the same to their sister, Sophie, but she wasn't home.) My older brother, Rick, has three daughters with what I'm virtually certain is a combined fat percentage less than one-third of my 35 as of Feb. 17. Their keys? Skating and smart food choices.
DON SCHALLER
To find out if you might be eligible for similar assistance, find a local group like the Urban League that provides
Offenders also would get points for following court-imposed conditions of their release, shortening their supervision period by
Collaboration is a key to my success. Working with outstanding teachers has helped sharpen me, and I've been able to share lessons with them as well. I'm committed to personal sharpening. My daily goal is to be an exceptional teacher, and to make every day my masterpiece.
The entire process is a painstaking experience, she said.
Big news for fans of the Man of Steel. Deadline.com reports that Warner Bros. will be "casting a wide net" in the search for the next man to portray the world's most iconic superhero in producer Christopher Nolan's upcoming "Superman" reboot.
Neukomm has been operating microbreweries since 1999. He was granted Missouri's first microdistilling license three years ago. About a year later, Jesse and Jake Jones followed a similar path, augmenting their Amalgamated Brewing Co. with Amalgamated Distilling Co.
Those remarks, in an interview with the Las Vegas Review-Journal editorial board, also included a tentative Romney endorsement of "the idea of helping people refinance homes to stay in them," calling that notion "worth further consideration." He did not make a similar statement Tuesday, however.
9 p.m. NCAA regional semifinal ESPN
It's a fiesta of fundraising with sights set on $50,000 to support Tigard's Parent Support Organization, athletic and band activities.
He's gone. Possibly to be replaced by potential future closer Heath Hembree, and the baseball world moves on.
"I'm going to go out there and give it everything I've got, and hope for the best," Robertson said. "I'm not Mariano Rivera, I'm not going to be able to go out there and get outs real quickly. I'm a different style of pitcher. I've never done it."
Arline Fisch: Sea Jellies: March 24-July 22. Open 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Wed.-Sat., 1-4 p.m. Sun. $5-$10. Visitors and members of the Monterey Bay Aquarium receive a 50 percent discount. Please note that the museum has two locations. Monterey Museum of Art, 720 Via Mirada, Monterey. (831) 372-3689. montereyart.org.
1504 PROGRESS LN $137,900
"He made a huge shot, but more than that, he made the right reads and he made basketball plays tonight," Canales said.
The paths that follow the waterfront along much of the shoreline allow residents to walk along its lakes, which impart a sense of tranquility.
Cash 5: 5 12 19 23 39
After moving west from Illinois in 1972, Judy Wright turned into a civic leader and amateur historian whose active role in her community earned her a telling nickname: "Ms. Claremont."
Jim Beseda, the fine reporter The Oregonian has assigned to the Winterhawks, has done a marvelous job this season. I know, because when the Winterhawks left the dressing room after the game, they first looked to Beseda for the questions. That's the mark of respect. He's currently to my left in the media room, banging on keys, looking up statistical anomalies and chasing deadline for a story that will be devoured by our readers.
"He has to stay grounded. I told him, 'Don't listen to what everybody is saying about you,' " Spencer said. "When you start to believe what people are saying, that's when the game will kick you in the (gut)."
A retired British businessman was expected to make his first appearance in a federal court in El Paso on Monday after he was extradited last week on charges that he tried to sell missile batteries to Iran in 2006.
Fourth-seeded Triad finishes at 9-2, including a season-opening forfeit win over Normandy.
"We think the automotive industry is on its way back," said David Joy, chief market strategist at Ameriprise Financial.
"We wanted something that was hot and sweet," he says. "Honey jalapeno just kind of came together."
Appointments are encouraged, but walk-in patients will be accepted, too.
The day will start off with a silent auction, followed by a luncheon and fashion show -- which will feature several of Stephenson's favorite red-carpet dresses from designers such as Jason Wu, Christian Dior, Valentino, Marchesa and Gucci. (This is some serious gownage, folks.)
Individuals must take careful inventory of all of their assets and determine to whom these assets should go if they die, or who should gain control of them if they become incapacitated. If there are any questions about specific assets, then legal wrangling or even government taxation may take place.
Jonathan Herrera led off the fourth with a single. After Carlos Gonzalez walked, Troy Tulowitzki lined a two-run double into the left-field corner with Gonzalez just beating shortstop Gordon's relay throw.
"I'm in love with volleyball," he said.
This is especially true when your neighbors are supporting you with their taxes.
When they tried to sell the finished film to distributors, the message was the same: Thanks, but no thanks. "There was a point of real despair," Jon Erwin said.
Chris Evans (Captain America) has been signing autographs, even as a man wearing a store-bought Cap costume has been amusing the crowds.
According to Elkins, scientists have known for years that salt plays a key role in cystic fibrosis. Cystic fibrosis, which afflicts about 30,000 Americans, is caused by a defect in a gene that controls the amount of salt and water that line the airways of the lungs. Without sufficient lubrication, mucus builds up and blocks the airways, and this provides a fertile home for bacteria.
Both candidates put financial reform at the top of their priority lists, emphasizing Medicaid and pensions as particularly emergent issues. They both support at least some tenets of Senate Bill 512, which would enforce widespread pension reform, and they advocate for more "business-friendly" tax codes in Illinois, reversing taxes on businesses and restructuring workers compensation guidelines.
Critics complain the new constitution erases checks and balances on state power - and Fidesz controls virtually all state power by virtue of its two-thirds majority in parliament. That proves problematic for a president who is supposed to serve as a check on the government, said Szabolcs Kerek-Barczy, managing director of the Freedom and Reform Institute, a Budapest-based conservative think tank.
Fowler's putter saved him time and again. He needed just a round-best 21 putts Friday, sinking a pair of 25-footers and three 18-footers to overcome mistakes.
percent, per the Census Bureau. Who's the circus freak?
But it took a comment by former teammate and ex-Olympian Anthony Lobello to smack Reutter back to reality at the U.S. Short Track National Championships on Jan. 8. Reutter finished a disappointing fifth and her back pain was worsening.
"In an era of rising fees, passengers deserve better information about how airlines are performing," he said in a statement.
Despite the discovery, congressional and security officials suggested there was no immediate need to change airport security procedures, which already subject many shoeless passengers to pat-downs and body scans.
4. Use both hands to break off the tail from the body. Again, use firm, even pressure.
The accident happened early Wednesday at Eastern Parkway and Utica Avenue.
St. Louis also made quick work of the San Jose Sharks to face Los Angeles in the second round, and Washington stretched the run of no repeat Stanley Cup champions to 14 straight years by beating Boston in a Game 7 overtime thriller.
We were ushered into the Hogwarts Great Hall (yes, the real thing) with two long tables set for a feast and everything in place: the gargoyles representing the four houses; the floor made from genuine Yorkshire flagstone; the robes that a very young Daniel Radcliffe wore in the very first movie. A genius of the Harry Potter sets is that they include even details the camera never caught, like the Hogwarts crest carved into the great fireplace, so the actors performed in fully realized little universes.
Esparza, who was in New York this week for promotional festivities, including a Wednesday evening photo shoot for Vogue, had the same reaction as Silva as she stepped off the red double-decker bus that is common in England. The magnitude of the Games has started to hit home for the Pasadena native, who, although typically cool about such things, was unable to hide her excitement.
The researchers used a big umbrella in defining alternative medicine: Acupuncture, homeopathy, chiropractic care, traditional healing, yoga, Pilates, deep breathing, massage and even dieting were included.
Series: Jaguars lead, 9-4.
But probably the most worrisome etiquette question is how much to spend on wine brought as a gift to party hosts.
The coaches will have to bring in that talent and manage it. It's not always easy. It is always important to do it within the rules. There will be players who love their coaches and players who don't. The Sporting News story made some points about Meyer's final years at Florida. They are worthwhile for Ohio State fans to know. But I'm not sure it should change the thinking, or add to the worries, of anyone who had a realistic view of college football, Urban Meyer and Ohio State.
Where: Cleveland Public Theatre's Storefront Studio, 6415 Detroit Ave., Cleveland.
Ed Perlmutter's greatest challenge will be accomplishing his goals in Congress while maintaining support in his suburban Denver district, which is almost evenly split between Republicans and
Historically, district officials have resisted leasing or selling vacant school buildings to charters. Now Adams wants to offer building space to any school it might sponsor, removing one of the largest stumbling blocks to those wanting to open a charter school.
After music by the Society's band and the invocation of the Devine blessing by the Rt. Rev. Bishop Rappe, the President of the Society, the viands on the tables rapidly disappeared amid pleasant and joyial conversation. Every one seemed to enjoy the festivities of the occasion without let or hindrance.
Internet newsgroups and bloggers, never afraid to wade against the mainstream current, began debating the unfolding investigation nanoseconds after the news of Karr's arrest. Bloggers and newsgroup posters were among the first to suggest that Karr's confession may be disputable.
Schurick was convicted in December of four charges in connection with the robocall. He was sentenced to 30 days of home detention, 500 hours of community service and four years of probation.
Rick English has two other children with another woman, and Shaunders is eight months pregnant with what would be his fourth child, Lycia English said.
The voice vote on the measure that merged the Vikings stadium plan into a bill that would greatly expand charitable gambling appeared to be mixed, making it hard to gauge how much support the plan enjoys among House members.
Scott Paterno tweeted: "CBS report is wrong - Dad is alive but in serious condition. We continue to ask for your prayers and privacy during this time."
The victory by Nicolee Ambrose of Baltimore represents a generational changing of the guard for Maryland Republicans. Her win came after a bitterly fought internal struggle that played out in blogs and on Facebook.
Officials say the drop had a lot to do with the fact that snows in December 2008 required overtime plowing and other work while December 2009 remained relatively dry.
Ritacco's attorney requested to have the suit dropped in a federal court filing published Monday.
"It takes a multi-pronged approach because it's a complex problem," said Perman, who has preached interdisciplinary collaboration since he took the presidency last year. "We need to take the things we do well as academicians, turn them on a societal problem and throw the kitchen sink at it."
Elizabeth Sherwood-Randall, Obama's senior director for European affairs, said recently that the president was confident his hometown could put on a "great show" and that its police department was up to the task of providing security.
"This is a huge transformation in the industry," said Tom Murphy, executive editor of Wards AutoWorld magazine, which publishes the influential 10 Best Engines list.
No. of employees: 145.
The Washington Nationals will visit Roger Dean Stadium for the Cardinals' final exhibition game in Florida. The Nats are starting a lefty Gio Gonzalez, which should account for some of the shuffling going on in the Cardinals' lineup. Lance Berkman is not starting today. The minor league backfields are prepared to offer him at-bats this morning so that he can hit from the left side of the plate.
Brown also said: "He improved dramatically from last year. He had a lot of added responsibility this year compared to previous years. We played through him at times. His minutes went up, and we demanded a lot from him on both ends of the floor, even at times in a leadership role for a young guy who's still trying to find his way."
Under a crystal blue sky and temperatures of minus 40 F (minus 40 C), the group remembered the Norwegian explorer's achievement on the spot where he placed his flag on Dec. 14, 1911.
The winner of NBC's "The Voice" is Jermaine Paul. He plans to write emotionally-drived songs like his friend, Alicia Keys.
In mid-2006, however, he seemed to lose his touch.
Director, Zone 2 - 4 Yr. Term John L. Griffith 03/15/2011 Fee
Housel said the suspect threw the crowbar at Gorneau, who then fired his weapon. It's not known if the suspect was hit.
Several passengers were injured, but none was killed.
As it seeks budget cuts, Mr. Rutte's fragile coalition in the Dutch Parliament is at risk of fraying, potentially undermining its plans to ratify a new European fiscal treaty and agree on a deficit-reduction package. New elections and a long period of uncertainty while a new government is formed are a possibility, the Citigroup economists said.
Alan Wolfelt, a grief counselor and author of "Healing Your Grieving Heart" (Companion Press), suggests that people who are grieving identify three friends or family members who can provide support on a regular basis in the first weeks and months after a loss. The following tips may also be helpful:
remarkable eighth straight title Saturday at the Missouri boys swimming and diving championships, but plenty of area performers provided rave performances of their own.
"It is called the game of the mouse playing against the elephant. This is the only way we are able to fight them. What's a rifle against a tank?" said Abu Adeeb, 39, who carries a 9-millimeter gun and a quick temper with him wherever he goes.
The Bureau doesn't blame the gap on the level of male chauvinst piggyness state to state. Instead, the Bureu cites "variations in the occupations and industries found in each state and the age composition of each state's labor force."
"We didn't feel like we were outmatched," Marquette junior guard Sam Scheiter said. "If we had played at the start like we did the remainder of the game, we could have had a chance."
Jamison was in the company of Melissa Bosch, 27, of West Side Avenue, at the time of the incident and she was charged with tampering with evidence and obstructing, Makarski said.
"We are working with Adams County in an attempt to locate the child," said Liz McDonough, spokeswoman for the Colorado Department of Human Services.
With Obamacare remaking one-sixth of the economy, it would be unusual for the Supreme Court to overturn legislation so broad and sweeping. On the other hand, it is far more unusual to pass such a fundamentally transformative law on such a narrow, partisan basis.
Chandler's presence helped change the team's approach. The Knicks allowed league-lows in points in the paint (32.3 points per game) and scoring by opposing centers (14.3 points per game) after ranking 28th in both categories a season ago (42.4 ppg and 19.7 ppg respectively).
Your choices range from a mysterious shirt that shows hidden images when it gets wet to a screw that promises to fix your eyeglasses in 30 seconds.
It's crucial to hold your health care provider accountable by asking one key question: "Can exercise help my condition?"
"Jerry is such a positive guy. He's in a good mind-set. He's moving forward, and getting on with things," Ruskell said. "He's doing good, not in the retiring mode, that's for sure.
4. What state did 1950s U.S. Sen. Joseph McCarthy represent?
The shopkeeper's daughter married a young man who shared her German heritage and her Roman Catholic faith. He was the only father whom Francis would ever know. He was a loving father, to Francis, and to the seven children who followed.
The study found a six-fold increase in minor underground rumblings over the last decade, when compared with the level of earthquakes in the last century.
Trump Entertainment Resorts, which owns three casinos here, is in bankruptcy, as is the Tropicana Casino and Resort after its former owners lost their casino license.
As mobile shopping takes off, more companies are hoping to get in on the action. Aisle411, a St. Louis startup company, launched a product-locator app late last year that works in several stores, including Schnucks and Shop 'n Save in the St. Louis region. Now it is working to sign on more big-box retailers to the app.
Added Ed Mullen, a 51-year-old accountant from Mountain View: "The ride home is usually heavy or stop-and-go. A lot of the time the HOV lane is only moving slightly better than the rest of us, so I would guess there are enough frustrated drivers that would pay to move a little quicker."
Bartschi made it 3-0 1:08 later with the Winterhawks on a power play.
After losing Dwight Howard and Derrick Rose to their injury list, the Americans are back to 18 healthy players in the pool, allowing for a 12-man roster and six alternates.
Q: Where can people see your work?
But the bottom line is that Oregon is a vastly different athletic department than when Kent was hired in 1997. The facilities are better. The expectations are higher, all around. The department budget is double what it was when Kent was hired. And failing to be nationally relevant isn't acceptable from a program that should aspire to be more than a perennial question mark.
What high school sports mean to me: I love high school sports. I love the lasting bonds I have made with people. Hopefully, later on in life when I'm working, I can have the type of bond that I have with my teammates.
The agreement gives the state authority to hire an outside auditor to help the state get a better understanding whether any of these factors, or others, is playing a role in lowering student achievement.
Shake n' Tell...My former Mesa Tribune colleague Rick Polito, who once almost gave our editor hemorrhoids after transposing the words "Service Before Self" in a story about the boss's Rotary Club buddies, is taking his skills to the tech world. The spiky-haired police reporter is developing a smart-phone app called "Shake-n-tell" that helps time-starved parents tell better bedtime stories to their kids.
"She was a very smart young girl and was able to describe him and what he was wearing in detail," said Dippold.
"We're going to do brain health, there's no question about it," Modic said. "It's still very open as to whether we go beyond this or just stay with what we're doing."
Officers called out to the scene found no one there, however, as the victim had been given a ride to St. Francis Medical Center.
DETROIT -- Federal safety regulators are investigating complaints that the accelerators can stick in Ford Tauruses from the 2005 and 2006 model years.
TOPS Meeting: Take Off Pounds Sensibly. Support and fellowship for losing weight. Weekly 6:30 p.m. Mon (except July 4). St. Stephen Lutheran Church, 290 W. Gloucester St., Gladstone; $1 per meeting
Jackson has been a tourist magnet since the late 1800s. In the 1940s folks began driving to the Whites with their wooden skis, bear trap bindings, lace-up boots, bamboo poles and baggy wool ski pants to schuss the slopes, then ride back uphill on rope tows powered by Model T engines. At Black Mountain, shovel handles were suspended from an overhead rope to create an early version of the T-bar; you can still see them in Jackson's Whitney's Pub.
In October, more than two dozen investors sued Jawed and Bruhn. They accused the former business partners of violating state securities laws while running a variety of hedge funds under Sasquatch and Grifphon. The lawsuit also named Grifphon's former accountants.
For Californians, the most popular destinations are Northern Arizona University, the University of Nevada at Reno, the University of Hawaii at Manoa, Southern Oregon University and New Mexico State University. In California, 10 of the 23 Cal States have joined, with the Humboldt and Chico campuses attracting the most out-of-staters. University of California doesn't participate, no surprise since it has been pushing to add non-resident students who pay $23,000 a year more than California residents.
"I wasn't able to move on it at all," Jack said after practice this week. "All I had was that chair."
The settlement also resolves separate charges brought by state securities regulators in Florida, Texas, Indiana, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and South Carolina, the North American Securities Administrators Association said in a statement. That group said there are about $300 million of the bonds still in clients' hands.
DAILY 3 April 25:
Source: The National Marrow Donor Program
"It's not hyperbole to say the subprime mortgage crisis has hit Cleveland and the inner-ring suburbs with the force of a natural disaster," said Warren.
Democrats said deficit-financed jobless benefits not only needed to help people unable to find work but that they are one of the most effective ways to pump up the still-struggling economy.
"If she gets an idea in her head, whether it's to get a certain kind of food, or see a movie, or start a nonprofit, she going to do something about it," Hersey said.
At least for the next week or two, the chasing falls to third- and fourth-stringers Tommy Vento and Peter Badovinac, though Dantonio said "the majority will go to Connor."
Blues Defenseman Barret Jackman said, "It was a pretty amazing feat what the Cardinals did, and we are just trying to say congratulations and have them out to our game."
The suit names the city and Coreen Conroy, the city's court administrator until she was fired Nov. 17. Conroy was let go for issues unrelated to Knaust, the suit says.
Bonamici is typically terse. She lists some of her legislative accomplishments, particularly in consumer protection, where she has developed expertise. And in matter-of-fact tones, she explains: "There is this thing about me," she says. "I tend to get things done."
The Pirates were at bat. Chris Carpenter was on the mound. One out. Two runners on base. Garrett Jones, a lefty, at the plate. Carpenter's first pitch was outside. His next pitch was low. But Jones reached for it, striking the ball straight-armed, like he was hitting a sand wedge. The ball spun into foul territory toward the stands.
Tucked away in back of lauded Johnny's Bar, this leafy Italianate patio is a hidden oasis on Cleveland's near West Side -- and a nice getaway. Plus there's the pleasure of Johnny's excellent fare (including some lighter summer options), and a bocce court and fountain to boot.
"We're in a more pronounced recovery here," he said. GM now expects U.S. industry-wide sales of 14 million to 14.5 million this year. That's still lower than the peak of 17 million in 2005, but better than the 2009 downturn, when 10.6 million new vehicles were sold.
Jarome Iginla, Rene Bourque and Brendan Morrison scored for Calgary, which has lost three in a row.
MacLean also taught me the traditional swing, the clean, and the snatch. The latter is swinging the kettlebell from down low into a one-handed overhead press in one fluid motion. Before you master the technique, expect to have the kettlebell smash into your forearm several times. This is how I earned my bruises.
Booker considered herself fortunate Thursday as she inspected the damage to her wooden bungalow, which escaped with only a partially charred roof and heat-warped siding.
If a marching band were to play at the school door each day, students probably would alertly hear it better. Studies show students who eat breakfast are wider awake on standardized tests, pay attention and behave better in class, and are less frequently tardy, absent or visiting the nurse's office.
Attorneys: 65.
Patrolwoman Jenna Lanndrigan woke the young man and determined that while impaired he had been involved in a crash, Ferrone said. Police believe he parked his car. No hit-and-runs were reported in the surrounding areas.
Winemaker Ed Sbragia presides over a dinner featuring his favorite Sonoma and Napa Valley wines at 7 p.m. May 9; $85. Selections include Sbragia "Gamble Ranch" Chardonnay paired with ramp risotto with Pecorino Romano and roasted ramp bulbs. Call (630) 323-9257; zaksplace.com.
Pakistan's top court convicts prime minister of contempt over presidential graft case
1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce
That case was laid out by Assistant Hennepin County Attorney Deborah Russell, a 17-year veteran of the prosecutor's office. She introduced 24 witnesses and 119 exhibits over five days.
Panetta told reporters Monday about the disciplinary action against the service members first embroiled in the scandal. He spoke en route to Colombia, where he was making a long-scheduled visit to meet with defense officials there. It was unclear how many of the service members had security clearances.
Tennessee sophomore guard Meighan Simmons keyed a 14-3 run for the Volunteers that got Tennessee back in the game, hitting some deep threes that got her team to within 35-30 at halftime.
No hugging or shaking hands with staff or volunteers. Not even family visitors. No high-fives with other teens.
The Rangers spent more than 150 days in first place. The Giants spent only 17 after May 1. Yet for all their torture, the Giants never played an elimination game this season, they never trailed in a postseason series -- and they clinched three consecutive times on the road.
The alleged violations involved Adams' divorce case being heard by Oakland County Circuit Judge Mary Ellen Brennan.
Basketball purists may argue Duke-North Carolina or Kansas-Missouri are the game's biggest, most intense rivalries. But those are like quaint tea parties compared with the animosity between Kentucky and Louisville, which required government intervention to get them to schedule each other.
The exchanges are essential to making the world's financial markets work because they help link buyers and sellers of stocks and other investments like commodities.
The score is tied 0-0 after one.
Team NEO's report, covering a wider geography, notes that many of the recent job gains occurred outside of Cuyahoga County, in Youngstown, Canton and Akron, which in June ranked third nationally for manufacturing job growth.
raised objections on Monday night to a proposed outlet mall that would be built just two miles away from it.
With the metal elements complete, he mounts the porcelain flowers on the stem. Kanevsky notes that in the 18th century, craftsmen would pierce the flowers with the stem, folding the end over and flattening it to form a rivet, because they didn't have good glues. "Now we do," he says. "So we glue."
Carl Krupacs, 77, was driving west on Ice Plant Road when he tried to cross the state highway and was struck by a car being driven south on Route 15 by Megan Kelly, 23, of Hawley, Pa., said State Police Trooper Christopher Kay.
Jung: "Why is that a ridiculous question?
INBOUND: From the Beltway, proceed south on Harford Road. Turn right onto 20th Street and then left onto Aisquith Street. Proceed as the road becomes Ensor Street and then Hillen Street. Follow Hillen to the central business district.
A Connecticut novelty company is selling a "tanorexic" action figure based on a deeply tanned New Jersey mother accused of causing skin burns to her young daughter in a tanning booth.
Maybe it's time we stop pretending that there is a difference.
Harbaugh said that the Ravens would try to keep Graham "as long as we can," but the team ultimately decided that it was more important to use the roster spot to add offensive line depth.
As for Sandow's promo, it was a strong debut for him on Smackdown, as he presented his character -- that of an upper-class snob, though in a different presentation than someone like Alberto Del Rio -- well.
"We could usurp their usurpation," said Chris David, head of the small group, which met to plot strategies to get the Vikings and their owners to pay the entire cost of a new stadium.
His students include contemporary masters like Pema Chodron and such celebrities as Allen Ginsberg, who relates how Trungpa challenged him, as he challenged everyone, by asking him why he didn't like his own poetry, why he didn't trust his own mind.
The other question: Could they do it without breaking bones, as some have?
But before the game, James' teammates said they understood what he meant. And no explanation is necessary now, not staring at a 3-2 deficit.
Then more tragedy, and soon Hunt, Dunn and Carter, joined by Agent Brandt (Jeremy Renner), a paper-pusher who seems to know an awful lot about fighting for a desk jockey, are on the run, trying to stop bad guy Kurt Hendricks (Michael Nyqvist) from starting a nuclear war between Russia and the U.S.
The law aims "to get care for the ones who need it by having everyone in the pool, but is also trying to preserve a role for the private sector, for the private insurers," said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. "There's something very odd about that, that the government can take over the whole thing and we all say, 'Oh, yes, that's fine,' but if the government wants to preserve private insurers, it can't do that."
"For one thing, they don't go out of date," Stanton says. "And the other thing is they're kind of an important contrast to all of material that's more about technology and how we live right now in 2012."
3541 Heather Trails Dr, $142,000
Q: A 1-degree rise in Celsius is how many in Fahrenheit?
The commission said in its order that it "struggled hard with this issue, both as to the extent of the rate credit and whether an immediate, one-time credit reflects the best way to provide relief to ratepayers."
Adapted from "Cocktails in New York" by Anthony Giglio (Rizzoli, 2004).
After her initial assessment, she awaited daybreak, still a couple hours away, in a neighbor's home. Her son and a friend moved as much as possible in a borrowed truck and trailer that weekend.
The Knicks trailed 30-29 after forward J.R. Smithhit a 3-pointer with six minutes, 52 seconds remaining in the first half before the unraveling began. The Heat closed the half with a 24-2 run that turned what appeared a tight game into a blowout. Forward LeBron James did not play the fourth quarter.
"Like how am I supposed to take this and soak this in? If these people like the Beatles, the Rolling Stones and Michael Jackson have these No.1s, but yet we just broke a record, how am I supposed to take that because we came from the under, under, underground," he said.
"I went through the Heisman (Trophy) three times and didn't win," Faulk said.
The vividly colored ethnic costumes Marvin Moehle keeps in a room at his home in Granite City are not the kinds of clothing cranked out rapidly in a factory. Instead, they were made painstakingly over years in the early 1900s in Eastern European villages.
Level: Moderate to difficult
Whoever is lining up at quarterback for UCLA will feel glad Su'a-Filo is there.
After coils, take a look at what comes next. Protective layers should prevent the cushy parts of the mattress from penetrating or getting caught up in the coils. A sturdy protective layer over the coils prevents your mattress from breaking down.
It has become a tradition for Kariste Holler, of Perry Hall, and Lynn Kendrick, of Phoenix, who have been coming every year. For Holler, that's 10 years, on and off; Kendrick said she has been coming for 20 years. Because she lives locally, Kendrick said she wanted to support the community as well as experience the "wonderful view."
I came to The Post originally in 1993 as a temporary features writer with no promise for a future at the paper. At the end of my stint, people and positions had shifted around to the degree that there was a "permanent" full-time job opening in the business department.
(05-11) 18:05 PDT Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla. (AP) --
They are big companies like Macy's, SeaWorld and Traveler's Insurance, a company that not only stroked a five-figure check, but also donated some of the company's signature big, red umbrellas for students to use on rainy days.
In modern times, Egypt was home to a thriving Jewish community numbering nearly 80,000 in 1945. But after the establishment of Israel in 1948, Egypt expelled its Jews and went on to fight four wars against the Jewish state. Yet Egypt was also the first Arab country to sign a peace treaty with Israel. Even as Egypt has at times exhibited strong currents of anti-Semitism, it was also a refuge for some fleeing persecution in Europe. My grandmother escaped from her native Romania during the Holocaust with the aid of Egyptian and Turkish diplomats.
Bargain Alert: During the 10-week Birthday Event celebration, children 10 and younger save $10 on the "Buy a Day ... Get the Season for Free Lotsa Card."
The crackdown continued Tuesday. State television reported that Bo had been suspended from his remaining posts on the party Central Committee and Politburo. The official news agency reported that Bo's wife, Gu Kailai, was a suspect in the mysterious death of a British businessman in November. China hasn't seen such relatively open political turmoil since 1989.
This is the kind of food that appeals to a wide range of people; on a recent visit at least four tables in the 150-seat dining room were occupied by adults with children ranging from about 6 to 16. While a couple of tables were into Diet Coke and the like, I also saw a few $100-plus bottles of Cabernet Sauvignon.
The injury cast a pall over the Yankees.
The Transportation Security Administration hasn't reported any problems, despite hype about newly-implemented full-body scanners and pat downs at airports across the country. The new procedures have attracted criticism from legislators and travelers for being too invasive.
Bryant, who got caught paying more attention to Orlando's outside shooters than Lee, knew how fortunate the Lakers were to hang on.
"We inherited a colossal mess," Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad, Democrat of North Dakota, said.
Growth in China's vehicle sales plunged from an eye-popping 35% in 2010 to just 2.5% last year as the economy slowed.
The law in question, ORS 260.432 prohibits public employees from promoting or opposing the adoption of a measure while on the job during working hours, but also states that public employees do not include elected officials.
The three-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath home has gone through its share of renovations, including new ceramic flooring in the kitchen and bathrooms, new French doors in the dining room and plantation-style shutters. The Mayers refurbished a walk-in closet in the master bedroom and turned it into a second bathroom, complete with a shower.
The department has rehired Klinger to review four years of shootings since changes were made.
Basketball coach Brad Stevens spoke favorably about the change, noting the regularity of teams from the Atlantic 10 to make the NCAA tournament field. Since 1998, no Horizon team other than Butler has earned an at-large bid. In that same period, 24 from the Atlantic 10 have done so.
"It's a lovely, large reunion of all of our families," said Wylene Burch, founder and director of the Howard County Center of African American Culture, which has mounted "A Pictorial Exhibit of Native African-American Families of Howard County, Maryland: 1875-1950" at The Mall in Columbia.
"The Perham Collection, including the Oscar, was at Foothill," Alida said. "Then the entire collection went into storage, and it was about 2000 that the collection was given to HSJ. Brian does the Oscar program every year, and every year I bring out the Oscar."
Hall called PG&E's alleged delay in disclosing the seam-weld document "totally unacceptable."
They dutifully pulled the paper-thin communion wafers from the refrigerator and arranged them in a brass bowl, poured the red wine into crystal pitchers and draped the cloth over a large gold chalice.
Park likes using dollar bills because of their strong texture, pattern and ability to hold folds well. He coaxes elaborate little wonders out of the bills: a Formula One race car; an articulated koi; even a model of the U.S. Capitol.
The private financing may be critical to making the project happen. The project costs so much that it would consume the state's entire road budget for a year. And the federally subsidized loan, called a "TIFIA," may shave up to $100 million from the project cost.
Derrick Green
Pasta lovers have mouth-watering options to choose from as well, including veal with mushroom ravioli ($18); cheese-stuffed sackatini with shrimp and scallops ($19); and smoked Gouda macaroni and cheese with asparagus and wood-roasted chicken ($16).
Midway through the song, Springsteen returns to another of his favorite words. "Where's the promise," he asks in that gruff, husky, world-weary voice he's been using for his sociopolitical songs ever since "Devils and Dust," "from sea to shining sea?" The Boss has been explicit about promises and the cost of breaking them. As he's told us in many of his songs, he believes an American is born into the promise that our communities will be there for us in hard times. But that promise is only as good as our willingness to live up to its terms. Right now, in the hardest times many of us have ever known, we aren't measuring up.
The crisp, fresh pizzas stand alone without fries, topped by hen eggs, pepperoni, zucchini or some wilder additions -- perhaps pork belly or anchovies.
On the other hand, it is nice to see the kids get up and moving in the morning without having to threaten them with explosives.
Recent filings in federal bankruptcy court showed that the Dunns, like other family members, received generous annual housing allowances. Paul Dunn was paid $304,247, including a $142,281 housing allowance and $161,966 in vendor billings. According to the filings, Dunn is still owed $64,758 for the year. Jeanne Dunn, according to the filings, received a vendor payment of $49,000.
But with consolidation of cruise lines in the 1990s and a plethora of new ships, the lines had to get creative. Cruise line representatives I spoke with said as many as 30% of passengers on a world cruise are "all arounders."
Dallas made it a one-goal game with 5:53 to play as Ryder used his own player for a screen and snapped a wrister into the net from the right circle.
And then Kitson found the crate.
Those arrested were Alex Kim, 24, an English major, and Mike Porter, 24, who identified himself as an Occupy Oakland member. They were taken into custody on suspicion of illegal lodging and failure to disperse, Mogulof said.
It's far too early to predict the team will continue at such a pace. But the hot start leaves room to slip over the rest of the 82-game season and still achieve some remarkable things.
The station says police were searching for one suspected shooter but had not publicly identified or described that person.
The best option for a satisfying light drink is to start with seltzer water or still water. Be aware that club soda is not the same thing. While club soda doesn't have calories, it does have sodium. Once you have a clean water base, you can start adding flavorings.
"It was a marvelous affair," said poet Donald Mohammad of Marin City. "I could see the level of respect on George Bush's face. There was some admiration there."
Advocates for Children of New Jersey, in its 2010 Newark Kids Count report, said some Newark charter schools outperform state averages, as do some district schools. Some of both types of school also underperform.
- Miriam Di Nunzio
The soldiers that led the mutiny belong to the former CNDP rebel group, whose fighters signed a peace deal on March 23, 2009, agreeing to be integrated into the Congolese army.
"I wouldn't say that it was a real estate agent-directed search," said Verespej, who is 26 and works for the Ohio City Inc. neighborhood group. "It was really us directing it, through our own searching. That's one of the good things that Realtor.com and Zillow do. It puts everything in the power of the consumer."
Mood told reporters that the 300 observers the UN has authorized for the mission "cannot solve all the problems" in Syria, asking for cooperation from forces loyal to Assad as well as rebels seeking to end his rule.
Some states, including Washington, Oregon and California, already limit greenhouse gas pollution. And two other states, Montana and Illinois, require carbon capture and storage for all new coal-fired power plants.
Although Huntsman was viewed as having little chance of finishing strong in South Carolina, his endorsement of Romney could give the former Massachusetts governor, who leads in state polls, even more of the look of inevitability.
"I don't consider them fans, I consider them my friends," West said. "We had such a close bond. It's good to see the same faces. And that speaks to what Cleveland sports is about. Even though the things that went on."
The Metrodome's new field turf, freshly installed and ready for the Vikings' first Dome home game since the roof fell in last year, won't cost the public a dime.
"The squirrel that was caught during BP was not I. Just a hired decoy, rest assured I am present at CBP."
The daylong meeting begins at 8 a.m. today at the Kellogg Center in East Lansing.
Dr. Corinne Walentik, of University City, not only works professionally to save the lives of vulnerable infants, but also volunteers to help improve health care throughout the entire region.
The LED are electronic and allow messages to be changed remotely from a controller inside a building. Messages on an LED sign can scroll, but the church won't be using that feature, officials said.
Friends recall her as an intelligent, direct leader and generous mentor, an antithesis to the now-classic image of a fashion editor portrayed in the movie "The Devil Wears Prada," which many figured was based on Anderegg's acquaintance and peer, Anna Wintour.
"The main thing about Tyler is he got this ball rolling," said Nichols, whose previous film "Shotgun Stories" also starred Shannon. "There were a lot of people saying, 'Jeff, we loved your first film. We loved Mike.' But nobody was putting a sack of money in our hands. Tyler was the first person to put some money behind those comments. I give him a lot of credit."
Prior to Thursday, it had been 25 years since the orchestra last performed Roussel's Third. After this, one hopes its next revival -and a return by Minkowski - won't be so far off.
Some 88,000 remain stationed there.
"We feel the turnaround school operators and IPS are being treated in the same manner as any other school in the state formula," said Alex Damron, Indiana Department of Education spokesman.
Authorities said Locane, a 39-year-old Hopewell Township resident, had a blood-alcohol level of .268, more than three times the legal limit.
Rebecca A. Dale, Daniel William Dalton, Erica Lynn Dalton, Joshua Ryan Danback, Kathryn Margaret Darst, Cathryn Paige Daugherty, Clifford J. David, Alexander Stein Davis, Ashley Anne Davis, Jane Athey Davis, Jennifer Marie Day, Kristen Ann Day, Victoria S. Day, Katherine Elizabeth DeCarli, Casey Edward Decker, Anna Marie Delabar, Elizabeth S. Demse, Helen Patricia Demse, Hayley Nicole Dennis, Olivia Marie De Priest, David Andrew Deroode, Ian Dale Dietrich, Phillip Anthony Digasbarro, Gaspare Samuel
Patrick's up to 11th in Nationwide points and thinks her time there has seasoned her for her next Sprint Cup try. She will be just the third woman to compete in a NASCAR Sprint Cup race at Darlington, joining Shawna Robinson, who finished 42nd in 2002, and Janet Guthrie, who was 16th in 1977. Patrick hopes she can bring everything she's learned so far in NASCAR to last until the end Saturday night.
As a token of appreciation to our country's military, all active-duty and retired United States military will receive a free medium popcorn with their movie ticket by showing military ID at the concession counter. This special is valid May 4-10.
Violence in the country prompted some to shy away from the race last year; there were 175 entries, compared with 217 in 2010. This year, numbers are creeping back up, with 213 enrolled.
Sizemore, 29, has been rehabbing one injury after another since the 2009 offseason. He knows about patience and frustration.
The controversial move -- which would exclude charter counties of Cuyahoga and Summit as well as the majority of Ohio municipalities that enjoy home rule -- is among the tweaks to the budget expected to be made in the Senate Finance Committee before the $112 billion state blueprint for 2012-13 is voted out, according to Senate Republican caucus spokesman Jason Mauk.
Verizon's iPhone version will work only on the carrier's current "3G" network even though the carrier has fired up a super-fast "4G" network in many cities.
Coaches voted on eight member teams for First Team All-SEC, Second Team All-SEC and for the SEC All-Freshman Team. They voted on a five-player squad for the SEC All-Defensive Team. They were not permitted to vote for their own players and ties were not broken.
Asked whether he presided over a discussion between Pujols and Hatcher and whether there was a resolution to the matter, Manager Mike Scioscia said, "There's nothing to resolve. Albert is fine. Mickey is fine."
Though a majority of Hispanic voters favor Obama, many have been frustrated by his lack of progress on immigration reform.
The Center for Responsive Politics is a nonpartisan watchdog group that tracks the flow of money in national politics. The center conducted its analysis by reviewing personal financial disclosure forms that were submitted by members of Congress for the year of 2010.
2. Drain rice and vegetables; place in a bowl. Add black beans and oil and toss well. Add salt and pepper to taste.
He has invited gay advocates and religious leaders to a breakfast at Government House on Tuesday morning and plans to further brief the news media on his proposal.
The rally was a undeniable success: Hundreds of kids from Southridge and other area schools showed up on a Saturday to hear speeches from activists and politicians. Some likely went because school administrators let them count the event toward the 60 hours of public service they must do to graduate. (A fantastic requirement, by the way.) But, as Sundahl notes, that doesn't matter as long as they heard the message.
Carrier was a volunteer wrestling coach at Horace Mann Middle School, where he worked as a resource officer.
"His background as a classically trained musician always provides moments of interest for me and the members of the orchestra," says Slatkin. "Rob is not afraid to use a sudden harmonic shift. In other words, there are moments when you do not know what is coming. That was certainly the case with the 'Star-Spangled Banner' arrangement. The audience did not realize what piece they were hearing until a good 30 seconds had passed."
Jackson wants to shake up the school district because it has failed. Why won't he apply the same ambition to failed city departments, including the Housing Department and the Water Department? And he continues to hold blameless his top officials who oversee the city's fire departments, while blasting the firefighters for abusing work rules that cost the city money.
lucky man.
At the center of the market is a small shrine where sticks of incense burn. "Sellers come here when the day isn't going well," a guide said. "They pray for better luck."
"He's on the road to mending," Ruben Rodriguez said.
"The collapse of the housing market has left many Americans with upside-down mortgages, hurting their financial stability and preventing some of them from moving to other regions where they might be more prosperous," Moutray said. "As such, housing presents both cyclical and structural problems for manufacturers."
Jimenez and Tomlin have been knocked around this spring. Antonetti said he hopes they both show improvement over their last two starts of the Cactus League season. Jimenez has been the subject of much speculation because of his unique delivery and the talent Antonetti gave up to get him last year from the Rockies.
"Can you feel his spirit in the house tonight?" asked Marlon. Judging by the cheers, the fedora hats and the sequined gloves in the audience, many could.
Derby longshot Rousing Sermon turned in his final workout for Saturday's big race, breezing five furlongs in 1:00.40 at Churchill Downs under the careful eye of Hall of Fame trainer Jerry Hollendorfer. The chestnut colt has hit the board in eight of nine career starts. "That's why I'm here and that's why the horse is here."
U.S. District Judge Richard Leon accepted guilty pleas from Daimler lawyer Gero Herrmann on behalf of Daimler's Russian and German subsidiaries and deferred prosecution agreements from parent Daimler AG and its Chinese subsidiary. Together, Daimler and its subsidiaries agreed to pay the U.S. government $93.6 million in criminal fines and $91.4 million in disgorgement of profits to settle a civil complaint by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
What it means: PERS currently sets employer contribution rates to pay off its actuarial shortfall over a 20-year period. Amortization of the shortfall is more than half of the system's annual cost to employers.
Fisher, 64, lives at the corner of Westbrook and Fullerton in Brightmoor, on the city's west side. Fullerton is unpaved near his home and runs parallel to train tracks. In the last decade, the area has become a dumping ground for trash and bodies. It is one of the deadliest areas in Detroit. "In my lifetime, I've seen them come in and get at least 10 bodies," Fisher said. "A year and a half ago, two bodies were burned right in front of my house."
For example, a design electrical engineer and an electrical contractor who each assign an electrical engineer to the project is a duplication of effort and, therefore, not lean.
Friday's rulings cover executives from 26 to 100 at each of the companies.
Clayton: Anna Marie Constantino
Rep. Ward Franz, R-West Plains, the House bill's sponsor, described the spread of K2 as an epidemic and said lawmakers should move quickly to ban the substance.
In the video, the man walks up to the base, lays down the weapon and raises his arms in surrender.
O'Grady -- whose first name is pronounced "Ashleen" -- never imagined she'd be part of something like this. But, then again, she never thought she'd be homeless.
"I think having a one-goal lead we just kind of came out on our heels and we didn't give them the respect they needed," Read said.
Lawmakers have since reversed the court and now prior offenders are again ineligible for an SIS.
-- Cutter, 92 mph, swinging strike one.
Janet Rowland
The three-member panel of the Oregon Board of Parole and Post-Prison Supervision announced this afternoon it has denied parole for serial rapist Richard Troy Gillmore.
Daniel Tosh, star of the Internet-savvy series "Tosh.O" on Comedy Central, performs stand-up in this uncut, extended version of latest Comedy Central special, which debuted March 6 on the same channel. Unrated, 58 minutes. DVD extras: an encore, a day in the life, two opening acts and the aired version of the special. From Paramount. Available March 8.
In adding a No. 1 starter under contract through 2013, ownership made the right kind of deal. The Dolans were aggressive buyers.
Minneapolis was named No. 2 on a list of the top 10 cities for affordable vacations by Livability.com, a national website that highlights more than 500 of America's best places to live. Others on the list were Louisville, Ky., No. 1; San Antonio, Texas; Chattanooga, Tenn.; Greenville, S.C.; Tulsa, Okla.; Boulder, Colo.; Athens, Ga.; and Tempe and Rogers, Ariz.
Starting when their policy meeting ends Wednesday, Fed members plan to forecast the direction of those rates four times a year. The clearer guidance will accompany the Fed's usual quarterly predictions of growth, unemployment and inflation.
EAST LANSING -- Nick Hill was the leading rusher for both squads Saturday at Michigan State's spring game.
The controversy over bill-collection tactics at Fairview hospitals has tarnished one of the most trusted medical brands in Minnesota and has delivered a sobering hit to Minnesota's stellar health care reputation.
The 1948 season was one of the shiniest for the Dutch, who won the Iowa Conference title.
He sat down at one slot machine, played for a while, then moved to another one and played there, too. He kept playing as a security guard walked right past him.
The system, experts say, should have treated the women as if they had survived a shooting or stabbing.
"There were many times that I didn't know what to do," Wesley said. "There were many days that I could do nothing but think and I didn't want to think."
This week, the group began releasing on its website summaries of 12 settled and pending cases, and intends to publish one each day at www.aclu-nj.org. The lawsuits were all brought by citizens.
And in front of a crowd waving flags from as far away as Brazil and Japan, Bono said tens of thousands had traveled worldwide to Dublin. "You know the best place to see U2 live is right here," he said to cheers.
And then we hear what the engineers hear in their booth: an ungodly, out-of-tune racket that bears only a faint resemblance to pop music as we know it. The Shaggs can't play or sing.
Researchers have harvested bacteria on the Earth's surface that was thousands of years old and reported last year that some of them were resistant to antibiotics. That might have been due to exposure to natural antibiotic threats in their environment.
Catoctin improved to 9-4 (8-2).
Befitting its name, Alcatraz is a bleak outpost of mud buildings and tents, frigid in winter, sweltering in summer. "There are no showers, laundry facilities, chow hall or pretty much anything else," said a Marine who spent months there.
When pressed for specifics on how implementation will be enforced, Snyder opted to use the time-honored deflection of many UAW and auto company labor negotiators who insisted they would not do their bargaining in the news media.
9:15 p.m. next Sunday, Castro
MSD, which serves St. Louis and most of St. Louis County, estimates it would cost at least $20 billion to rip up the area's older streets and alleys and start over, and Theerman says the EPA doesn't require that. Among the long-term solutions, he said, are deep tunnels that can store sewage overflow during storms and allow it to be treated afterward.
Walking man: Rookie catcher Carlos Santana has 30 walks in his first 33 big-league games. The 30 walks are the most since Ferris Fain of the Philadelphia A's had 30 walks in his first 33 games in 1947. . . . Matt LaPorta hit his first big-league triple in the seventh inning Sunday. He's hitting .346 (18-for-52) with four doubles, one triple, four homers and 12 RBI over his past 15 games.
Spring Party The Columbia Foundation, which raises, manages and distributes funds to support the county's nonprofit organizations, will hold its 30th annual Spring Party from 5:45 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. May 15 at Howard Community College's Horowitz Visual and Performing Arts Center, 10901 Little Patuxent Parkway, Columbia. Tickets are $75 per person. Information: 410-730-7840 or columbiafoundation.org.
The couple needed a new place to live, since their mobile home was unfit for him to get around in, so the organization found them a home and currently helps the couple with rent, food and medical and legal assistance.
Heavy publicity has yielded a deluge of tips in the case, but not all of them become publicly known either because they didn't pan out or are still being investigated. The car description is a solid lead, a milestone for a family desperate for answers.
According to SI.com's figures, no team made a bigger reach on Friday than Bill Belichick's New England Patriots, who took Illinois safety Tavon Wilson with the 16th pick of the second round. Is anyone clamoring around here for Belichick's head? Anyone?
Republicans face pressure within their party to keep the focus on tougher immigration enforcement. But some GOP leaders say the party also needs to improve its standing with Hispanics, the fastest-growing voter group in the U.S.
Neatly organized with bins and shelves occupying lots on opposite sides of San Pablo Avenue at Channing Way, Ohmega has taken the guesswork out of locating an intricately decorated doorknob that originally adorned an 1880s Kansas farmhouse you've been looking for high and low. They have a box of the gems stripped of paint, polished and ready to take on a new life.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell as much as 87 points before ending the day down 10.75 points, at 13,268.57. It was an about-face from the day before, when investors chose to focus on a couple of positive reports on U.S. manufacturing and sent the Dow up 66 points to its highest close in more than four years.
The governor said the door is not closed to giving the mayor what he wants.
It's the first major trophy the storied English side has won since James became affiliated with it last season.
Responding to the incident at Avenue C and Andrew Street at 10:43 p.m., police questioned Tara Smith, the driver of a black Toyota Corolla who slurred her words as she spoke with police, reports said.
To get into character, Lithgow listened to Alsop interviews and a White House phone recording in which the columnist began lecturing President Lyndon Johnson about the composition of the Warren Commission. "You heard him browbeating Lyndon Johnson as if he was an unschooled little brother. How arrogant can you get?" says Lithgow. He also tapped into the rarified, clubby, world he and Alsop shared: Both are Harvard University graduates. "I know these people extremely well," says Lithgow.
REVENGE, 10 p.m. Wednesday: Emily VanCamp plays a scheming lass in the Hamptons. The results are slick and unconvincing. Sept. 21.
Packed with students it can't afford, the university is preparing to end its promise to admit all qualified high-school graduates from Santa Clara County.
The menu is still evolving as they focus on the tastes of their customers. Popular dishes include the Mediterranean Wrap (filled with cream cheese, spinach, avocado, feta, tomato, black olives, pesto and balsamic vinaigrette); Gourmet Grilled Cheese (two cheeses, bacon and tomato); and Pretzel Melt, which happens to be "the talk of the town." Ham and cheddar is served on a pretzel bun, broiled open-faced and topped with honey mustard.
Ronald Smith was convicted in 1983 for the shooting deaths of two young Montana men while he was high on drugs and alcohol.
David P Stief
Startups
Note: From "Drink-ol-o-gy/The art and science of the cocktail," by James Waller.
Marton was charged with 68 counts of pandering sexually oriented material involving a minor, illegal use of a minor in nudity-oriented material and possession of criminal tools.
It was all part of the star-studded West Coast premiere of "8," a play about the 2010 federal court fight against Proposition 8, the gay-marriage ban that California voters approved in 2008.
Tebow's skyrocketing popularity, or "Tebowmania," was similar to what has occurred in New York this season with Knicks point guard Jeremy Lin, a Harvard University-educated, undrafted player who has been inundated with endorsement offers since taking over as a starter last month. Lin is also a devout Christian who publicly acknowledges his faith.
"Then things started getting rough" as the debt began to accumulate, he said. "We were working with them right to the very end. But when they left, they left."
The St. Louis Community College Board of Trustees on Thursday announced the selection of Dorsey. She'll take the helm on June 16.
"I've had some coaches come up to me and say, 'What are you doing, Coach?'" Ladue coach Kevin Clawson said. "I didn't do anything. They did it all."
He was charged in connection with a bribery scheme, which prosecutors said was hatched in 1997 and operated for more than a decade. It involved funneling of more than $1.2 million in bribes from V.A.S. Enterprises to Russo and his assistant Santina "Sandy" Klimkowski in exchange for lucrative contracts to perform commercial appraisals.
Neither Conway nor most other officials of Kinloch, an impoverished community of about 300 people near Lambert-St. Louis International Airport, could be reached for comment Thursday.
Workers are excited to see their engine get the racing treatment, said Guy Hamilton, United Auto Workers Local 1250 shop chairman for the engine plant.
Pitching: Tonight -- LH Drew Smyly (1-0, 1.23 ERA) vs. RH Jake Peavy (3-1, 1.67). Saturday -- RH Max Scherzer (1-3, 7.77) vs. RH Gavin Floyd (2-3, 3.13). Sunday -- RH Rick Porcello (2-2, 5.64) vs. LH Chris Sale (3-1, 2.81).
"There's a lot of ways to evaluate a quarterback," Moore said at the NFL combine in February. "Some evaluate it and put a lot of emphasis on that. That's fine. Smile, and move on."
During telephone negotiations, Pena acted irrationally, believed he was the Tony Montana character from the movie "Scarface," and threatened to kill his toddler daughter and others, according to the memo.
Fearing it would fail, former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and lawmakers pulled it off the 2010 ballot, moving it to 2012. And now, its fortunes are again fading fast, as Gov. Jerry Brown and other Democrats worry it could harm their chances on the November ballot of passing a high-profile measure to raise taxes to help balance the state's budgets.
Young went on to perform in several movies and also published a novel inspired by her career. She later became a benefactor of Drew University, endowing it with a $13 million arts center that bears her name. Several of her paintings hang in buildings on its campus in Madison.
Aquatic Consulting is also focusing on mosquito control to "make sure things don't get out of hand too much too quickly," Amalfi said.
However, Ryan Williams, a Romney spokesman, told The Arizona Republic that Romney was referring specifically to the state's E-Verify requirement as the model and not the immigration-enforcement law. The CNN debate transcript backs Williams up, but that hasn't stopped political foes and critics from blistering Romney over SB 1070.
Ryan reiterated what Tannenbaum said after the trade Wednesday night: Mark Sanchez is the team's starting quarterback. Tebow is the No. 2 and will have a package of plays every week.
She told the court he left home about 9:30 the night of the murder, saying he was going to Wellston. She said she got a phone call between 10 and 10:30 p.m., which would be about the time of the murder, but could not understand what he was saying because there was too much noise in the background. She said she did not speak with him again until after his arrest.
Yet that's why you must take her at her word that she wants to know what you think. You say you don't want to "ruin our relationship," but that's about protecting yourself from a loss.
WASHINGTON -- The Bush administration was so intent on keeping Guantanamo detainees off U.S. soil and away from U.S. courts that it secretly tried to negotiate deals with Latin American countries to provide "life-saving" medical procedures rather than fly ill terrorist suspects to the U.S. for treatment, a recently released State Department cable shows.
"On what other issues will he state his true position only after the election is over?" Romney said.
Sgt. Joe Watts said Kenneth Trey Bolinger, 24, Farmersburg, was being held in the Sullivan County Jail on $39,000 bond Saturday on preliminary charges of criminal mischief and criminal recklessness with a deadly weapon.
One of the interesting parts of the early season for me has been getting to know Raymond Felton.
"To call that a crime is to effectively handcuff our police officers out in the field from dealing with any combative suspect," Schwartz said.
Some Hawks think Shaw already has served enough time, considering he was kicked out 7:11 into the second period of Game 2, while Smith stayed in.
The Monk's Kettle, San Francisco
Though the hiring has helped support consumer confidence and incomes, "we have not seen that in a persuasive way yet," Bernanke said. The Fed needs to "remain cautious" in deciding what its next moves should be, he said.
When the school day ended, there had been no particular person of interest identified, announced Warren County Prosecutor Scott Ferguson at a press conference held in the high school library the same day at 3:30 p.m.
Meanwhile, in another medium bowl, whisk flour, salt and 1 teaspoon of the sugar. Whisk in the milk, eggs and melted butter until the batter is smooth. Set aside for 15 minutes.
Theirs was an armed romance. "Every Sunday, we'd go to church, go shooting, then have lunch at Taco Bell. That was our joke," she said. "A family that shoots together stays together."
Oregon Wild, a Portland-based conservation group kicked out of basin restoration talks, blasted the deal, saying the Bush administration was imposing a lot of conditions favorable to PacifiCorp and punting a problem it had failed to resolve in eight years.
2008: Caladesi Island State Park, Dunedin/Clearwater, Fla.
What you're going to see -- particularly with smaller banks, with the changes in some of the regulations -- it's going to put pressure from a compliance point of view on some of the banks. They're going to see their operating expenses increase. Probably over the next number of quarters and years, many small banks will find it tougher to go it alone.
Anthony "Little Anthony" Gourdine of the group Little Anthony and the Imperials performed tonight.
Carpe Diem Wine Bar: Appetizers and plates: $6-$18. 1001 Second St. (707) 224-0800. carpediemwinebar.com.
Last July, TRU sent all of its 150 clients a report dubbed "Meet the Post Gen" that named and defined the next generation. "When you say, 'Here's the name of the next generation,' " says Hess, "people lean forward and smile."
If you're visiting Las Vegas, why not follow their lead and include a road trip to Los Angeles in your vacation? Better yet, spend a day or more on the drive and explore the landscape in between.
It means they are in position to perhaps earn home-court advantage throughout the playoffs, especially considering the Boston Celtics, whom the Cavs lead by two games in the loss column, are now missing five players because of injury and the Lakers are starting a stretch where they play 10 of 13 games on the road.
Zumwalt West (7-11) was looking for something to smile about. On Wednesday, it scored only 20 points in a loss at Parkway Central.
I see the Taste as so much more than food. When my boy was little and money was tight, I'd feed him at home, and he thought the treat was the ice cream he got at the Taste. He was about 8 before I ever fed him there.
Beginning in September 2011, and continuing for about 18 months, FirstEnergy intends to idle Ashtabula and its Lakeshore plants. The Eastlake and Bay Shore units will operate only during the winter and summer.
Goaltender Brian Elliott has done a fabulous job since stepping in for Jaroslav Halak. Blues defensemen are blocking shots in front of him and the forwards are clamping down on the backcheck.
Edwards' program has been housed on the third floor of UO's downtown Portland building for the past three weeks. Next summer's course, Edwards said, will be three months long.
Eligible people could get a refund even if they do not owe taxes.
Cannon said a spill in the remote Arctic Ocean would be even more difficult to clean up and would threaten "our thousand-year-old subsistence traditions."
Do you wonder how trash gets into the sea? You guessed it, people. Improper disposal of trash is a large cause of the problem. Do you ever think about what kinds of things end up floating in the ocean or endangering the marine life? Here is the Center for Marine Conservation's list of the 12 trash items most frequently collected from the ocean: cigarette butts, plastic, foam, food bags and wrappers, paper, glass, plastic bottle caps and lids, soda cans, glass bottles, plastic straws, plastic bottles and foam cups.
Certified teachers and administrators pay 14 percent of their wages into the system instead of Social Security. That payment is increasing to 16 percent.
A major Yahoo shareholder who exposed the misrepresentation Thursday is now leading the charge to oust Thompson for unethical conduct. In a Friday letter, activist hedge fund manager Daniel Loeb demanded that Yahoo's board fire Thompson by noon ET Monday or face possible legal action.
"He'll throw a breaking ball 3-1 for a strike," Searage said. "Then when it's 0-2 you're thinking breaking ball but he's zipping a fastball by you at 91 and you're thinking 'what just happened?'"
While on the freeway, the group got into some type of altercation with men in a blue, newer-model SUV with tinted windows. The men pulled alongside Chainhalt's car, threw beer bottles, and made gestures toward the group, according to witness accounts of the early-morning incident.
Republic reporter Ginger Rough contributed to the report.
The severity of the foreclosure situation also varies by area. St. Louis city is faring the worse, with one out of 218 homes in foreclosure. By contrast, only one in every 957 homes in Monroe county were in foreclosure.
Amazon has said in the past that the complexity of the state and local sales tax system makes it impossible for big online retailers to accurately collect sales tax and that it supports a national, standardized approach.
Employees will begin to pay more for their health insurance when their contracts expire. For those without contracts or with contracts that have already expired, the increased payments could begin as soon as January, when new health insurance plans are expected to be completed.
Cultivating humor
Besides Annette, his wife of 30 years, Henry is survived by his daughter, Ruth Massaro; his son, Keith; two grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren.
Brown recently proclaimed in a video posted to YouTube that he was "not a monster."
Speaking in an interview, Groves said real-time census data showed public awareness of the 2010 count had improved since January to levels similar to 2000 at this point, which he called "good news." Still, he remained particularly concerned about motivating young adults, who were lagging other groups. Many twenty-somethings now on their own were living with their parents in 2000, so they haven't had the experience of filling out census forms.
"I thought nothing could be harder than being diagnosed with cancer," said Winegard, as she reflected on her decision to apply for medical school and become a pediatrician.
Los Angeles County Clerk and Registrar Dean Logan said he doesn't expect much fallout from the budget provisions. "Most county registrars are going to realize that they have to register voters," he said.
If academics is going to be her college job, she expects the extras -- especially soccer -- to be fun.
Ray Leach, chief executive of Cleveland's JumpStart Inc., cheered Biden's announcement of the small-business lending initiative. The nonprofit JumpStart invests in entrepreneurs, and Leach serves on a national advisory council that recommends policy changes to the U.S. Commerce Department.
4 Kyle Kerrick WR 6-3 197 Fr. Fr. HS Coatesville, Pa. (Coatesville Area)
Councilman Richard B. "Dick" Ladd, a Broadneck Republican, referred to "gooks" from his seat on the dais when speaking about his time serving in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War.
The color is ring gold with fine, even bubbles. The aroma has some toasted qualities and faint red and rich Chardonnay fruit. The taste is clean and round and finishes very well. This is a classic. 88 points.
The Camera
So there is every incentive for quiet, calm diplomacy to resolve the Chen issue. Not surprisingly during this election season, President Obama has already been criticized for not speaking out forcefully enough. But provocative U.S. rhetoric could make it harder for China to step back and move on.
When Kelly was recruiting Pryor, all the then-coordinator had to sell was the concept of a wide-open offensive scheme. And maybe uniforms.
Pravesh Shiwnaraia and Vinay Roopchan, both of Queens, were stopping in Times Square before heading to the World Trade Center site. The held a large American flag between them.
Then: 16.5 percent
Thus, when Tosca throws herself to her death in the opening sequence, the audience will see her fall onto a backstage mattress.
"Our goal when we first started was to get a 45 single on the jukebox at the Congress. Some people's goal is to get on the radio, but ours was just to get on the jukebox," Burns says.
Mary Jo Jacobs
They hear words like dementia and depression, they read about players who have suffered a traumatic brain injury and they're asking themselves: Is football worth it?
"My life is in your hands, Mr. President," Weinstein said in the new video. "If you accept the demands, I live; if you don't accept the demands, then I die."
The explosion of San Diego's gourmet food trucks, serving everything from seared ahi and grass-fed sliders to New England lobster rolls, has brought them a level of acclaim once reserved for their brick-and-mortar rivals.
"When I started out, I thought I could go in and change the environment, change the way these people behave," Dudley said. "Lo and behold, I couldn't. There was just constant conflict with some of these boards.
On Sept. 11, 2001, people flocked to the park to appreciate nature, she recalled. There were no planes flying overhead, and it was quieter than usual.
Now just about every dish is influenced by the South. During a recent visit I was surprised at how bold and delicious the menu has become, starting with an appetizer that should cause a national sensation: cornmeal-crusted oysters ($13). By themselves, they would win over the most headstrong loyalist, but Rosenthal sets them on a puddle of Herbsaint-scented pureed spinach nestled in the bottom of the shell and tops them with a precise zest of preserved lemon and a square of crisp-fried bacon. It's a symphony of tastes and textures - the crunch of cornmeal, the gush of oyster liquor, the kiss of citrus, the licorice-infused spinach and the salty meatiness of the bacon.
The latest study found that roughly 8.1% of the population between 12 and 17 years old reported experiencing a period of depressed mood lasting two or more weeks in the preceding 12 months. As he or she ages from 12 to 17, the report found, a child grows more likely to have a depressive episode. Almost 15% of girls 15 to 17 years old described to survey-takers a major depressive episode in the preceding year, compared to an average of 6.4% of boys 15 to 17 years old who did so. Teenage boys were consistently less likely to report depression -- or to get help for it -- than were girls, a pattern that continues into adulthood.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Bill Patmon blamed Mayor Frank Jackson today for a "decade of decline," offering his sharpest critique yet of the man whose job he hopes to win next week.
Though they worked for the same company, Alexis and Erik were strangers, and actually met on the plane to St. Louis. They eventually became a couple and decided to buy a home together in 2010. They were charmed by the historic homes of the Central West End and the neighborhood's many amenities. In fact, a small "colony" of their co-workers and fellow former Virginians settled in the area.
"One of things I've always been conscious of is not turning your back on people who didn't support you," he said.
Commissioners voted unanimously in April 2008 to promote Linda Rybak in the human resources department, increasing her $48,000 salary to nearly $54,000, as part of a reorganization. The change, according to a memo to commissioners, would save nearly $20,000 because of a position vacated by a secretary.
Pictures of the baker and his creations line the walls, his family argues on monitors, but for customers in search of a memory not a cannoli to take home, there's an autographed, life-sized cardboard cutout in the corner. And seven hours a day, seven days a week, he's not going anywhere.
The Giants cannot address Umenyiora's situation until the lockout is over, at which point they'll decide whether to retain him while also attempting to re-sign fellow defensive end Mathias Kiwanuka, who is scheduled to be a free agent. With uncertainty surrounding two of their best pass rushers, the Giants' depth at defensive end suddenly seems a bit unsettled.
"My question is, does she want to join?" said Jason Avery, a tournament patron from Birmingham, Ala. "If she has an interest, then that's the debate."
Game 3 of the NHL's Western Conference semifinal series between the Blues and the Los Angeles Kings will be telecast at 9 p.m. by NBC Sports Network.
CU coach Jon Embree officially ruled Orms out for the rest of spring Monday as the Buffs returned to spring practices following 10 days off for spring break. Orms has been out since midway through the third practice last month when he pulled his right hamstring again.
The unusual showdown of two billionaire executives came on the second day of a trial here to determine if Google's Android mobile operating system infringed Oracle's Java programming technology.
808 Grinds
The Weinberg Family
The couple, who attended the Supreme Court arguments, said they had no reason to suspect there were wetlands on their property. They paid $23,000 for their property in
Tuesday 8th--TEA AT TEN "How wonderful it will be to have a spot of tea." Come join us in the Senior Lounge. $1 donation. Includes tea and a pastry from Starbucks.
He said firefighters planning to attend the funeral can park at the Woodbridge Center Mall near the former Fortunoff wing, and shuttle buses will take them to the church.
Last year, Komen gave $1.2 million to 19 local community-based organizations, clinics and hospitals for breast cancer screening, diagnosis and support services, according to Vue.
The Nets likely need Wallace to retain any hope of keeping point guard Deron Williams, who has said he will opt out of his '12-13 option and become an unrestricted free agent. Wallace also surely realizes that with his numbers down significantly this season, he might be hard-pressed to get a contract that will pay him $11 million if he chooses to opt out, and he might be better served to remain with the Nets.
Parking is by meter or in nearby garages. It's not always easy to find a spot. In addition to quarters, bring cash. The cafe charges 35 cents for use of a debit card and doesn't accept other forms of plastic.
"I tell you what: I think it's kind of good," Kubiak said. "We need to get back on the field and play a lot better than we did last week. It's a tough turnaround physically, but mentally, probably the best thing we can do is go play another game here real quick."
"It's still a good time to be a middle school student in Gloucester," Burns said.
-- SB1506 would make simple possession of cocaine, heroin and other (non-cannabis) drugs a misdemeanor, instead of a felony. It's authored by Sen. Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, who also wrote the 2010 law that lowered possession of small amounts of marijuana to an infraction, down from a misdemeanor. The bill will be considered by the Senate Public Safety Committee on Tuesday.
Duncan's answer went further than Biden did Sunday, when he said he was "comfortable" with the idea of "men marrying men" and "women marrying women" having the same rights as heterosexual couples.
As downtown woke up, the ballpark was already in full swing, with workers trekking in the new scoreboard showing the word Tigers in an American flag scheme.
"He just has an insatiable desire and appetite to become better," Krzyzewski said. "He wants to be coached and he works with the coach to get better. He's an easy guy to coach.
An elbow injury cut short his rookie season and required reconstructive surgery that sidelined Strasburg for a year, and the Nationals have been careful about bringing their ace along slowly.
Harkless should do what he said: Live the moment. There will be plenty of time later to consider the NBA. He can use the rest of the season to impress the other supposed best freshman in the nation.
Silicon Valley is nothing, if not adaptable. And India is a classic case of the valley's ability to adjust to the reality on the ground.
Asked what conduct that covers, he responded, "Anything."
Mahlangu wasn't kidding on her sign. She has traveled to Japan, France and the U.S. to paint wall-size installations. She has created a custom-paint job for a BMW art car (joining the likes of David Hockney, Roy Lichtenstein and Alexander Calder). And her work has been exhibited from Italy to Australia, in such prestigious venues as Paris' Pompidou Centre and Germany's documenta IX exhibit. But that afternoon in her home, Mahlangu was content to chat with us about her art and her travels as a living icon of South Africa's Ndebele (pronounced "N-day-BAY-lay") culture.
Her lawyer, Jordan Glass, said Monday that the industry "didn't expect someone like Patti to fight back. ... She was up against billions of dollars of corporate power. They had the money, they had the legal intellect, they had the experience, they had everything. She had nothing."
Joe Johnson led the way for Atlanta with 22 points and Jeff Teague chipped in 18. Josh Smith added 16 points and 12 boards, but departed the game with a left knee sprain with 4:20 left in the fourth quarter.
Of those rejected, 36 were Democrats, 11 were Republicans, four were independents and 27 did not list a party. Strickland made 125 post-election appointments; 48 were rejected.
BLACK CAT: Street Dogs (Monday); Pueblo (Tuesday); Deathfix (Wednesday); Black Cobra (Thursday); JC Brooks and the Uptown Sound (Saturday)
Ask most adults to conjure their earliest memories and they usually can't recall any that occurred before they were school age. This phenomenon, called infantile amnesia, has been recognized for decades. But the forgetting appears to happen slowly throughout childhood.
Last week, John Grizzell of University City teed off a bit on the growing trend of highway tailgating and its obvious safety hazards. The discussion generated some interesting debate on
"I remember reading about the stock market crash before the 'great' depression and how there were wealthy bankers and businessmen jumping out of windows when they realized they screwed up and lost everything," according to the online note, dated Feb. 18 and signed "Joe Stack, (1956-2010)."
"It really speaks to the level of angst that's out there," Luschini said, referring to the swings.
The officer sustained non-life-threatening injuries, but was taken to the hospital.
Wolf Mountain Vineyards & Winery
The couple's nine-year marriage was already rocky before this week's email: They separated for a time last summer; police visited the Lockyer house in August over a family disturbance; one of the couple's arguments led Nadia Lockyer to the Newark motel in February the night she said Chikhani assaulted her.
Lever recalls a different turning point that junior season. It involved an upset loss in the division playoffs to Tucson Sunnyside, a team Pueblo had whipped twice during the regular season.
Should they fear coming into contact with law enforcement? Should they get behind the wheel of a automobile and drive (let alone drive their grandchildren around)? Is it illegal to drive without a license? Does "undocumented" mean illegal?
The most noticeable feature of the 787 for fliers is its windows, which are 30 percent larger than those on older jets. Passengers no longer need to hunch forward to see the ground. Those in the middle of the plane can even glance out part of the windows. Instead of shades, the windows come equipped with a glare-reducing, dimming system.
However, a check with the NFL confirmed that Pryor, at this point, may not be eligible for the supplemental draft.
Seal Beach police officials have not released the calls made to their dispatchers.
Less successful was the sultani kebab, at $15.95 one of the pricier items on a value-priced menu. The dish paired a char-broiled steak strip and a skewer of kafta kebab, a blend of ground beef and lamb, over fragrant rice. There was nothing tender about what was billed as tenderloin, and the kebab was chewy, making a side of yogurt sauce all the more welcome.
Gordon denied the allegations.
When TAPPS asked members in a 2010 survey how they felt about admitting Iman Academy, Houston's St. Thomas High School was one of the schools that "made it clear that their exclusion would force us to consider leaving the organization," the Rev. Patrick Fulton, the principal, recounted in a recent newsletter to parents.
2550 Charglow Dr, $225,000
Erin Callan, demoted in June as Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.'s chief financial officer, joined Credit Suisse Group to lead its investment bank's global hedge-fund business. Ms. Callan is a Credit Suisse managing director. (2007)
Yet the nursing home's own workers, along with other medical experts, would later testify that having normal bowel movements was highly unlikely given the severity of Johnnie's condition, the depositions reveal.
Former Post-Dispatch columnists Mary and Jack Billings took on the task of developing a copycat recipe a decade ago. "Several copycat recipe websites claim to have the definitive cheddar cheese biscuit recipe," they wrote at the time. "But none of the six we tried was exactly like Red Lobster's, so we combined elements from several, added our own touches and came up with this clone."
"It depends on the active ingredient," says Laura Kelly, president of the American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry. Only some brands contain a peroxide, and those that do have very low concentrations--usually 1 to 2 percent. That's enough to remove surface stains and give teeth a good outer cleaning but not enough to make tooth shades whiter. "They're more effective at maintaining your shine after you've undergone stronger in-office or at-home whitening treatments," says Kenton Ross, a spokesperson for the Academy of General Dentistry.
Remember that story about the guy busted for barking at a police dog? He's fighting the charges by saying it's a free speech issue. We think the fact that he told cops "the dog started it" when he was arrested -- and that fact that he was drunk at the time -- is going to make this one an uphill fight.
Eckhart and Higdon face charges of felony criminal mistreatment and unlawful imprisonment. Their next appearances in Clark County Superior Court are scheduled April 27.
Typhoon Lagoon
18. Tombstone of Prince Eric of Sunbeam, Armand Hammer's prize stud Angus, the "bull of the century." Whenever you eat an Angus beef burger, chances are good you are dining on one of Eric's many progenies. Remains of the famous bull, who died in 1953, are in New Jersey, but his tombstone was moved to the American Angus Association, 3201 Frederick Avenue in St. Joseph;
In November, a 29-year-old Vancouver resident named Jaeger Mah stepped out of Vancouver International Airport after having lived there for 80 straight days.
The PDC made Williams' company a loan in 2007 to design a building. To date, the firm has borrowed $1.9 million. As part of the 2006 contract, the city also agreed to let Williams' company develop the building for a $1.7 million fee. The firm did not have to compete in a public bid against nonprofit developers, as is typically required.
The bill's sponsor, State Rep. Matt Huffman, a Republican from Lima, defends the bill, saying that it gives families choice and that he doubts there will be "a mass exodus" from the best public schools. He must have never heard about the law of unintended consequences.
Edgewater Hotel. Historic 1927 bed and breakfast with 13 rooms; adjacent to the West Orange Trail. $76-$130. 99 W. Plant St. 407-654-6921, www.historicedgewater.com.
Coyne worked as a deputy county treasurer before switching in 1999 to county Prosecutor Bill Mason's office, where he served as director of budget and fiscal operations. He later became director of human resources and operations.
"That was dominating in a sense," he said. "That's the Niemann I'm used to seeing."
"What he did was everything he could to pay his creditors," Aver told the Journal. "But like so many others, he's underwater."
Howard's group filed a federal lawsuit in Sacramento County recently, arguing that the dependency court, which deals with children who have been removed from their homes because of allegations of abuse and neglect, is overburdened. He said CPS social workers also have unmanageable caseloads.
A lot has happened in the 43 months since that night, the district's lowest moment.
ROUND 10: Mosley throws a combination that does little damage. Canelo misses with a hard right. Hard left by Canelo. Mosley hard left to the body. Two hard rights by Canelo land. Canelo's eye is bleeding, but it doesn't seem to bother him. Canelo again lands the harder punches. Alvarez, 10-9 (99-91).
Still, when doctors asked the couple whether they wanted to terminate the pregnancy, they refused.
Besides the wide array of clothing in his house, Sager also has an interesting variety of offbeat sports memorabilia, perhaps the most unusual a piece of "droppings'' produced by Seattle Slew the night before he won the Belmont Stakes in 1977 to claim horse racing's Triple Crown. Sager said he slept in the barn that night.
A. Probably the breaded tenderloins. It is a Hoosier classic, after all. But our "Friendly's famous wings" are pretty good sellers, too. We sell probably 1,200 pounds of wings every week. We move a lot of chicken.
CATTAIL COVE STATE PARK - Boaters, anglers and RV campers know all about Cattail Cove. Arizonans in general, though, maybe not so much.
You can finish your Spanish-themed architectural wanderings with a few evening hours at the Arlington Theatre, a genuine picture palace whose walls are lined with Mission scenes backlit to give a wonderful golden glow, as if in perpetual sunset. It holds more than 2,000 people and is often used for concerts, ballet, comedy and other live events in addition to films.
"This team is loaded with a lot of seniors and upperclassmen and our experience showed tonight," Huettner said.
"We are relieved that Mr. Neuman has admitted that he killed Rusty Sneiderman," said Seth Kirschenbaum, the attorney representing the vicitm's widow, Andrea Sneiderman. "This was a cold-blooded, pre-meditated murder, however. Hopefully, the prosecution is prepared to rebut his insanity defense. "
If runoff is a big problem in your yard, get rid of some of the hard surfaces. Replace little-used patios and other slabs with soil, which will soak up much of the rainwater, and with plants and trees that absorb the water through their roots.
Assistant Essex County Prosecutor Eileen O'Connor disagreed, citing Wilson's two juvenile offenses and a fourth-degree conviction as an adult for which he was sentenced to probation.
The Department of Environmental Quality, which will implement the new standards, has said waivers will be available for industry and treatment that can't meet them right away.
Durbin called together those officials in response to a recent investigative series by the Chicago Tribune that found dangerous criminals were able to cross the border and remain at large because of an astonishing lack of coordination among Justice Department officials, county prosecutors and local police; a failure by these agencies to keep track of their cases; and inexplicable, years-long delays.
Babeu faces an incumbent tea party Republican who switched districts, U.S. Rep. Paul Gosar, and state Sen. Ron Gould, a conservative from northwestern Arizona, in an August primary.
He was not disappointed by the blackberry creme from the Lite 85 series. He also recommends coconut cream.
The spurned suggestion of Dooley from the 1960s was not the only suggestion repeated by folks who contacted me about the new bridge in the past week.
"Motivation is the most important thing for everything you do," is the message Simon Correa, also an eighth-grader, took home from the event.
May 6. Services will be discounted with proceeds going to The Center for Cancer Prevention and Treatment at St. Joseph Hospital. No appointment is needed. Information: 714-879-3932.
The breakdown: Developed into an elite player last year, and finished by outplaying Robert Griffin III in the Alamo Bowl (7 total TDs).
"It was kind of thrown together. Our lead was the valet car parker at the Venetian," Rudner said.
Walgreens might get along without Express Scripts, but it probably can't afford to lose Medco, too, says Clark, the Edward Jones analyst. "It's in the best interest of Walgreens to get a deal done," he said.
"It's very much an industry that's transforming itself," says Neg Norton, the group's president. "I don't think our members look on this as a dying Yellow Pages business, I think they look at it as a rapidly growing digital business."
"At this point, we're more concerned about the risk of a downgrade than a default," said Terry Belton, global head of fixed income strategy at JPMorgan Chase. In a conference call with reporters Tuesday, Belton said the loss of the country's AAA rating may rattle markets, but it's "better than missing an interest payment."
These pellets bounced off of the men and the car. The officer located and questioned the five hunters, but none were charged.
The award was made Monday on the eve of the Geneva auto show. The Opel Ampera made its European debut at the Geneva show in 2009.
She only questions that obligation when she realizes her intended, Garth (Chris Carmack), has no howl. Wolves lure mates by crooning, and Garth's tone deaf. And just as Kate's wondering what to do, game wardens tranquilize her and Humphrey and transport them to an Idaho park to "repopulate" the place.
It was Waterloo's first win over O'Fallon since 2003. The schools did not play in 2008, and there was a rainout in 2004.
In Bangkok, police said Karr had been living in a dormitory-style guesthouse called The Blooms in a neighborhood of massage parlors and travel agents that cater to expatriate residents and sex tourists.
12. Centennial, 68
We remember being allowed to slide down the fire escape on Halloween, hooting and hollering all the way, and landing in a pile of cinders at the bottom. The school nurse, Miss Knotts, was there to paint skinned knees and knuckles with Mercurochrome.
"My people are pleased that Baltimore County has managed to give them the step increases, and no furloughs and no layoffs. They are very appreciative of that," Beytin said.
(DIY) I Hate My Kitchen -- A closed-off kitchen gets a French Country style remodel.
To me, there are basic, root causes of these problems that must be addressed, and unfortunately, it is not being done with sufficient effort or effectiveness. I firmly believe that it is not only possible to save this part of the world, but it is essential for quality of life on Earth. But as time goes on, and the pressure on wildlife and habitats continues to increase, the need to act grows every day. This opinion is not purely based on blind faith or hope. It is rooted in the knowledge of what is possible and then applying our collective experience more widely and with greater intensity.
Although the national tour of "Cats" sold out five performances last weekend, ticket sales have been slow for "The Color Purple."
When Cambodia was part of French Indochina, the French used to escape the heat of Phnom Penh at the Kep seashore. The sleepy little town is dotted with the ruins of old French estates, many designed in the art deco style. Squatters have moved into some, but many are vacant and invite exploring.
What: Chicken Bone Historical Foundation Jazz Concert Series
Back-to-school season hits peak this month, and Crayola has come out with a collection of fun new items just in time to get kids thinking about returning to classes.
Bodemeister has the gaudy speed figures, Gemologist is undefeated, and Union Rags, Daddy Nose Best and I'll Have Another have impressed in training at Churchill Downs.
"We were just looking for a different way to meet the masses," said Jeff Schaffer, owner of the Cleveland master franchise of Anago, a nationwide commercial cleaning service. He's providing the crew that will sweep the streets at the festival's end, a task he expects to be "pretty intense."
NV Sharffenberger Mendocino County Brut ($19)
The National New Deal Preservation Association, based in New Mexico, has seen an increase in calls and e-mails and a demand for maps of New Deal sites, according to spokeswoman Kathy Flynn.
Forget jumbo and colossal, this roadside attraction is super mammoth. Previously displayed in front of the Lindsay Olive packing plant, the world's largest concrete olive can now be viewed at the intersection of Highways 137 and 65 in front of the Super 8 Lindsay Olive Tree hotel between Fresno and Bakersfield. (Don't bother looking for the martini that goes with it.) 390 N. Highway 65, (559) 562-5188.
Kelley said she expects that Munoz, in her more prominent role, will "turbo-charge" the immigration debate in the White House.
Landrieu, a moderate Democrat, declined to comment Tuesday through spokesman Aaron Saunders. Saunders did say Landrieu was in Washington, not in her office, when the men showed up Monday. Landrieu has been in the news recently because she negotiated an increase in Medicaid funds for her state before announcing her support for Senate health care legislation.
It's mind-boggling that this fringy law even got this far.
Maplewood Richmond Heights
Academic bio: National Honor Society ... Honor Roll ... Senate Youth Program nominee ... Cornell University Book Award.
The 1783 eruption also apparently caused the eastern United States to have a record cold winter.
Angus King, the former Maine governor who launched the state's laptop program, said the idea of iPads in kindergarten wows him. Anything that holds the attention of pupils will help in the learning process, he said.
Los Angeles 8, Minnesota 3: Jered Weaver allowed three hits over six innings in his first start since no-hitting the Twins last week to lead the Angels over host Minnesota. Weaver is 5-0.
The slightly longer version includes relentless touring and seven albums showcasing a songwriting progression that's seen the melody and the hooks catch up with the midnight strut of their earliest, dirtiest blues-inspired grooves. But, basically, two regular guys from a regular town worked their way to the big time.
Esteban Colbert has not been seen since Sunday's fight.
"It was just night and day from a year ago," said Kempf, who doubles as Howell's club coach. "She put in so much offseason work and played at an elite level with some of the 5A players and developing her post skills."
Gloria Mayorja, 65, of Peoria, goes door to door selling homemade churros. She was selling 140 a day before Brewer signed the law. Now, she is selling only 50 or 60.
Blanched chives (optional)
"The one thing I have resisted and condemned: I do not believe that barbed-wire fences and guns on our border will solve any of our problems," he said.
Wrong. As a rule, I don't use one column to comment on another. But I'm making an exception here because the issue is so important. Recall that Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, the main programs for the elderly, exceed 40 percent of federal spending. Exempting them from cuts -- as polls indicate many Americans prefer -- would ordain massive deficits, huge tax increases or draconian reductions in other programs. That's a disastrous formula for the future.
Her effort to land the money was all business. Hayes' firm wanted in on the grant money. But when it came time to bid for it, her firm finished dead last.
The statement also points out that bets could not be placed on any college sports or athletic event that takes place in New Jersey, or any event in which a New Jersey college team is playing.
BERLIN -- Google has launched its first photos of a German city in its Street View program, after months of dispute over whether the 3-D mapping service invades privacy.
"I'd say three-quarters of those watching the match were rooting for her, even though her opponent was from Del Oro," Edmiston said. "I'm not sure any girl has ever done what she did (wrestling for a divisional title) on Saturday."
That night, Sanford police release 911 calls from the night of the shooting. In one call, Zimmerman acknowledges following Trayvon and is told by the dispatcher not to continue doing so. One of the calls received that night also included the sound of screams for help, followed by at least one gunshot. Whether it's the voice of Trayvon or Zimmerman calling for help is in dispute.
I miss you like the sun rise
First, Reed said his discussions did more than hammer out a deal to which firefighters agreed. The talks also included members of the city's African American fire association, the Firefighters Institute for Racial Equality, known as FIRE.
And in 2012, it's a day in which a lot of people stand to make a lot of money.
Oct. 14, 7 p.m., French Field
Cramton says he has no financial relationship with Invacare, and Invacare says the same.
Police tracked Wade to the house of one of his friends in San Rafael. The mother of his friend said he hung out there, but never spent the night at her house. She declined to comment further other than to say she is supportive of Wade.
Saturday's reading was held on a courtroom-like set, with eight chairs on each side and Pitt's judge's box in the center. Sheen and Clooney made for an impressive legal team, while Reilly cracked up the crowd as a verbose marriage expert.
Stewart worked as a deputy in Division 16, under criminal assignment Judge John Garvey. The judge said Stewart told coworkers he was not feeling well and left work the day he was later allegedly seen buying heroin.
In 2007, Terri Thomas of Chem Ty told officials she was paid for doing no work, The Plain Dealer reported.
been John F. Kennedy, who averaged 80, and Dwight D. Eisenhower, who had a green outside the Oval Office. President Obama is better known for his jumpshot than his short game.
Voters in this country aren't likely to take their cues from the likes of France and Greece, but the same pressures apply. The White House, which enjoyed good relations with the defeated Sarkozy, must be feeling good about the overriding message of voter dislike for the all-cuts approach, echoed in Republican mantras to trim, cut and trim again.
The legislation would forbid face-covering Muslim veils in all public places in France - even in the street. It calls for euro150 ($185) fines or citizenship classes, or both.
"It's really exciting, because that's about $72,000 in value that this doctor is donating for free," said Spencer, Smile for a Lifetime's director.
Noor brought U.S. focus onto the U.A.E., a federation of seven monarchies including Dubai and Abu Dhabi, which has emerged as perhaps the most important front line in the West's financial campaign against Iran.
As debate over a new Vikings stadium intensifies, some of the region's top business executives are working -- discreetly -- to shape how and where the new stadium will be built.
Porterfield once thought about going into theater, but said, "I wasn't happy performing."
He pointed to two elements of the sport itself -- the type of stadium and the number of breaks in play -- as reasons for the day's success as a networking event.
Edwards also showed an almost mischievous glee in introducing us to a rare white-wine incarnation of pinot noir, a German still blanc de noirs from Paul Anheuser, which had a slightly flowery nose and started reasonably dry but had a hint of sweetness on the finish.
"If I see somebody open down the field, I'm gonna just throw it," Brissett said. "You know when it's there, you know when it's not there and when to take a chance."
Sycamore in the quarterfinals Friday.
Members are also requesting tours of parks and getting permission to plant more trees in communities, which in turn will help reclaim abandoned lots and "create charmed neighborhood refuges," she said. A college intern will also be working to unearth the public locations of historic settlements that may contain fruit trees.
The pick: Any player they select will be a need player for the thinnest roster in the league, and here it would be Oklahoma State WR Justin Blackmon.
Noise factor: Let's call it energetic. OK, it's loud. With hardwood floors, tiled walls and an exposed ceiling, the space reverberates all noises, from chattering diners to the Spanish music piped through the Pig's sound system.
But when everything clicks, the food can compete with any kitchen. It's worth a trip to Table 45 to take your own culinary trip around the world. -- Bob Migra, Special to The Plain Dealer
These are not ordinary days for lottery vendors like the carwash, which also operates a convenience store tucked off a stretch of Lindbergh Boulevard in south St. Louis County.
Trenton replaced Santiago with another Newark police veteran, former Police Chief Irving Bradley. Although he owns a house in Rahway, Bradley has an apartment in Trenton.
Clarkson was issued a 10:00 misconduct penalty at 4:58.
Instead of a two- or three-month wait, a woman now can get an appointment in less than two weeks -- even sooner if her score on the Edinburgh scale is high.
The third Wednesday of every month at 3 p.m. is dog time at the Hoboken Library. Sheffield, the terrier, and Sofie, the shepherd, will be there to listen to new and practicing readers perfect their skills with the friendliest, furriest coaches around. Children must be able to read to attend. For more information or to register, call the library at (201) 420-2348.
For reservations or for more information, call 352-357-7777.
"The commissioners previously in charge at PVSC perpetuated an endless cycle of misuse of power through unethical hiring practices, gratuitous perks and conflicts of interest, leading to potentially criminal abuses inside the agency," Christie said at a press conference in Trenton. "Those days are over."
"I didn't break any rackets; I didn't say swear words on court," Harrison said. "It could have gotten better and I could have been better. I didn't really go nuts."
Jackson died in June 2009, at age 50, as he was preparing for a string of comeback concerts in London.
A dividend payment of 1.20 euros was approved at Belgium-based A-B InBev's shareholder's meeting.
The backyard, treadmill and animal dances were choreographed by Trish Sie, Kulash's sister. She and the band won a best short form music video Grammy as co-directors of the treadmill piece.
Among Hayner's notable Sun-Times stories is a 2000 Father's Day essay that has since been re-printed because of an overwhelming response from readers.
Want to make it more substantial? No need to dirty a pan. Slice some boneless, skinless chicken breasts into thin strips, season with salt, pepper and garlic powder, toss them on the baking sheet with the croutons and squash for the last 20 minutes of baking, then cut them into chunks and toss with the salad.
High turnout among Latinos could help Obama win in states such as Colorado and Florida, although White House officials emphasize that they have long sought to reform immigration laws and are not pushing the issue only because of the 2012 campaign.
Buchanan's path to the NBA started in the most innocuous of ways. One summer, he was laying pool side at the home of Matt Bullard, the retired NBA player who attended the same high school as Buchanan in Des Moines, Iowa. Buchanan had just graduated from tiny Simpson College, where he had played baseball and basketball for four years and was working at Bullard's basketball camp.
- The O'Halloran Family, Phoenix
Mexico's soccer federation didn't respond to emails and telephone calls requesting comment.
"What we're seeing with the pre-foreclosure notices is that they also continue to decline," said Ed Nelson, marketing and communications manager at the Minnesota Home Ownership Center.
Chase said his client, who also testified, has always professed his innocence. In fact, Chase said, Sekona suggested the family call the police to sort out who was telling the truth after the allegations surfaced.
A year later, he finally received a pair.
Looking good is important at the Olympics, something the people running boxing surely had in mind when they suggested women wear skirts in the ring. Nothing worse than committing a fashion faux pas by wearing boxing trunks while trying to knock someone out with a left hook.
Governed by a 35-member board of directors culled from more than 800 daily, weekly and campus newspaper members, the publishers association does its work from offices in Sacramento, including legislative lobbying and legal support. The awards this year were announced during the group's 2012 Press Summit at the Doubletree by Hilton in San Jose. The conference was co-sponsored by Bay Area News Group, part of MediaNews Group, which owns and operates nearly 60 daily newspapers in 13 states.
I caught up with guitar/banjo/ukulele player Parrish Ellis recently as the band geared up for it's highest profile tour since forming in 2002.
Out on the fringe of professional sports, minor franchises like to mock the suffering of sports celebrities by offering them contracts and building promotional nights around them.
"Why didn't you seize the moment when we pretty much gift-wrapped a pretty good lead for you?" Keith asked, describing the experience to a reporter. "It was just astonishing. You'd think they'd take it a little more seriously to curtail the crime downtown."
"It also means that we arrive at the climate talks in Copenhagen with a clear demonstration of our commitment to facing this global challenge," Jackson said.
While there is the possibility that some parents claim the exemption without solid understanding of the issue, the vast majority of these parents know much more than the average person about the benefits and risks of vaccines.
Despite my failed IPA brisket experiment, hoppy beers do have a place in the kitchen. A recipe for roasted-garlic IPA mashed potatoes is one that has serious crossover appeal from beer fans to foodies.
FEDERAL PENNY PINCHING
Two of Hayman's close friends were on hand. Barbara Lieberman, who retired from the SLSO, played the opening phrases of "The Rose" on the piano which Hayman then picked up on the harmonica in a lovely arrangement that he dedicated to his wife of 50 years. For her final performance as principal trumpet of the SLSO, Susan Slaughter did terrific solo turns on "The Brave Bulls" and the Harry James standard "You Made Me Love You."
$2,200,000: Robert Ahdoot paid cash for a five-bedroom, seven-bath, 7,604-square-foot home originally built in 2000 on the northeastern side of Mummy Mountain in Paradise Valley. It has an open floor plan and courtyards, marble flooring, imported stone columns, custom cabinetry and granite countertops. The gourmet kitchen has a butler's pantry, three islands and top-of-the-line appliances.
After all, the Bears have only wanted a No. 1 wide receiver since about 1970, when Dick Gordon scared defensive backs half to death.
Spinning forward into 2010, Budish and Harris both agree on hammering out an agreement on a new Third Frontier bond project in time for voters to approve it on the May ballot. Budish is pushing an approach to ask voters for $1 billion worth of bonds over five years to support high-tech job creation, but Harris likes a program sized at $500 million to $700 million spread over seven years.
In one scene, the footage on the 60-foot-tall screen created the illusion of moving forward and backward, a sensation that was equal parts exhilarating and disorienting.
Goal: "As an adult I hope to get my Bachelor's degree or Master's, whichever is necessary for the major I choose. I plan to stay involved with soccer all four years of college and balance my course work along with it while maintaining a solid GPA. Like many, I also plan to start a family through all the chaos and set my children onto the road of success that my parents helped guide me down."
surfline.com
These monsters are, essentially, freestanding closets and are sometimes referred to as "wardrobes." What better place to stash your clothes? The one shown above is among the most common layouts, with a cupboard-like section up top that typically features a hang bar and a drawer or two below. I've got one with sliding doors on both sides and shelving above the hang bar, so there are definitely variations on the theme.
Bohlen's family has held season tickets since 1965, and he sees the videotaping incident as "another distraction. I just want them to play better football."
Abalone can live a long life and take 12 years to reach legal harvest size. DFG biologist Konstan Karpov said illegal commercialization can decimate them.
The school system scheduled a press conference for Thursday morning but Bowen said in a statement Wednesday that the school board was not aware of the "extent of the allegations.". Moments before announcing the indictments to the media, Fleming called Bowen.
Healy said he hopes to revive the event next year at Liberty State Park.
Hamilton Brown said she did not think Phillips-Olivier had been untruthful with her.
It's set in Panem, the authoritarian nation in what was once the United States, where poor teenagers must fight one another to the death -- that is, if the carnivorous monkeys or tidal waves don't get them first -- for the amusement of the elite, and as a warning to those considering rebellion.
Prevent cross contamination in food preparation areas by thoroughly washing hands, counters, cutting boards and utensils after they touch raw meat.
The young right-hander really got riled up when he stepped off the rubber and tried to chase Moustakas back to second base. Bard was hit with another balk, allowing Moustakas to reach third, and the mistake proved critical when Getz's single tied the game.
The American kabuki dance known as the Congressional supercommittee has ended where it started, with no deal on cutting $1.2 trillion from the federal deficit. What it has mostly accomplished is to underscore why public approval of Congress as a whole is mired at a ludicrous 9 percent in the polls.
Moore and Davenport knew they had some things in common with the Ashes; both Moore and Sherry Ash drive school buses. And Ash's husband, Junior, kept telling Sherry that she needed to get to know Moore.
Replays showed otherwise, but the AHL does not have replay capability.
But Husted spokesman Matt McClellan attributed the numbers to a county ballot mostly featuring municipal races that traditionally draw fewer voters.
Gee has been a reliable defender since preseason, but Scott is seeing what else he can draw from the 24-year-old bereft of a guaranteed contract. The coach confirmed this week the Cavs are starting to run some plays for Gee.
"The problem with us, we'd been playing more without a big guy having him in the roster," Hammond said. "He just wasn't healthy, (we) couldn't keep him healthy. And once again, when I say that, I wish him nothing but the very best, and I mean that."
"Nothing's going to happen until the Spanish economy comes back," he said. "Right now no one is thinking about building anything in Spain."
Also likely to slow the job: finding and gently removing cannonballs and other explosive projectiles that, according to Army Corps experts, could still potentially detonate.
-- With The Associated Press
Local and state officials
The seat came open when state Treasurer Ben Westlund died Sunday of lung cancer. Gov. Ted Kulongoski on Tuesday appointed Multnomah County Chairman Ted Wheeler to the treasurer's seat.
It's unknown what Tressel or the university did after these warnings about Talbott; but it is known that Talbott remained around the program. He told The Plain Dealer this week that he had a friendly relationship with Pryor.
Loser: Campbell.
"Going to the Final Four with a team that many people said we weren't good enough, weren't strong enough, weren't mentally tough enough, and still being able to get to the Final Four with all the ups and downs we had, I think that was tremendous for this basketball team," Sullinger said, flanked by his parents and coach Thad Matta. "Once we got to the Final Four, we were trying to win it. But unfortunately, we fell short. I feel at peace with the decision I'm making."
Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak, who faces a split council, said the agreement makes "a compelling case" for the state and city's future.
Bernier had an open net at 11:13 with Bryzgalov down, but he was unable to get a shot. The Devils were outshooting the Flyers, 10-0, in the second period at this point.
Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC is another that is making headway and could benefit from any erosion of Apple's dominance.
Another way to save money is by avoiding the supermarket all together. Online food shopping is gaining popularity in New Jersey. It's been offered for years by Peapod (Stop & Shop), ShopRite and A&P, and now Long Island City-based giant FreshDirect has expanded its service into the Garden State, mostly in Essex, Hudson, Union and Bergen counties. It's not a free service -- FreshDirect charges $6.79 for delivery on a minimum $30 order -- but it does limit impulse buys and frees up the time you would normally have spent hunting for a parking spot or standing in line. FreshDirect is quite competitive price-wise. From artisan cheese selections to fresh-cut meats and just-caught seafood, "shopping the shelves" here can still make some foodies feel like kids in a candy store.
Unfortunately for Californians who are eager for change, Fiorina has firmly staked out positions that are outside of the state's mainstream values and even its economic interest. The list only begins with her openness to offshore oil drilling, her opposition to the Roe vs. Wade abortion rights ruling and her unwillingness to support even the most commonsense gun-control measures to keep assault weapons off the street or to deny guns to suspected terrorists on the federal "no fly list."
A better option, he said, is to allow current foster families to take more children and streamline the licensing process so the state can make exceptions quickly, preventing multiple placements for siblings.
Both the 2005 and 2006 cases were also atypical varieties of the disease, USDA officials said.
"The rental market has been incredibly hot," said Ronald Peltier, chief executive of HomeServices of America Inc., which owns real-estate brokerages in 21 states. He says rising rents, coupled with slumping home prices and interest rates near record lows, are boosting demand for homes at entry-level prices.
"Ex-felons in possession of firearms spend little or no time in jail,'' Tabak said. "How can you say you are tough on guns, narcotics, when there's little or no consequence? That's what we see.''
Aragon, 33, who turned pro in 2001, collected the top prize of $108,000 at the TPC Stonebrae Championship in Hayward on Sunday with a 72-hole score of 10-under 270.
"From 2002 through 2006, if you could fog a mirror, you could get a home loan," said Scott Fouschee, president of Financial Center Mortgage in Newberg. "The difference here is that we have to do a lot of due diligence. People need to show pay stubs and go through three underwriting processes before anything can be approved."
Proceeds from the line of cards created by Doernbecher patients and their families benefit the hospital.
Unlike Verizon, however, Sprint offers nearly a dozen 3G/4G devices, including phones like the HTC EVO 4G, which uses an Android operating system, or the Dell Inspiron Mini 10 netbook and Dell Inspiron 11z notebook, which are 3G/4G embedded.
The point is, you can have pops without a bubble, and you can even have a bubble and no-pops. The correlation isn't 1:1. Pops were a feature of the tech bubble, but by themselves pops don't tell you whether there's a bubble or not. So if you think pops show there's a bubble, you're wrong.
doubleheader that included an inside-the-park home run and two steals of home.
"I just don't see a lot of people stay beyond 65, even though they say that's going to be the trend," said Send, who as senior vice president for Pewaukee, Wis.-based Francis Investment Counsel talks regularly with individual workers about managing their 401(k) plans at companies that are clients of her firm.
The Bears were proud of not quitting and playing the Packers to the end. But in the end, they never stopped trailing after the Packers' opening drive.
He lives in Chicago.
THIRD BASE
It wasn't necessarily a style that would appear to befuddle the Wolverines -- usually height and long athletic bodies gave them trouble this season -- but their inability to get a defensive stop for most of the game made a comeback difficult and, just when they were able to shut down Ohio for the final 4 minutes, they couldn't score themselves.
The five new farmers markets mark yet another step to fill the void that has left inner-city communities with precious few shopping choices.
Munsey said the Predators "hope that he can win a lot of games for us."
De Anda assumed the position of regiment executive officer for the day and is proud of his leadership accomplishments and being able to control his group.
(05-09) 21:54 PDT Kansas City, Mo. (AP) --
Pharmacists will review older adults' prescriptions and over-the-counter medications at an upcoming event called Script Your Future, sponsored by the Area 4 Agency on Aging, the Pharmacy Foundation of California and other organizations.
Only two of 10 voting committee members on the Fed committee said they would support another round of bond purchases, and only if the economy weakened significantly.
Others are funny: "DD's beta died. Crap, off to Petco for a body double before she notices!!!!!"
The owner of Cleveland Metal Stamping, 1231 W. Bagley Road, reported someone removed small, galvanized metal pieces from behind his building Feb. 16 or 17.
Gordon also used Craigslist to aid him in recruiting prostitutes to work for him, authorities said.
"It's so flattering to know the name Slyman's is synonymous with the best in Cleveland," says Slyman, who credits the eatery's popularity to "quality, quantity and ambiance. We're a mom-and-pop place where we work every day to give people the best possible experience when they visit."
Child pornography charges were filed in federal court in Tacoma recently against Jessica Pearce, the report said.
Because the team has so many good jump-shooters (MU, in fact, is second in the nation in field-goal percentage), Ratliffe rarely takes one and hasn't attempt a 3-pointer after trying 15 (making four) last season.
Indonesians tend to marry as early as 14 and have lots of children, which has prompted the government to promote a two-children-per-family policy. Indonesian men are allowed up to four wives. Noor had only one. I liked that about him.
Observers speculated that the famously abrasive investor planned an assault on the venerable software company, but Icahn said Thursday that everything had been going fine -- until last week.
This time, the AP examined the documents over several hours Thursday in a conference room of a resort just outside of Phoenix and a few miles from the posh Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale, where McCain receives most of his medical care under a pseudonym - which the AP was asked not to disclose. Coincidentally, the release came the same week that McCain's close friend, Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, revealed that he had a cancerous brain tumor.
TriMet is at that point now, as it raises fares and angles for more tax money before getting its labor costs under control. The transit agency shouldn't be surprised by Wednesday's rally against the new fare hikes and service cuts -- and it certainly shouldn't be shocked if voters reject the transit agency's bond measure this fall.
(On how big of a setback it is to miss on a top five draft pick)- "It's a big setback because obviously you are hoping for a good player for a long time. Financially, it is a lot less of a problem than it used to be, which is obviously great for everybody. Nobody wants to make mistakes, but if you made a mistake back then, it was a disaster from a financial standpoint. You are talking about what is supposed to be a really good football player. Everybody wants the 10 year Pro Bowler, which is fine, but I'll take the two year Pro Bowler rather than a bust. You don't want a bust, you can't have a bust. That's what you are trying to avoid."
"I had nothing to do with that," Smith said. "I really don't even like it. But it's become popular with kids. On any given night you can find at least two TV stations with it on. Those guys like to come back here and train with our guys. They're former All-Americans and national champs, and they wrestle. It keeps them involved somewhat in the sport, and (MMA) is a way they can actually make money in it."
Yale law professor Akhil Amar says the justices should let the voters decide which side is right in November.
It would be difficult to estimate how many websites are devoted to the topic, some branching into seemingly arcane aspects of the 2012 phenomenon. "Try googling 'Maya calendar' and 'crop circles,'" said Richard Landes, a historian at Boston University who specializes in millennial and messianic movements. "You'll have enough to read for the rest of your life."
Branch Brook Park, Lake Street and Park Avenue, Newark
Several resorts will be upping the poolside ante this summer.
She walked outside to see what happened.
However, the protests - the second mass rally in 10 months - could rattle Najib's confidence and prompt him to delay calling polls, especially since the last election delivered the biggest opposition gains in Parliament ever.
Then again, Mike Brown will never be a star. Phil Jackson always was.
There's no impact on airport operations, Lupica said. The investigation is still ongoing.
"There is nothing more important than the labor numbers," said Jim O'Sullivan, chief economist at MF Global. He said if there is a gain for March it will need to continue to convince investors.
Stops 9 through 12 are really more about Old New York than the Titanic, but survivors could have dined at the Old Homestead Steakhouse on 9th Avenue near 14th Street (which claims a history back to the 1860s but shows no nostalgia in its sleek dining room) or had a drink at McSorley's Old Ale House, which opened on East 7th Street in 1854. McSorley's walls, crowded with memorabilia, include a New York Times "Titanic Sinks" front page. And if the Strauses had survived, I suppose they might have gone (as I did) for a pastrami sandwich at Katz's Delicatessen. Katz's, which opened in 1888, may be best known these days as the setting for the "I'll have what she's having" scene in the 1989 movie "When Harry Met Sally."
Since the Golden Gate Bridge was built in 1937, more than 1,200 people have committed suicide by jumping from it -- an average of 19 a year, according to the recent Chronicle series.
The SRT8 not only has a 6.4-liter V-8 making 470 horsepower and a top speed of 175 mph, it also has four doors, a big trunk and to be honest, that's all the evidence I need of the SRT8's practicality.
But right now, at this very moment, just rejoice. The family that sent one of the most iconic and cherished of all Los Angeles civic treasures into financial ruin, is gone from the team. Pop the cork on the good stuff.
Ben Brower said Jordan has operating oil and gas wells in Jackson and Calhoun counties but has no immediate plans for new wells in southeast Michigan. All of the Oakland County acreage is classified as nondevelopment, meaning that no drilling would be permitted on the surface; any extraction would have to be through directional drilling from nearby.
Johnny Boychuk tied it at 3 on a power-play goal with 11:13 left, putting a 50-footer from the left into the far side of the net, and the game appeared to be headed to overtime for the third time in the series. Thenm Benoit Pouliot was called for slashing Nicklas Backstrom, setting up Brouwer's winner.
Newsom: Supports comprehensive immigration reform and wants H-1B visa restrictions lifted for knowledge workers. Notes that about 30 other California cities have sanctuary policies. Says San Francisco's law, approved in 1989, was never designed to shield criminals. In July 2008, he changed a sanctuary policy, in place for a decade, and started alerting immigration officials to juveniles suspected of felonies when arrested (adults were already reported).
In the finals, Harrison opened up a 7-2 lead off of a few big kills from Carlos Gutierrez and a block from Varinder Singh.
On the album, which sold more than 1 million copies and won five Grammy Awards in 2008, "Rehab" is followed by "You Know I'm No Good":
Trawick and Spears have been together since 2009.
"I think we're going to push each other, and we'll see where that takes us," said Tyler Gabbert, adding that he's learned he has to have "tunnel vision" on the little things instead of worrying about the big picture. "You can't go in there saying you're going to do this and do that. That was kind of my thing last year (when he left Parkway West early and enrolled at MU in the spring).
Kaine Horman, Kyron's mother, Desiree Young, and her husband, Tony Young, released a statement Thursday and written answers to selected reporter questions:
Oregon returns star running backs, senior Kenjon Barner and sophomore De'Anthony Thomas. Sophomore Tra Carson left the program. The Ducks will welcome freshman four-star recruit Byron Marshall in the fall.
Franchitti said that he negotiated the train tracks while avoiding the chicane there and declared it was "doable."
Edwin Luna's soccer coach at Lincoln, Ryan Edwards, believes the senior could potentially be a world-class player.
Q: On Wednesday morning you had a second and final discussion with Alberto Salazar about the possibility of entering Sunday's London Marathon. Was there really a chance you were going to do that, less than a week after Boston?
- How committed are the Browns to Colt McCoy?
"They had a chance. They had an empty slate. There was an opportunity for the city's elected leaders to re-create San Francisco," wrote Simon Winchester in last year's best-selling "A Crack in the Edge of the World: America and the Great California Earthquake of 1906."
Cantor's bookmaking software, a modified version of what Wall Street traders use, has changed the way sports gamblers at the Venetian bet. They walk past cocktail waitresses in tight skirts and low rollers at slot machines to get to the sports book, a 10,000-square-foot room furnished with 118 bright-red betting stations. Cantor installed a 100- foot-wide TV screen that can show 34 sporting events at once.
Count 29: Robert Rybak charged with embezzling from Plumbers Local 55.
"May is National Foster Care Awareness Month, and we thought there was no better way to raise awareness than by taking our wish-granting program to cities all across the country to shed light on the positive programs supporting youth in foster care in the U.S.," Gletow said.
"The town wants to win. The way I look at it, we've got a lot of support from other people. The parents are always helping their kids. The coaches, I've got four coaches. We've been awfully lucky with the softball team."
LF Logan Morrison's right knee is sore again. He didn't start Friday, though he walked as a pinch hitter. He probably won't start Saturday.
My friend, "Stephanie," and this guy had been broken up for quite some time. Not thinking, I later blurted out the story to her, sort of a "can you believe what an idiot I am" funny tale. She took offense, and I felt awful for hurting her as well as for opening my mouth with an insensitive story. I did apologize. But as we discussed the incident over text and email (a terrible way to communicate in these types of situations), it turned out that my moment of flirtation was much more to Stephanie than a drunken comment. Apparently she didn't trust me, didn't think any of my girlfriends should trust me and took issue with the way I had handled other situations. After some angry exchanges on both sides, our friendship was over for good.
... May 19-May 31 ... 14-for-34 (.412/.596/.765)
It is pretty obvious that the legislature has produced an extremely flawed method of funding schools. School districts that were once flush with money -- Zionsville in particular -- are now having to slash vital staff and services just to make ends meet.
"I will confess I worry about the precedent," Hickenlooper said. "If suddenly we have a park where people can camp out whenever they want, why not the next park and why not the park after that? And then suddenly, you don't have any rules."
Even though Oregon's law is better than some others, it could have been better. It could have been a little "weird," the way many Oregonians say they like things to be around here. It could have ensured that when everyone in a given, independently ventilated, private location is there voluntarily and off the clock, smoking is permitted. It could have protected the health of workers and us nonsmokers, while accommodating smokers and business owners. How odd would that have been?
As an idea, Flora has existed for years. It's that place Martine was going to have one day, but he was always too busy, or wasn't sure he could do it right. As much work as he had coming in, he was able to manage with what he had set up at home in Northeast Portland. Or he'd travel to record. Might be close, as when the Decemberists set up a studio in a Pendarvis Farm barn in Happy Valley and made "The King Is Dead." Might be far, as when he recorded My Morning Jacket's latest, "Circuital," in an old church in Louisville, Ky.
In recognition of all the Marine has done for San Diego, for the United States and for the cause of freedom, the U-T salutes the Marine, our 2011 Person of the Year. Semper fi!
Christie and Sweeney said Saturday they wanted to move quickly to build on the momentum of Tuesday's budget adoption.
Fortunately, Councilman Chris Herndon proved to be a bell-like voice of sanity in the discussion. Not only did he strongly endorse the project, he denounced the "myth that you can't get good wages and you can't get good benefits" in retail. "And I say this as someone who has worked in retail."
New Jersey became one of the first states to pass a school bullying law in 2002. But sponsors believe it doesn't go far enough.
Red Wings forward Justin Abdelkader had 11:41 of ice time in 20 shifts centering a line with Cam Atkinson and JT Brown.
Sure sounds like Mr. Ryan was channeling Ayn Rand.
"He was really kind and sat there and explained. No rushing you. He would hold a good conversation. A whole lot of doctors could learn something from that type of treatment," said the Rev. Prince James, a 67-year-old Baptist minister.
When the 90-day legislative session ended at midnight April 9, the General Assembly had failed to pass key revenue measures needed to balance the proposed budget to which leaders had agreed. As a result of the inaction, a budget containing $500 million in cuts to state and local government will take effect July 1 unless the legislature returns for a special session. Gov. Martin O'Malley has said he will call a session if the leaders reach agreement beforehand.
The trip to Atlantic City came two days after Jacobs, a two-time Super Bowl champion, agreed to terms of a one-year contract with the San Francisco 49ers. Representatives of the 49ers did not return calls seeking comment today.
Los Angeles County sheriff's investigators say 57-year-old Donna Glenn Walker was arrested in Florida earlier this month and she was returned to Los Angeles to face five grand theft counts.
He is described as about 5-foot-7, weighing 180 lbs with shoulder-length dreadlocks and various tattoos on his body. Police said Norman should be considered armed and dangerous.
While Groupon is putting Chicago's emerging Internet industry on the map, the local biotech community is still in a sort of embryonic stage.
"We got to the basement when it hit. Ron pushed me onto the floor and covered me," Peggy Henderson said. Her husband added, "Our ears popped. I could hear glass shattering. When it was over, I went up the stairs. I said, 'Baby, there ain't no upstairs.'"
PNC is converting all of its 120 local National City branches (and 300 others in the Midwest) to PNC after the branches close Friday. Greater Cleveland branches will remain closed Saturday as part of the changeover, then reopen Monday as PNC.
Wednesday -- NCAA makes its decision, ruling the five players ineligible for the first five games of 2011 and Whiting ineligible for the first game of 2011. All remain eligible for the Sugar Bowl.
Los Caballeros, one of the few remaining dude ranches in the town that was once the "Dude Ranch Capital of Arizona," celebrates its 60th anniversary this year.
Because amount and intensity of exercise was self-reported, participants could have underestimated or overestimated their activity levels, which could have had an impact on the results, she said.
Gilliam could not immediately be reached for comment.
Sidney said school offices would be closed Monday but added: "I have spoken with our registrar, and the first thing Tuesday morning we'll be sending the transcript."
Valentine thought it was a little extreme that Guinness required a veterinarian to be on hand to make sure every dog registered for the event was alive. No dead dogs showed, he said, but someone did bring a potbellied pig.
Denver East at Abraham Lincoln, All City Stadium, 7 p.m.
Ecos officials say they're drawn to the region because it has a similar amount of sunlight and weather conditions as Germany, which they say is the world's leading producer of solar power.
Harper got the last word, though. When Hamels made a pickoff to first, Harper stole home for the first swipe of his eight-game big league career.
Keeping the institution healthy during such financial chaos was difficult enough. Trying to raise the funds for a project that would double its size proved impossible.
But the gains have been steady. The S&P has closed higher 12 of 14 days, and all three major averages have recorded healthy advances for the young year -- 3.3 percent for the Dow, 4.4 percent for the S&P and 7 percent for the Nasdaq composite index.
Desperate to protect her son from bullies, Grimes gave him a stun gun to carry, just in case.
Inside the "infamous" B West cellhouse, where Crist spent his first day in 1979 stationed by the door in the Stillwater prison, he told of being posted at a locked entrance as 30 men yelled and swore at him to let them go to the gym.
Lake Oswego police reported that the racist message was reposted by several of Marqueese Royster's former Lake Oswego teammates, three varsity players and three sub-varsity players.
"I said, 'Give the Olympics one last shot,'" Safo said.
Further on, a gate between two stone "sentries" leads to a labyrinth made of podocarpus shrubs modeled after the one at Chartres Cathedral in France, crowned at its center by a cypress tree.
One difference for Bentley and the team's other young cornerbacks is that they are competing at a position of intense need for the Lions. A job is open opposite Chris Houston.
The elderly occupants of the house in the 2100 block of Pope Avenue recently moved to an assisted living facility and an estate service was hired to clean out the residence and organize an estate sale, Wright said.
MOSCOW - Russia's state oil company Rosneft and Norway's Statoil signed a deal Saturday to jointly explore Russian offshore deposits in the Barents Sea and Sea of Okhotsk.
Stoudemire returned to action recently after being inactive 13 games because of a bulging disk in his lower back.
I drive 185th frequently to and from the Tanasbourne area and have noticed a decided engineering flaw on that road between SW Johnson and SW Cornell roads.
Cueto held the Brewers scoreless through seven innings before reliever Aroldis Chapman came in for the eighth. Cueto gave up five hits and a walk with five strikeouts.
Another music event held 11 p.m. to 3 a.m. at Water and Taylor will charge a $10 admission.
Happy hour: 2-7 p.m. Sunday through Wednesday, 2-6 p.m. and 9 p.m.-midnight Thursday to Saturday
A: I had moved to a new community and didn't have the connections I once had. I used to get free printing for a few cases of beer. The first printing (in Hamtramck) cost $200 and I was going to need to pay for it myself.
- Live chat with Moore along with analysis and links to video cut-ins with Mary Kay Cabot, Terry Pluto and others. Tonight's chat starts at 6:45 p.m. and Saturday's chat starts at noon.
A few passengers came through the main building, to-and-from small planes. But a chance to ask Kraft about the labor situation, the lockout and his visit to the western suburbs was foiled when the black SUV with Indiana plates he was riding in took him directly to the tarmac and the stairwell of his jet.
The national group promoting the personhood issue -- Colorado-based Personhood USA -- said ballot efforts also are underway in Colorado, Montana, Oregon and Florida.
Springfield hitting: Second baseman Kolten Wong, who has played his way into a higher assignment to start the year, and will have a year to put himself on the threshold, went 3-for-5 with a run scored. ... Outfielder and middle-order hitter Oscar Taveras went 2-for-4 with a run scored. ... Greg Garcia was 2-for-2 with two runs scored, two walks and an RBI. ... Infielder Jose Garcia, who hit leadoff, went 1-for-3 with a double, two runs scored, two walks and an RBI. ... Adam Melker doubled and had an RBI. ... Catcher Nick Derba doubled with two RBIs. ... Tommy Pham singled and had an RBI.
Surina knew she wasn't going to be able to safely exit through the building's enclosed, shared stairwell, which was choked with smoke and flames.
Vs. Chargers ... DEN ... SD
His menu features farmers market produce; housemade bread, bacon-cheddar buttermilk biscuits, pretzels, mustards and olives; as well as a smart, tapas-style menu of ambitious dishes including New Zealand hiramasa with avocado and puffed bamboo rice; asparagus with poached Jidori hen egg and wild mushrooms; and buttermilk-marinated organic fried chicken with lemon-rosemary ranch dressing. Then there are the cocktails: smooth, fresh creations featuring housemade syrups, juices and gastriques.
"I think it's a pretty tough road ahead of them," said Deutsche Bank analyst Chris Whitmore. "At some point, they come to the end of the rope of IP litigation, and these businesses that are generating huge losses operationally have to stand on their own."
Attorneys for the girl contended that the county is required to maintain a uniform system of public schools and that the system of providing a high school education for some Negroes outside Baltimore county under certain limitations while at the same time providing high school education within Baltimore county to white pupils without the same limitations was not a uniform system and was in violation of the Constitution and laws of the State.
Over the past decade, improvements in efficiency, the shift of production outside the United States and the crippling recession have whittled away 36,530 Arizona manufacturing jobs, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The Ohio House of Representatives is trying to ram House Bill 159, which would significantly change Ohio's already strong voter identification laws, through the legislature before the public is informed about its onerous provisions. HB 159 would disenfranchise many voters, in particular the young and the elderly, and is a waste of resources at a time when our state is struggling financially.
Regula compared the hard-charging GOP agenda with the polarizing health care bill that President Barack Obama pushed through a Democrat-controlled Congress last year.
Adidas does not "disclose details of our athlete partnerships," a spokeswoman said of the Rose deal.
Millionaire, born Scott Richardson in Boston, has two drawings to complete this evening, very much like the faces and personalities collected in his new book, "500 Portraits," published by Fantagraphics. The book came about mainly because Millionaire had "piles and piles" of portraits around the house, in files, in the garage, all done on assignment. Each drawing is crafted in his distinctive inky hand, with faces rendered in lush, rugged detail that echo the comics of a century ago.
Despite competition from cheaper tablet computers such as Amazon.com Inc.'s Kindle Fire, the iPad remains the most popular tablet computer. Apple Inc. -- the world's most valuable company with a market capitalization of nearly $546 billion -- has sold more than 55 million iPads since its debut in 2010.
Here are our top Calistoga tasting room picks, earning at least 2 1/2 out of a possible four stars. There are also a handful of new additions to the area.
7016 Stanley Av, $37,100
Herb-Infused Olive Oil
Treatment: Adrenal function must be tested periodically in all patients. Treatment with adrenal hormones can be life-saving. Supportive treatments include physical therapy, psychological support and special education. Recent evidence suggests that a mixture of oleic acid and euric acid administered to boys can reduce or delay the appearance of symptoms.
If approved by Congress, the Consumer Financial Protection Agency could curtail or ban a host of dubious -- but lucrative -- bank practices such as ballooning mortgages, excessive credit card interest rates and surprise overdraft fees.
Hollywood finished the first month of 2012 with strong revenues that are running well ahead of last year's lackluster receipts. According to Hollywood.com, domestic revenues through Sunday totaled $967.5 million, up 14 percent from the same point last year.
Duke vs. Butler, Dec. 4
Ron Spaeth, Lombard
Rep. Dave Schatz, R-Sullivan, said that occupational diseases were handled through workers' comp for 84 years before lawmakers changed it seven years ago. He agrees with the proposed change.
"There is a lot of talk about Amyworld and what it means. But Amyworld is not synonymous with irresponsibility," Nelson said. She is a mother who cares deeply about her family, he said.
The 501 Levis are one of the most popular and enduring Levi Strauss styles. Romney appeared to be wearing an the off-the-shelf version that sells for about $50.
Belichick has four Rutgers alums on his roster heading to the Super Bowl. Devin McCourty, picked No. 27 in the 2010 NFL Draft, and Nate Jones are cornerbacks; Tiquan Underwood plays wide receiver and defensive lineman Alex Silvestro is on the Patriots practice squad.
"If their objective was to keep them in the country, then they charge them with what they can at the time," Green said.
A sudden increase in the times your foot hits the ground is bound to make the plantar fascia rebel. Even experienced runners have trouble with it when they increase their mileage or their running time. Stop jogging for two weeks. I get the impression that you've already done so. Examine your shoes to see if they're giving you the shock absorption that you need. If they're not, get a padded shoe insert or new shoes.
The first sick girl never touched the bag, but it was in the chaperone's bathroom when the girl got sick. Another team member saw it and took it to the Sunday lunch.
Things changed quickly, however, after it was learned Octomom was also Single Mom and Welfare Mom. And that she already had six children under the age of 8 and was living on a combination of welfare checks, food stamps, student loans and her parents' largesse.
It's a virtual noose that tightens when someone's movements pull the wrong way.
Ask Drake Cage. Diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and depression, Cage, 61, of Detroit, spent nearly three years in prison following a random stop in southwest Detroit and a fight in an Oakland County lockup.
The JPHCOPH was established to empower rural communities and underserved populations, to effectively address public health issues, eliminate health disparities and improve health outcomes. The College is one of only 49 schools and colleges worldwide to earn accreditation by the Council on Education for Public Health (CEPH).
Now, the historic district has been cleaned up and is luring a new generation of diners, clubgoers and shoppers. Visitors can see cutting-edge art, gawk at live eels and pigs' heads, buy a ginseng tonic from an herbalist, get a tattoo or stop in at a Buddhist temple.
When you're expecting high temperatures, don't just set up fans. Rent, borrow or buy a mister to help tame the heat. You can also find inexpensive kits to turn your garden hose into an effective mister.
"I've learned that lesson: We'll never leave the tests at the school again. I don't ever want to go through this again," Brumfield said.
18. San Diego Chargers: Andre Branch, DE, Clemson
Many other recordings of King's speeches exist, but this one, with its Cleveland connection, had been largely forgotten. A few copies were passed around among local teachers over the years.
Hill is now in rehabilitation to relearn motor functions. May said he has incurred more than $200,000 in medical expenses as a result of the injuries.
"We're playing Madison basketball," Cotto-Rodriguez said. "We're going to pressure the ball. We're going to push the ball. We didn't get into the 60s. But we're still going to try to get in the 60s and 70s like we always have."
What I like, and what I think is important in terms of being an actor, is that first and foremost, to bore your audience is like the worst thing you can do. Always try to keep them guessing. Always try to send them something out there that they're not necessarily expecting. And always try to challenge yourself as an actor. The idea that I could have fallen flat on my face in terms of a couple of these characters is the very reason I did it. If you're not prepared to fail miserably, then you're just sort of walking through, aren't you?
The theater building, once a livery, was transformed in the 1930s into a movie palace. It was a music venue for a time before the Schwarzers restored it as a movie house and added the three smaller theaters.
Book it: Solon left some reading material for travelers seeking Portz Parkway.
A 4-year-old son of Real Desire, Desired Entry paced a career best of 1:56.1 here on Oct. 10. Trained by Jack Fisher and driven by JD Wengerd, Desired Entry is owned by Sharon Kay Fisher of Circleville, Ohio.
PHOTOS FROM LAST YEAR'S N.J. BEAR HUNT
Sweeney insisted the budget not be the product of negotiations, sources familiar with caucus discussions said.
"We are actively engaged, but we don't have final agreement," said David Wynde, the schools' deputy chief financial officer.
Edward W. Bent was born in Boston in 1917. After graduating from high school, he hitchhiked across the country to Los Angeles and taught at a Sunday school where his father was superintendent. He earned a vocational education degree from the University of California, Los Angeles, in 1951.
While you are at it, teach them the taco stance - holding the taco out to the side and not over their laps. And give them lots of napkins.
Deputies were called during the morning hours of Feb. 5 to a traffic crash on Highway 40 near Highway 94 where a vehicle left the road, rolled over and caught fire. The 24-year-old male driver and four passengers were taken to a local hospital for their injuries. After an investigation, the driver was arrested for failure to maintain a single lane, failure to provide proof of financial responsibility and driving while intoxicated.
"I was ready for more, and it wasn't going to happen. You would think being there for that long, if nothing was going to change, let it be known. . . . Obviously, they didn't, and I ended up leaving."
On Thursday, Fifth Third started selling shares of stock to raise $1.7 billion to help pay off its $3.4 billion loan through the U.S. Treasury's Troubled Asset Relief Program. The bank, meanwhile, said delinquencies are at their lowest level since early 2007.
Outdoor feeding stations were set up. The settings were plain -- long benches and long wooden tables. The food was pretty plain, too, often a concoction called "earthquake stew," lots of potatoes, a little meat, a lot of meal.
Sure, it features the folk and guitar legend performing some of his best and darkest songs, but he also plays goalie in a street hockey game with his son. The film covers the breadth of Thompson's huge career, from Fairport Convention to his current place as a captivating solo performer. So it has to cover ground quickly. We learn he's a creature of the suburbs, and he makes that seem like a pretty decent thing. The interviews with ex-wife Linda Thompson are especially interesting, as interviews with ex-wives often are.
PG&E has already acknowledged that it failed to conduct federally required leak surveys on more than 20 miles of its distribution system in the East Bay and elsewhere. The state utilities commission has levied a $16.8 million fine for the company's failure to check some of that mileage.
This is more of a debate about where our oil comes from than about price. The price of oil is set globally, after all. When we are asleep, oil prices are being set in Asia and then in Europe. Unless the United States can shut off all reliance on all foreign oil, something that is not projected, those markets will still influence price.
After a shaky first half resulted in a 22-17 lead for U-High, the Cougars came alive in the third quarter thanks to a dominant performance by their all-state senior.
In another classroom a social worker, a medical social work intern and a licensed marriage and family therapist (LMFT) discussed how each found their career path and their specialty interest, their specific education requirements, continuing education requirements and how in each one of these jobs, you had to like people and you also had to work with people in a way that sometimes made you the "bad" guy in order to help the client help themselves. And students asked them tough questions. What is it like to tell people what they don't want to hear? How is the salary? How much paperwork? Given the economy has your case load increased?
Heavy-equipment maker Sumitomo Heavy Industries skidded 5.4% and shipping company Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha tumbled 4.3%.
Pentagon creating new spy service: The Pentagon is creating a new intelligence service aimed at gathering information on terrorist networks, weapons of mass destruction and other emerging concerns, a senior defense official said Monday.
One troubling indictor that low rates can't help everyone: The number of homeowners who fell 90 days or more delinquent increased slightly between June and September, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association. The delinquency rate had fallen for six straight quarters before that.
Grigson recalled 2009 when Philly sat at No. 19 overall with an eye on Missouri receiver Jeremy Maclin. At some point, the Eagles gambled that Maclin would drop to them and he did.
The suitcases stood next to a large cooler full of drinks. The ice would have to wait until my first hotel. Yeah, I'd rather be that guy who empties the hotel's ice machine than spend a few pennies for a sack of ice.
But the growth spurt made him gangly and a tad uncoordinated.
Dave Roberts
March 27, 1964: A magnitude 9.2 quake in Prince William Sound, Alaska, and ensuing tsunami killed 128 people.
Lottery Director Kathleen Burke, who initially balked, argued the agency's financial strength and tight operating budget didn't warrant such an examination.
PPS is the only authorized mass supplier of medical marijuana in Canada, but serves only about 2,000 of the 17,000 approved patients. Others can grow their own or get their cannabis from small growers.
Roger's Roost: Buffet has breakfast items, smoked salmon, carving station, pasta, chicken, assorted cheeses, salad, fruit, fresh baked rolls, desserts, 11 a.m.-3 p.m. 33626 Schoenherr, Sterling Heights. 586-979-7550. $19.99, $5.99 ages 5-10, free ages 4 and younger. Reservations.
Atlanta: Beltline, likely streetcars, consists of several sections, $600 million
Below are tonight's inactives:
And this was only the first of 11 sessions. Each focuses on a different area of the body, and some come back to problem areas to reach deeper muscles.
What makes this especially galling is that the people of Maryland had long ago taken every possible step to ensure that public officials suspected of accepting bribes could be criminally prosecuted in state court. In 1867, we adopted a specific provision in the Maryland Constitution to forestall the very result the Court of Appeals reached.
"People were coming up to him, because he was just a nice guy," Zook said. "He likes to please, and his competitiveness and willingness to learn and willingness to be the best that he could be always impressed me."
Luckenbill, an Indiana all-star, had scholarship offers from all over the country. He picked Houston instead of one of the Big Ten schools or any of the other 15 places he visited because Lewis was one of the few coaches who didn't offer him anything illegal to sign.
"My dad's dad, my grandpa Jim Hatch, he's as close a thing to my dad as there is," Austin said. "So he's been very instrumental in helping me with the recovery process."
Without such controls, he said, tax credits function as "entitlements," flowing automatically to those who are eligible, even if state revenue is slumping.
Boulettes Larder
Based on two books by writer Colin Clark, this film follows the troubled making of the 1957 film "The Prince and the Showgirl," which starred Marilyn Monroe (played by a beauty-marked Michelle Williams) and her husband Laurence Olivier. The story focuses on the week Clark spent escorting Monroe around Britain.
Where: 4001 S.W. Canyon Road
Jose Luis Gutierrez, the leftist mayor of Ecatepec, in the central state of Mexico, where Ixtapan de la Sal is also located, said his 1,600 police officers are far better positioned than federal authorities to catch drug suspects. Drug-related killings rose sharply last year in Ecatepec, a city of 1.7 million. "You know how many federal police are operating in this city?" he said. "Ten."
In October, Russo made a presentation to the Redwood Coast Energy Authority, an agency that works with local government in Humboldt County on energy efficiency projects. "They seemed to be pretty early on in the start-up phase," said Matthew Marshall Redwood Coast's executive director. "I got the sense (there were) three or four people" involved in the company.
"But I got an RBI on a passed ball," he said with a smile.
Not that the BCS hasn't served a purpose. The minor-league football championship (aka, the BCS Championship Game) is not played under NCAA auspices, but under those of the BCS. The BCS was a necessary first step in secession.
Police called out Palmer, a parolee they believed to be armed and knew from prior arrests for assault with a deadly weapon and weapons violations, but he did not comply and a SWAT unit was called in, LeBaron said.
He enlisted in the Army Air Corps in 1943, and attained the rank of lieutenant with the 414th Bomb Squadron of the 15th Air Force. He graduated from Princeton in 1949 and received his law degree from Harvard University.
Long's story turned out to be more than anyone could have expected. The secret wasn't that Long was good. The secret was how good -- and the answer was very good.
Much of that can be credited to strength and conditioning coach Jim Radcliffe.
The design will realign a portion of the road -- in some cases by as much as 150 feet --to skirt landslide areas and will use culverts instead of bridges in drainage areas, said Rick Little, spokesman for the Oregon Department of Transportation. A damaged bridge and components of three other bridges built earlier on shifting ground will be destroyed.
"I have been a fan of the Titanic since I was nine years old and this cruise is the closest you are going to get to it," said the 37 year old. "The trip has cost a considerable amount, but I wanted to do it."
"We must relinquish areas of the municipality that are located outside the fence," Barkat said in a speech to Israel's National Defense College. "I recommend keeping the fence the way it is and relinquishing parts of the municipality that are on the other side of the fence."
During the interview with Entertainment Weekly, she replied: ''A baby? Oh, I know where you're going with this?''
Car raffle: Tickets for the 2012 Dearborn Firefighters Burn Drive Car Raffle, which raises money for sick and burned children, are for sale at city fire stations. Prizes are a 2012 Camaro SS convertible, a Las Vegas trip and a flat-screen TV. The $50 ticket includes drinks, food and entertainment May 2 at the Ford Community & Performing Arts Center. Contact Lt. Steve Worden at 313-478-6761 for information.
"It clearly has resonance because we know the NLRB's general counsel is going to take this position," Cohen said.
While he was being examined, Rivera mentioned to the doctor that his right calf was "sore and painful." He was diagnosed with a blood clot and spent Monday night in the hospital, beginning treatment right away.
The time has come to make other arrangements at the state level, and probably at a lot of local levels, too.
The 76ers led by only one point midway through the second quarter before they began to pull way. A last-second 3-pointer by Williams gave the 76ers a 52-43 halftime lead and Philadelphia increased the advantage to 18 late in the third quarter.
Anastasia de Waal of the social policy think tank Civitas said the Newham housing crunch shows that local residents in London's Olympic boroughs are not getting the economic boost that had been anticipated.
An ABC News/Washington Post poll released Tuesday showed Obama leading Romney 57%-38% among woman nationally.
It is unclear if voting will take place in all parts of the country, especially in areas heavily damaged by government shelling and clashes between government troops and rebels.
In Northern India, marginalized Muslim women print press and stamp images on recycled paper created from old newspapers, cotton rags and denim jeans. Your purchase of Raven + Lily stationary helps these women to support their families and maintain their independence. Additionally, Raven + Lily's beaded jewelry supports the women of Northern Ethiopia. Artillery shells from former war conflicts found on farmers' land are given to bead makers, and local women are employed to craft the jewelry collection, thanks to Raven + Lily's partnership. The delicate yet powerful designs, made from melted bullets and vintage coins, are a beautiful way to support sustainability. ravenandlily.com
"I don't think it was like a swap thing," said Rep. Scott Dieckhaus, R-Washington. He said he helped Majority Whip Jason Smith, R-Salem, gather support among suburban legislators.
He said Williams was the leader of the gang members and a confidential informant for authorities, and that Williams called the meeting to entrap Ford.
Fortunately, the neighborhood's earliest settlers included a dozen advertising and marketing firms and commercial photographers. They recently created the brand Midtown Alley, a name they hope will one day carry the same cache as "the Loop" and "the Grove."
During today's lengthy sentencing hearing, Manzo sat tensely, his facial expression fixed, his mouth closed. And at one point he stood and apologized solemnly to his family and others, while speaking to the judge.
145: Jonathan Goodwin, Ha (38 wins, region and state finalist)
But Tunisian newspapers reported Sunday that the parties had put women at the top of fewer than one in 10 district lists.
Time for model fittings. Casanova is still reclining on the fainting couch. His model gives him a pep talk and he at last gets back to work. Meanwhile, A.J. is behind, and has nothing for his model to be fitted into. Gretchen tells Michael C. that if he doesn't get his stuff done well, one of them will go home. Not him, though, because he has immunity. Gretchen, meanwhile, is making components for just about every look.
businesses, with fewer than 500 workers.
There are a lot of great people in Cleveland. I was impressed with Ed FitzGerald. I really didn't want him to get that county job. I wanted him to stay here as mayor. He really cares.
2:30 p.m.: Melanie White, a real estate agent who sold Neuman his home in 2006 testifies that she met with Neuman in August 2010 to discuss a short sell of his home because he said he was having financial issues. He also told her he had moved out of his home and he was interested in a married woman. When asked about his demeanor, White said he didn't seem depressed or out of touch with reality.
"I know the fans will love the way I play. I'll do whatever it takes."
"We have the opportunity to help amazing job candidates and amazing companies."
The proposed budget is just over $15 million.
2006 Poppy Wine Company Chardonnay, California ($14) - The winery travels around to small coastal vineyards to assemble this blend. The coastal influences certainly have a positive and refreshing effect on the outcome. Bravo! The color is a clear, light yellow gold. The aroma is full of clean, light, warm but balanced fruit. The taste is crisp and full-flavored. 85 points
Despite having osteoarthritis in both knees, I manage to lead an active life by getting knee injections and taking daily NSAIDs. My doctor is talking about knee replacement, but I am frozen with fear. Will I be any better afterward? How do I know if it's time for surgery?
Some students filing into classrooms to take final exams at the University of Iowa next week will first be asked to fork over their electronics.
Why is Medicare expensive? Simply, health care for seniors will always cost more than that of healthier, younger Americans. And costs are rising in every health care system around the world, not just Medicare. The United States is doubly cursed because our costs are rising faster and are already twice as expensive as other countries. Though hard to believe, Medicare is a leader in fighting cost increases. Private insurance industry costs are rising nearly twice as fast as those of Medicare. And when it comes to administrative expenses, private insurance is 10 times higher than Medicare. In fact, if the single payer financing of Medicare were applied to citizens of all ages, we would save $350 billion annually, more than enough to provide comprehensive health care to every American.
When: 7:30 p.m. Thursday, May 3
The Blues went on the power play, and based on the first round that would have been a good development - the unit was six for 18 against San Jose. But the club entered Game 1 still looking for its first man-advantage goal of the season against the Kings, after an 0 for 14 regular season.
HEALTHY LIVING SENIOR GROUP
"We still do great when we tour without Andy, but we always notice the difference," said banjo player Kevin Kniebel. "When he's there, it's instantaneous. The whole room wants to dance."
NBA Commissioner David Stern has spent six years putting together the pieces and the people (AEG, Steinberg, Johnson, Maloofs, NBA lawyers) and overseeing the arena venture at the Maloofs' request. While owners tend to side with owners, at least publicly, the existence of a tentative agreement in Sacramento figures to prod at least some owners into pressing the Maloofs toward a deal.
Print this coupon and receive 20% off on any furniture until March 31, 2012. Click on coupon for printable version!
Prosecutors rested their case against John Edwards on Thursday after calling to the witness stand some of his closest friends and advisers, many of whom gave dramatic, often unflattering testimony about the former presidential candidate whose once-promising political career collapsed amid a sex scandal.
To address that issue, a handful of research groups across the country and in Canada are working to create technology to custom-fortify a woman's breast milk so that her baby can thrive.
Parkrose 71%; 70 students
"I saw Brad Boyes beat him pretty easily," Perron said. "I tried to do the same. It worked, but he got a piece of it."
Budget shortfalls have forced mass layoffs in Camden, where 168 officers and 67 firefighters were shown the door last month, and in Newark, which lost 164 officers in November. In Trenton, Mack recently restored the jobs of 111 police officers and 61 firefighters who had been laid off, at a cost of nearly $9 million to the city.
Boasting a hybrid system, mid-mounted V6 engine and performance-tuned new all-wheel drive system, the NSX concept will be a rolling billboard for Acura technology, performance and fuel economy when a production model hits the road around 2015.
(05-07) 04:48 PDT MOSCOW, Russia (AP) --
"He was a very energetic man," Kaplansky said.
On Friday, Dumstorff walked into the Red Bud High gymnasium and was given his class ring for a second time, with much fanfare. Cheerleaders waved pompoms and the high school band played.
The airport eliminated free 30-minute parking at the facility earlier this year. The plane people announced the change before it took place on April 1. The news didn't reach everyone. Road Rant correspondent Curt Hartler said he was shocked to get a bill while rolling out of the garage after a recent 13-minute visit.
The Capitals' results are a little perplexing when considering how they fared in the regular season. They went 26-11-4 at Verizon Center, the third-best home record in the East, but their record on the road was the worst among all playoff-bound teams at 16-21-4.
The following area students were named to the honor roll at Metro East Lutheran High School for the first semester of the 2011-2012 school year:
8 p.m. Thursday The Q Center
The Kirkwood School Board approved a plan this week to bring its
"It's a significant stake in the company, but what's more meaningful to us is the business partnership," said Brian Timpone, 39, co-founder and CEO of Journatic. "We get to work with the Tribune. I'm pinching myself."
For every investor like Corn, seeking a safe refuge for her money, there was a desperate homeowner like Upland grocer Frank Smarker. Smarker was sliding toward foreclosure on his million-dollar home in the summer of 2006.
Since 2010, more than half of the 29,000 Clinic employees who are members of the employee health plan -- about 16,000 of them -- have enrolled in the health system's program called "Healthy Choice." The Clinic wants to motivate the other 13,000 to do the same.
- Many outrageous moves were made internally in the initial stages that drew listeners' ire, as the Cards brought aboard two out-of-towners to make programming decisions for a key station in a very parochial market.
Cookie chat: Food writer and pastry chef Julia Usher will answer your holiday baking questions while discussing her latest book, "Ultimate Cookies," at 2 p.m. Saturday at Pudd'nHead Books in Webster Groves.
That's just way too much information to share.
Democrats disputed the need for more prison beds and objected to a provision in the accompanying policy documents that removes the requirement for the state to compare the cost and quality of private prisons with state-run operations.
On their four-hour cruise, which departed from Pierce Street in San Francisco, the band played Hawaiiana while guests grazed on kalua pork and pineapple fried rice. The first stop for these two affirmed baseball fans was McCovey Cove, where a Giants game was under way: They picked the time and day so they'd be sure to see some game action. "I'm biased," says Drexler, "but it was perfect."
GRACE REEVES, 89, Kissimmee, died Thursday. Grissom Funeral Home & Crematory, Kissimmee.
Reports of stronger-than-expected manufacturing growth in China and the U.S snapped a run of discouraging data on the economy, including dismal readings on home sales and economic output. The Institute for Supply Management said manufacturing activity in the U.S. rose in August, in contrast to regional reports from recent weeks that pointed to a slowdown.
At the top for 2011? "Pragmatic."
Newberg man is accused of arranging sexual assaults of three underage girls, one of them 4, and used Craigslist to round up men so that he could photograph them having sex with a 14-year-old, authorities reported tonight.
Taylor, a U.S. customs officer, faulted Sayre High School in West Philadelphia for the handling of his daughter Amber's injury. He said the principal didn't call an ambulance for Amber, then 16, who suffered a broken arm and wrist when she inadvertently got in the middle of a fight between other students.
Reed echoed that: "The least little noise you hear affects you. You can't go ignore anything."
Harvey autographed my comic books on the inside pages, where his name wouldn't rub off.
The 30-year-old WRKS-FM is an R&B and soul music station. Its cash flow has fallen by 75 percent in the past five years, Smulyan said. It competes with another R&B/soul New York station.
Energy policy, politics and pocketbook concerns are a combustible mix. Unfortunately, in the case of U.S. Rep. Fred Upton and his claims about the proposed Keystone XL tar sands pipeline, he's letting his partisanship and ties to Big Oil get in the way of reality.
There have been other cases since the 1980s of transplant organs being used more than once, but they were rare and involved instances in which the first recipient died.
Narcotics detectives with the Franklin County Sheriff's Department have not been able to make methamphetamine out of the product, said Sgt. Jason Grellner.
AL Central: Detroit
At the March meetings, organized by the Investment Company Institute, a trade group, industry officials supplied thick binders of information supporting their position.
Russia: 1 house (646 square meters), 2 apartments, 2 plots of land
"The audio man recorded part of a performance," Kingins says. "They were searching for the warm spot in the sanctuary, the best place to do the recording. They put the microphone probably 30 feet from the front of the church and raised the microphone probably 20 feet high and dubbed that God's seat, the place where the acoustics were most beautiful."
If you have only $50 to spend, the staff will come up with a wine that tastes like a hundred bucks. It could be a small producer in Burgundy or a wine from Spain or Italy. Choices will appease the oenophile and please the less experienced, with such interesting selections as the 2008 Heidi Schrock Muscat ($48) and the 2009 Elena Walch Gewurztraminer from Alto Adige ($57).
Benefits
"We've just got to get our calls faster and be dialed in with what they're doing," Suggs said. "It's happening fast for them, too. They pretty much know what they're doing, and we've just got to know what we're doing and just execute. It's going to be different."
On Thursday, the SEC briefly and inadvertently posted on its website an announcement that Mizzou had joined the conference. The SEC later attributed it to a mistake by the web vendor, which in turn said it had been written hypothetically.
The jewel-like McGregor Center has long been considered by many to be among the finest buildings designed by Yamasaki, the Detroit-based architect best known for designing the World Trade Center towers in New York City. Yamasaki died in 1986.
Falafel Hut
"A lot of tourists coming down from hotels are so disgusted and disappointed when they see this," said Stacey Tzortzatos, manager of a sandwich shop near Zuccotti Park. "I hope for the sake of the city the mayor does close this down."
Hot Tamales has a full bar and live entertainment in the form of jugglers, comedians, magicians and bands will be offered every night.
The first stage of the project is aimed at county and municipal government employees.
Long after flower power became a punch line for some, Donovan is one '60s survivor who hasn't abandoned the dream.
Something is off with Spencer's coaching. This team can't start a game strong, they can't finish strong, and they can't put a full 90 minutes together. This is a coaching issue. His players haven't bought into the plan.
That is a goal that appeals to Koschman's mother, Nanci, who joined the Better Government Association and a Northwestern University lawyer in asking for a special prosecutor. She said she has little interest in seeing Vanecko go to jail and was prepared for the painful episode in her life to end without charges being filed.
When she learned of Nickell's accident, Travis had hadn't even unpacked her suitcase. She rummaged through it, looking for something to wear on the tearful airplane back to Orlando.
Desserts look like they could have come from the kitchen at Masa's, a surprise given their plebian names. Chocolate tres leches cake ($8) is a brownie-like square of chocolate cake centered in a puddle of sauce; a quenelle of spiced chocolate ice cream off to one side is connected to the cake with a piece of candy made from pretzels. The square of thyme shortbread ($4) on lemon curd features strawberries and a too-heavy dusting of powdered sugar. Both are interesting, but aren't as successful as the savory courses.
This winery is run by Eric Glomski, who's become northern Arizona's prince of grapes. He consults with or creates wines for several other Arizona producers, including Caduceus and Arizona Stronghold. But he concentrates his best efforts on the wines made for his own label. The winery features an outdoor patio and a selection of cheese plates and appetizers.
Things are very good for the St. Louis slugger right now.
2: FENTRESS -Brian Jackson. Rov
The Spurs practiced Tuesday before the NBA made the afternoon announcement. All-Star Tony Parker, who might be having the most complete season of his career, later tweeted congratulations to the only NBA coach he's ever known.
How they got here: New Mexico State claimed the Western Athletic Conference's automatic berth for the second time in three season after annihilating Louisiana Tech 82-57 in Saturday's WAC Tournament championship game.
It wasn't until after his announcement that Cornett learned that Oklahoma City had the highest penetration of fast food restaurants in the country -- not a coincidence, he suggested.
The U.S. Embassy in Beijing did not confirm or deny rumors that Chen Guangcheng, whose 19 months of confinement in his home village had attracted worldwide attention, may have sought sanctuary through U.S. or other Western diplomats.
While Starke sees no need for antibacterial products for home use, "this isn't something that I lose sleep over," he said.
Rogger inherits a team that was surrounded by disappointment in a season that saw the Buccaneers finish 20-33-7 and fail to miss the playoffs for a fifth consecutive season.
The concept of a farm having shareholders was popular in Japan in the 1960s, when development started gobbling up farmland. People banded together to form clubs called teikei, which translates to "food with the farmer's face on it." They frowned on chemical agriculture and thought if consumers wanted a nonconventional food system, they had to create it themselves.
Prices: $9-$18
Payne said she's seen girls try on dozens of dresses before finding the right one.
The statement calls for strengthening border security, creating a secure system for employers to verify employees' legal status, requiring immigrants to register for legal status and establishing a "market-based immigration process" that supports workforce needs, including seasonal and highly skilled workers.
NEW YORK -- Oil prices dropped Thursday for the first time in nine days after the International Energy Agency said the rebellion in Libya may have cut oil production less than originally feared.
Ross, a former political officer at the U.S. State Department, has come across his fair share of bureaucratic speak, so he has a keen eye for the ridiculous in speeches from people like, say, Fidel Castro, who has a poem in the anthology from a speech that in reality took an hour to recite (it's truncated in the book).
Instead, the Police Department closed the recently reopened case on March 1 without seeking criminal charges. The police concluded that the 6-foot-3, 230-pound Vanecko threw the punch that knocked the 5-foot-5, 140-pound Koschman to the street, where he struck his head, causing a brain injury that killed him 11 days later - but that Vanecko acted in self-defense. They reached that conclusion without speaking to Vanecko, who they say ran away afterward and has refused to speak with detectives.
Kendall Reyes, Connecticut
Let's be honest: Handing Albany such a huge sum in exchange for promises and baby-step "reforms," as Team Obama did, is a bit like giving an unemployed junkie cash for a fix, based on a vow to, maybe, peruse the want ads one day.
"A just spending bill cannot rely on disproportionate cuts in essential services to poor and vulnerable persons," the bishops wrote.
Despite these objections, Republican lawmakers are eager to pass a pro-business set of standards.
Martin's father was not happy and grounded the teen for the duration of the suspension.
John Hickenlooper was Denver mayor back in 2004, not its school superintendent, so he can hardly be faulted if his dramatic promise to Cole Middle School students that they'd be provided with enough money to go to college failed to ignite a transformational change.
Looking forward to trading Dwight and hopefully getting a quality draft pick over the summer, hang in there Magic fans..
Defend Life will hold a news conference and a Mass Thursday in tribute to the 35 late-term fetuses that were found in a freezer at Dr. Steven Brigham's clinic in Elkton. The Mass will be held at Immaculate Conception Church in Elkton.
This is an absolute war. Rick Jackson against Kenny Frease in the paint. Tu Holloway vs. Scoop Jardine on the perimeter. What eventually does the Musketeers in however, is their inability to break the 2-3 zone with 3-pointers. Syracuse, 80-73.
"People don't generally hang this stuff on the walls in galleries," said Collinsville illustrator and exhibit curator Jim Cook. "It's kind of more our everyday life - in the books we read or newspapers or magazines or posters even. I don't think it's something people stop and think about: That this is work that somebody is behind, this creative force and all that goes into making it."
A homemade cardboard visage of the former Heisman Trophy winner and NFL quarterback appeared on the arm of senior Rachel Bird, a basketball player and cheerleader bound for Northwestern College in Orange City come fall.
"Endorsed by the NRA and the Buckeye Firearms Association throughout my career, my record of standing up for the Second Amendment speaks for itself," Mandel writes.
Cooking series: If cooking is your passion, check out the new Wednesday night series offered at Stella, the restaurant of the Cedar House Sport Hotel in Truckee. For $75, you can enjoy an entertaining evening devoted to the culinary arts. Details: www.cedarhousesporthotel.com.
In his 45-minute speech, Adams referred to bicyclists, urban gardeners, people who lack proper sidewalks and people of color.
-- Chancellor Jim Petro
"Brave": Pixar and Disney tap the current fairy-tale craze with the story of a flame-haired Scottish princess skilled with a bow and arrow. Kelly Macdonald ("Boardwalk Empire") voices the lead character, and Billy Connolly, Craig Ferguson, Kevin McKidd and Robbie Coltrane also lend their voices. That's a lot of burr. June 22
Will and others lament the loss of the polling-place experience, the people all coming together at schools, churches and other places to vote. I agree that Oregon has lost something in its move to vote by mail.
--LF Nolan Reimold was held out of the lineup Tuesday and likely won't play Wednesday either, manager Buck Showalter said. Reimold has a bulging disk in his back, Showalter said, and he returned to Baltimore to meet with team doctors. There are no plans to place him on the disabled list as of now, and he could return to action in time for the Boston series this weekend.
The sneaky octopus, however, will be there all fall and winter.
Dear E.H.: You could construct a fabric piecing all the fabrics you mentioned into one big collage. Then use it for whatever appeals to you: a dress, a stole, a tunic, etc. The combination of contrasting fabrics is definitely a look of the moment -- and the next moment. You could also use the dressy fabrics to make beanbag-shaped evening bags.
Lasher disagreed that nine people is too many, though, saying, "We wouldn't want it larger." She said qualifications will be the primary criteria, and some members could be recruited from out of state.
Airstream art
Afghan President Hamid Karzai raised another condition Tuesday for that long-awaited deal. He said the accord must spell out the yearly U.S. commitment to pay billions of dollars for the cash-strapped Afghan security forces.
"Nobody knew what to do because he is the captain of the plane," said Don Davis, the owner of a Ronkonkoma, N.Y.-based wireless broadband manufacturer who was traveling to Sin City for a security industry conference.
Many appear not to be. The district said some parents don't want their children to take extra English language classes. Other parents, perhaps quite poor, want their children, particularly their teenage sons, to go to work and earn a paycheck.
The ring is gold. It has a single diamond on top. On one side it has "WEBSTER" on it and the word "EXCELLENCE." On the other side it reads: "DEDICATION."
Rain was an issue for many runners during last year's marathon, when 2.36 inches fell, the wettest L.A. Marathon since it began in 1986.
A girl, 12, was shot in the shoulder and taken to University of Chicago Comer Children's Hospital.
The money's irrelevant. He's getting $5.5 million this season, plus there's a $500,000 buyout. Owner Mike Ilitch pounced from the shadows at the last second and guaranteed Prince Fielder $217 million. Do you really think he's going to care if he has to eat Inge's $6 million? If he stays, it'll have nothing to do with what they're paying him, but rather how much he could still contribute, if only in a limited reserve role.
As a result, Portland's sewer and stormwater rates are among the most expensive in the country. A 2007 survey by Black & Veatch put Portland No. 1 on the list, followed by Redmond, Wash., and Fort Collins, Colo.
"Does a bear tweet in the woods?" Glen Bearian asked on Twitter late Tuesday afternoon. "Yes. Yes, he does."
A: The first printing of Eich's request didn't turn up any recipes. We provided one that seemed similar, and then the floodgates opened.
Typical hobbies provide spare time recreation for millions of Americans, but a group of hobbyists known as ham radio operators use amateur radio technology to provide a valuable public service to their communities.
Dozier, 24, is batting .276 with a homer and 12 RBI in 28 games at Class AAA Rochester, cooling off after a hot start. The Twins still selected Dozier as a replacement for Justin Morneau, who is headed to the 15-day disabled list because of tendinitis in his left wrist.
Tickets: Individual tickets range from $15 to all-event passes for $50. Discounted tickets available for senior citizens and children ages 6-12.
Two of the other suspended players, Vilma and Smith have also denied any participation in the bounty system that resulted in the suspensions of Saints coach Sean Payton and former defensive coordinator Greg Williams.
More than 50 people participated in the walk, organized by the
Industry officials weren't immediately available for comment.
"Some people would be all stressed about that," Oregon coach Vin Lananna said. "But I actually think she cherishes the moment."
Sizzler, known for its affordable steaks, is taking a different approach. It's going back to its roots.
The board sustained the first two allegations, and said it rolled in the profane language complaint into the first allegation.
Traditional worship with the anthem choir begins at 9 a.m.; contemporary worship with the band starts at 11:10 a.m. John and Karen Berkey are greeters. Sunday school for all ages is at 10 a.m.
Senior Connections will honor Jim Miller, Chairman and CEO of Fidelity Southern Corporation, at the event.
-- Geoduck clam
5. David Umbaugh, EDW, 44.93
Shantinique used to walk to school with a big group of friends and neighbors when she attended nearby Osborn. But that was two years ago. Now she attends Denby and lives on a different block, one with mostly older residents.
Timothy Geithner: After being nominated as President Obama's Treasury secretary in 2009, questions were raised about his family's former housekeeper, whose immigration papers expired while she was working for Geithner. He was ultimately confirmed.
Hours: 11a.m.-10 p.m. Monday-Thursday, 11 a.m.-11 p.m. Friday and Saturday, 11 a.m.-9 p.m. Sunday
Much of eastern Omaha has been designated a superfund site by the EPA because of the extent of the contamination.
Think about that sentence for a moment. Re-read it, if you like. The words are remarkable, the concept stunning.
Meanwhile, the lender continues to pay for its earlier mortgage operations. Wells Fargo was one of five banks that participated in the $25 billion mortgage servicing and foreclosure settlement with the federal government and state attorneys general announced in February.
A $25 registration fee includes a light breakfast, poker play, lunch after the ride and the prizes. Ride registration is being accepted by mailing a check payable to the Lambert Airport Rotary Club to Charles R. Ehlert, 36 Scenic View Court, St. Charles, MO 63303. Ride information will be mailed after registration is received.
The problem with traditional credit scores from FICO Inc. and its competitors is that they measure how well individuals keep up with their payments, but don't pay any attention to their overall financial health, she said. "Scoring doesn't question where the money is coming from to make payments."
Other honorees included BYU's Elaine Michaelis, Gonzaga's Blake Stepp, Loyola Marymount's Billy Bean, Pepperdine's Dana Jones, Portland's Kasey Keller and San Diego's Thomas Burke.
"All K-9s owned by the city are deemed property of the city and you will be given further instructions as to how to proceed with relinquishing possession of said K-9 officers," reads Timonere's memo to the officers, which sets April 1 as the day the K-9 unit disbands.
Because Sunday is our most widely read edition, we showcase some of our best work here. Watchdog and investigative journalism remains the core of our news mission, and today we offer a probing look at the generous severance packages of area superintendents. We also look to tell stories about people, their challenges and inspirations.
In addition, county commissioners emphasized protections for local businesses that might be affected by the project, a recognition of West Linn's interests in the project, advocacy for a West Linn representative on the steering committee and continued efforts to address congestion along Oregon 43.
Board member Bobbie Regan said it's important to understand the scale of $27 million less in spending. That pays for about 18 days of school or more than 300 jobs, Wynde said.
"We must review why the pipe leaked, know how long the line is and where it delivers water. We also must know what might happen when we open up the floor and concrete under it. For example, do we jeopardize the post tension?" she says.
Instead, the project was approved 3-2. Commissioners Yan Zhao, Pragati Grover and David Reis voted for the project, with commissioners Tina Walia and Mary-Lynne Bernald voting against it. Commissioner Joyce Hlava recused herself because she lives within 500 feet of the project and Leonard Almalech did not attend the meeting.
"We're winning games, that's really what matters," Guerra said.
One example among many: Foreign operations trimmed Apple's corporate tax bill by $2.1 billion in 2010.
132: Ben Morgan, Forest Lake**
Earlier this year, a jury convicted Eidson of second-degree murder and concealment of a dead body.
A mountain lion that ran through a group of Arizona campers and attacked their dog before being killed has tested positive for rabies.
Curtis Granderson put the Yankees ahead in the first with his ninth homer, a drive off the ribbon board in front of the upper deck in right. Davis, who had three hits, tied it in the second with his fifth homer and Hardy's two-run drive gave Baltimore a 3-1 lead in the third.
Fudge called the Transportation Department's decision "a victory for common sense and all taxpayers."
Two teens had tried to hold up a female cashier at the south end of the Fred Meyer at Southeast Foster Road and 82nd Avenue about 10:40 p.m. Monday. When the guard came running to her aid, "the security got shot at," said Sgt. Joe Santos of the Portland Police Bureau's robbery unit.
Carolyn Boone Grenfell, a descendant of Alphonso Boone, who established Boone's Ferry in 1847, will be at the workshop. Grenfell was 3 when she traveled on the ferry's last trip in 1954. More than 55 years later, Grenfell hopes some of her family's history can be showcased on McMenamins' walls. She's even willing to share photos.
19 Chicago Bears: Name, Shea McClellin, OLB, Boise State
Democrats said they had planned to introduce the measure next year, but stepped up their timetable after an article appeared Tuesday in The Star-Ledger focusing on how looser eligibility requirements have led to a record increase in the awarding of pensions.
The unions would like you to believe they advocate in the best interest of the worker, but they also enjoy the money they syphon from each workers' paycheck. They squander funds on lawyers, lawsuits and political pay backs without input or approval from the members obligated to contribute.
Asked whether the naval reservists would have to move or hold their event simultaneously with Occupy Denver, Hickenlooper said, "It's one event at a time."
In addition to cleaning up around town, other Pride Day activities include a Shred-It event for North Ridgeville residents. Shredding trucks from Shred-It Mobile Shredding and Recycling will be at the North Ridgeville Senior Center from 9 a.m. to noon. Paper documents, as well as CDs and floppy disks can be shredded. Because of the high demand, a two-box limit will be imposed. The free event will take place rain or shine.
I tried to call Barton DePalma, who may or may not live in Menlo Park and/or New Mexico, according to the Internet. I left a couple of messages/crank calls here and there. So we'll see what comes of that.
The imaginative treatment of Prospero's slaves means that hulking Caliban (Carl Overly Jr.) must dress up as the famous Cherokee Street Indian statue, despite his protests. And the sprite Ariel (Minerva Lopez) has never longed more poignantly for freedom, mostly in Spanish. Lopez also wears true modern-fairy gear, a wonderful white jean jacket embroidered with big red roses. Production designer Justin Barisonek and his team of neighborhood artists give the show a strong urban look.
Diane Kish, a hospital spokeswoman, said the emergency room had placed restrictions on visitors Monday, but the hospital continued to accept patients. The restrictions were lifted by Monday evening.
Clubhouse confidential: Chris Perez was checking out the bullpens at Progressive Field on the flat-screen TV in the Indians' clubhouse before Saturday's game.
These are questions the Jets will have to answer. They also face questions about their premature announcement of the trade. Tebow's brother, Robby Tebow, told reporters yesterday in Florida that the family thought the trade to the Jets was a done deal - but "apparently (the Jets) didn't read the fine print."
The lower portion of the trail, through a lush meadow called Sheep Crossing, parallels a gurgling portion of the Little Colorado River and is about as pretty as it gets in Arizona. After about four easy miles you begin your climb at the base of the mountain, surrounded the rest of the way by tall pines.
The IMF insists the departure of former chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn has not hurt its day-to-day operations, but it is clearly under pressure to find a successor fast to lead an organization that provides billions in loans to stabilize the world economy. A new chief would also draw attention away from the seamy scandal surrounding Strauss-Kahn, who quit this week to face charges in New York that he tried to rape a hotel maid.
He staked his legitimacy on his father's 46-year rule. Kim Jong Il never called himself president of North Korea. Instead, he bestowed on his father after death the title of "eternal president," while he took lesser titles such as chairman of national defense and general secretary of the main political party.
Matheny said Craig and hitting coach Mark McGwire have been talking throughout the former's rehab assignment. They talk about what Craig is feeling his swing, what stage of timing he thinks he's at in regards to a spring training spectrum, and what hints that McGwire can offer over the phone.
Schools rated "outstanding" outnumbered low-rated schools at most metro-area districts, including Portland, Beaverton, Hillsboro, North Clackamas and Gresham-Barlow.
"This is the biggest game he's ever played in and Saturday will be even bigger," Nuggets coach George Karl said of Lawson, whose 32 points were a career-playoff high.
Government officials would also find suitable applicants from the area's prominent research institutions and a state population that ranks second in the nation as far as adults with at least a college degree.
On a recent Thursday evening, five men meet at their local pub for a pint. Just before 8 they rise up from the table, go to the corner of the room, grab their instruments and turn around with a twang.
Still, the poll, which was commissioned by consultant Jim Stearns in preparation for the upcoming Democratic County Central Committee elections, did find the mayor's oft-repeated call for "jobs, jobs, jobs" is resounding well with the liberal side. Fifty-six percent of those surveyed listed jobs as their top concern.
Dear Marylou: If Lady Gaga is the new Madonna, as some suggest, is she having an influence on fashion the way Madonna did with the bullet bra, etc., etc., etc.? -- H.S., Denver
Downriver on the South Platte, the data show benzene at 240 ppb on Jan. 9, a decrease from 590 on Jan. 6 but still 48 times higher than the standard.
But plans for that parking garage have effectively been put on the back burner as a result of the privatization proposal, Parking Authority chairman Andy Lupo said.
The Interior Ministry statement says the blast was caused by a remotely detonated device in a mostly Shiite area about 10 miles (15 kilometers) west of the capital Manama.
"I see women who tell me they are trying to get by on four or five hours of sleep," he says, because they are working, taking care of kids, and maybe caring for their parents, too.
Terrance Daniel: 6-foot-6, 240 pound defensive end/tight end from Oakland (Bishop O'Dowd) Calif., is ranked as the No.45 defensive end in the country. In addition to football, Daniel had been been receiving recruiting interest from schools as a power forward in basketball.
Very good: RB Clinton Portis (2002).
ANC spokesman Jackson Mthembu indicated the party was considering a concession: scrapping plans to one day expand electronic tolling beyond the Johannesburg area.
"American Experience" (9 p.m. Monday and 8 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 20 and 21, Channel 25 and Channel 49): Bill Clinton is the subject of this two-part entry in the documentary series' acclaimed presidential profiles.
Dimora told the judge that since he will pay his own way he should be allowed to choose his lawyer. He wanted to retain Lillie and Holderman.
Alan Novak, who was chairman of the Pennsylvania GOP committee for most of Santorum's political career, said in an interview before the announcement that all the good Santorum has done to become relevant again in national politics would be "wiped out like a sandcastle hit by a wave" if he lost Pennsylvania on April 24.
Daniel Bryan d. Kofi Kingston
Both Russo and Dimora, former leaders of the county Democratic Party, have probably reached the end of their political careers, no matter what they or a court decides.
Spencer was asked what she was thinking as she walked to the stage to collect her statuette. "I was worried about falling down."
I got back into the sleep defensive pretty quickly after he was born. I could fall asleep on a moment's notice, anywhere, for I knew the 20 minutes I got passed out on the couch might be the difference between me making it through the night with my sanity intact and having a psychotic episode at 3 in the morning. And getting enough sleep wasn't the only thing I had to watch out for; how I fell asleep was almost important as the sleep itself. My body, afraid shifting in bed might wake me, would do a great impression of the dead the moment I passed out. I knew falling asleep with my arms underneath me or my neck at a weird angle would mean I could wake up with two arms or a neck that would not move. It's hard to pick up a crying child with hunks of meat that used to be your arms hanging from your shoulders.
"Really, what we want to know is, 'Do you have the votes?'" she said of Dayton's push to win legislative approval. "And if you do, let's pass it, get on with it, start building and be happy."
Attractions within include reserve tastings and free viewings of changing art displays such as the current historic collection of black-and-white photographs from Brett Weston.
8 p.m., DJ Nune
But John Sheehan, who oversees KMOX, said tradition as well as the massive reach of 1120 would appease those beyond the reach of the team's radio network who have been shut out of free coverage - many of whom are vocal.
Minuses: Desserts don't live up to the rest of the menu.
Colonial Bank FSB, with nine branches throughout southern New Jersey, including branches in Mantua and Washington Township, recently announced that Christine Otto, assistant vice president-branch manager for the branch located at Delsea Drive and Sherman Avenue in Vineland, has received the 2011 Employee of the Year Award.
There is no business without that name.
Natale would not disclose the amount spent on the entire project, saying only that the price is in the tens of millions.
Gladys Knight, calling herself the "grandma of rock and roll," tackled a tango to Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody." Not easy! "By far your most ambitious routine," said Carrie Ann, noting that it didn't quite all come together. Len praised Gladys for coping well with the music, but said she needed to be crisp. Bruno said she had "grace and style," but the changing tempo made it hard for her footwork to be correct. Scores: 7, 6, 7 = 20 There were boos in the ballroom.
"I definitely got a taste of what it's going to be like,'' said the 18-year-old Lyerla after making three catches for 37 yards and playing on nearly every special teams unit.
The data was reflected in the latest MoneyTree report, prepared by the National Venture Capital Association and PricewaterhouseCoopers using data from Thomson Reuters.
This past weekend's temporary shuttering happened, in part, because the Klines weren't aware that bills had been piling up until the IRS filed its lien late last year. The couple, the Journal reported, had handed over bookkeeping to staff in order to prepare for retirement.
Whole milk and non-fat milk both have about 300 milligrams of calcium per 8-ounce cup. Whole milk, however, packs about 146 calories and nearly 8 grams of fat per cup, while fat-free contains about 83 calories.
"The women's movement was in part about ensuring women's liberty interests -- that in the hopes, wishes and desires about any aspect of their life, they were the shot-callers," said Reynolds, chairman of the National Commission on Civil Rights. "I think we are trampling upon that concept."
Berntson immediately went to Hennepin County Medical Center, where he began treatment to stave off the HIV infection. The effects, Deputy Benjamin Ebbers testified, were immediate: He was unable to keep food down, dropped weight and was fatigued. He lost color in his face.
A 2008 Johns Hopkins University study found that kids who ride bikes at least twice a week were less likely to be overweight.
he brings to the table for us, especially down low."
2 -- Marco Santana de Carvalho, D, Iowa Western C.C., Salvador, Brazil
Performing came less naturally. "The main challenge was getting over my shyness with singing and being the main focus. I had to get over that, because I had these songs that I wanted to get out there for people to hear. It was just a matter of getting experience, doing it as much as I could, playing in as many situations as possible. I'm pretty much fine now.
Business Begins at Home: 7 to 8:30 p.m. at the Cuyahoga County Public Library, Maple Heights Branch, 5225 Library Lane. Go to tinyurl.com/68vde6c to register.
Notes: After all of the official media questions were over Rueck took a few minutes to show off pictures of his new baby girl, Macey Elizabeth, who was born Sunday night and measured in at 8 pounds, 7 oz and 21 inches long (sounds kinda tall for a Rueck, eh?) Rueck reported that baby and mom, Kerry, were doing well and on their way home from the hospital Tuesday morning. Kerry and Scott Rueck have two other children, Cole (7) and Kate (5), and Rueck said they were overjoyed at the new family member.
That realization is that his first day in radio was on the 46th birthday of Jack Buck, the legendary Cardinals broadcaster whose spot Rooney now has in the booth.
Passing defense ... 1st ... 159.9
SM East at SM West
You can find out at a free "Medicare Check-up Day" in Strongsville on Wednesday, one of three sessions to be held in Cuyahoga County.
looters or arsonists would be shot.
patients.
The school proposed alternate penalties, including playing a shorter schedule next season, forfeiting the revenue awarded to the Big East for participating in the 2013 tournament and barring coach Jim Calhoun from meeting off-campus with prospective recruits during the fall 2012 contact period.
One Kansas City area man contacted The Star wanting to know how to help a human trafficking victim he knows. One area woman said she planned to approach her Lenexa pastor to see if area churches could create a safe house for sex trafficked women.
AARP-NJ commissioned the poll to generate support for a bill the Legislature passed to create an online marketplace insurance companies would use to advertise policies regulated by a state-appointed board. It would be designed to lure hundreds of thousands of uninsured people as well as small business owners looking for cheaper and subsidized rates.
How do you feel about accessories?
Nick Lampson (D) - $304,262
"It reminds me of Grandma's house, if I had a groovy grandma."
Franklin County Sheriff Gary Toelke said that Berti told investigators that the sex was consensual.
"Out of everything I saw, there was only one thing that I saw that was illegal," said juror Rickey Randall, 58 , of St. Clair Shores, referring to the gun charges
I stand behind the Second Amendment, and it applies to all, not a select few.
Here's what the debt commission recommended:
15505 Green Lane Ave., $65,000
When the company sold a card it would pay the post office 24 cents, which the agency would keep whether the card is ever mailed or not.
Officers spotted the 20-year-old suspect running up the stairs and arrested him in the home, Nebus said. Tucker Cipriano was arrested just after 8 a.m. at a home in Keego Harbor, he added. Another man was also taken into custody, but police were trying to determine whether he was involved, Nebus said. Police did not have information on arraignments. Crime scene investigators were expected to be processing the scene well into Monday night, Nebus said.
"We weren't giving them much, but you never know when you've got only one goal," Villa said. "We've been like that recently -- we get one goal and we kind of sit on it."
How come? We'll keep this short, if not sweet:
In the land of "Tim & Eric," there is no "too much." Over-the-top isn't something to be evaded, it's an ethos. Packaged in public-access TV production and frenzied, chopped-up editing, it has the hyper pacing you'd expect to find in a Japanese TV commercial.
Honda, which makes 80 percent of the vehicles sold in North American at plants in the region, also said it will be able to import only a limited number of Japan-built cars in the U.S. That means dealers won't be able to order the Fit subcompact, and the CR-Z, Insight and Civic gas-electric hybrids until later in the year.
The early business was "terrific," Davidowitz said, but that was followed by a "huge slowdown" beginning around 10 a.m.
Hey, Jim: Briefly, the Browns are better on the defensive line, in the secondary, and, yes, at receiver (with Greg Little). I believe their overall coaching staff is good. Dick Jauron and Ray Rhodes were excellent additions on defense. The disappointments center on the offense -- overall lack of production, inconsistency on the offensive line, a breakdown in the running game and subsequent unproductive play at quarterback. Keep in mind the new offensive system is only six games old. As for the Hillis soap opera, his mind obviously has been affected by the melodrama. The running game in general also has suffered.
Second, Leonard said Adams wasn't frank with him in 2007. That's when the allegation initially surfaced and when Leonard asked Adams if he'd had a relationship with an underage boy. Adams told him no.
Everybody's talking about the Dew Tour, but unless you're an extreme sports fan - or live with one - you may need a primer on what some say will be the highlight of this summer in Ocean City. I'm not an expert either, but here goes:
8 p.m. Friday, Orchestra Hall, Max. M. Fisher Music Center, 3711 Woodward, Detroit. 313-576-5111. www.dso.org. $18-$60.
What strikes you is Guardiola's declaration that four years at the helm are "an eternity." It seems a laughable statement when compared to some of his peers, like Sir Alex Ferguson, who has passed the quarter-century park at Manchester United, or Arsene Wenger, in his 16th season at Arsenal.
Kristy Lee Cook: Looking snazzy in a metallic dress, Kristy sings "Forever." Yet another song I haven't heard. I'm starting to think I'm not all that familiar with Mariah Carey's ouevre. Anyway, Mariah says Kristy's version gave the diva "goosebumps." Kristy's not cut out for Mariah material, exactly, but she does a pretty good job. Randy says he didn't think that was "amazing." There were some dreaded pitchy moments, but she started stepping it up toward the end. Paula thinks Kristy, like Syesha, is smart and knows how to strategize what to do from week to week. Simon says, "You probably weren't jumping for joy, were you, when you heard it was Mariah Carey week." Kristy jumps in, "I was just glad I gave her chills." Simon snarks, "You didn't give ME chills...it just wasn't great." Brrr!
Gingrich thanked members of his family as well as the 179,000 donors who contributed to his primary campaign.
As with so many of the era's projects, it put architects, engineers, stone masons, sculptors and painters to work alongside those with few skills and little education. Completed in 1938, the place brims with artistic renderings of Oregon's rich, hearty history. Murals and paintings in the lobby, stairwells and House and Senate chambers tell tales of explorers, pioneers and salt-of-the-earth newcomers. They're imposing, oversized, inspirational -- and similar to striking pieces commissioned with federal money for public buildings across the state.
Elements of the judiciary have worked most of the session to come to a compromise on proposals that would strengthen DWI laws, divert some drunk drivers to drug courts and improve the tracking of such cases through various municipal courts.
--2B Jemile Weeks is hitless in his past 12 at-bats, and he went 2-for-24 on the just-completed road trip. Weeks missed two of the past four games with groin tightness, but he is expected to play Tuesday against Toronto.
Circuit Court Judge Robert Kershaw, after accepting the pleas, told the boys about a juvenile who had been involved in a similar case seven years ago and came back to court in recent weeks. He said that suspect, now 21, was embarking on a career in medical services, "dedicating his life" to helping people.
The name attached to the regional planning agency Sterman headed for 26 years is something of a misnomer.
Fairleigh Dickinson (2-25, 1-15 NEC)
In response, Hoboken Tim Tebow told the mayor that he is a parody account, and blamed her for outing Tebow's whereabouts, as no one was able to confirm his exact home until now.
Stuart Beals
"Athletes will not wait for the clinical trials," he said. "I'll bet there are already lots of athletes out there drinking loads of green tea," he added.
Suu Kyi's rise to public office marks a reversal of circumstance for a woman who became one of the world's most prominent prisoners of conscience, held under house arrest for much of the last two decades. When the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize winner was finally released in late 2010, few could have imagined she would rise from democracy advocate to elected office holder in less than 18 months.
Hours: Lunches, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. weekdays, and noon to 3 p.m. Saturday. Dinners, 5 to 10 p.m. Monday through Thursday; 5 to 11 p.m. Friday and Saturday; 3 to 10 p.m. Sunday.
It is unfitting for the Republican candidates to attack each other when a sitting Democratic president has so many negatives. Better that the Republican campaign funds be used for winning the election rather than the primaries, but individual ego always seems to come into play.
They don't normally call it Monday Night Football for nothing - the last time any NFL game was played on a Tuesday night was in Oct. 1946. And the last time the Eagles played on a Tuesday was in September 1944 - when they went up against the "Boston Yanks" at Fenway Park.
What's more, my admiration for the machine rose considerably after my lesson with Will Hanson, owner of Aspire Fitness Studios in Beachwood. After my workout with him, I saw a whole new realm of potential.
"The British mentality is you use spring training to get healthy and
Howell North appeared to take a 2-0 lead early in the second half as Fouch headed the ball home some seven minutes into the half. But the play was ruled offside.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- The Alaska Senate race is headed for another nailbiter in the rematch between Sen. Lisa Murkowski and tea party favorite Joe Miller.
Coen's wife, Brenda, pleaded with Judge Shinn for a lighter sentence or probation.
Pigott's home run shot over the right field wall helped him match a career-high with four RBI on the day and was his second home run in the series.
Starkovich: We serve a wide variety of economic backgrounds and cultural diversity and all are treated equally. Our staff is very diverse, all religions, and ethnic backgrounds. Many languages. The staff can get very close to customers and especially here at the health center because people are fragile.
Peter Lawson Jones is homegrown: born in Mt. Sinai Hospital, grew up in the Glenville neighborhood and now lives with wife Lisa in Shaker Heights. The Cuyahoga County commissioner has a lot to say to Clevelanders who are negative about their city.
Dec. 9 at Indianapolis, 1:00
"In Colombia they teach more of a technical game," Perlaza said. "Here in the U.S., they play at a higher velocity, (with) high speed and using the space. And the rhythm is a lot faster.
While attracting 10,000 people to more than 60 sessions across multiple locations in the middle of a Chicago summer is a pretty ambitious goal (similar efforts have been tried before) three-year-old midVentures has as a good a chance as any organization to pull it off.
Joe Wollet, who lives in Strongsville, received an unwanted AccountNow prepaid card in the mail last month. About the same time, Linda Groff of Bainbridge e-mailed that her husband, Tim, had received an unsolicited AccountNow prepaid card, too.
PolitiFact New Jersey found the claim is wrong. Norcross' comments during a February interview on the WHYY radio program referenced restructuring and boosting investment in higher education overall.
This spring, Bauman heard he won the competition for the 15th District, which is represented by Rep. Mike Honda.
The hospital has fired three employees, created an all-female ward, begun random monitoring and started to clinically reassess patients.
Home cooks, start your griddles. The Grilled Cheese Academy, a marketing arm of the Wisconsin Milk Board, is looking for contest entries in the 2012 Grilled Cheese Sandwich Contest. The winner will receive a trip for two to New York City and other prizes. Fifteen other winners will take home prizes, including gift cards and Wisconsin Cheese baskets. To enter, check out GrilledCheeseAcademy.com (click on the words "2012 Grilled Cheese Sandwich Contest" at the top of the page). Several of the winning recipes will be featured in a grilled cheese e-book. The contest deadline is May 8.
But Salinas knew when it was time to get a job, competition would be fierce. Many employers didn't want to hire new graduates. They wanted to hire a person with two to three years' experience, he said.
"I've urged people to take the 'over' in terms of how many delegates they think Paul will have at the convention," Putnam said.
Speaking of Lewis, he engineered Bank of America's acquisition of Countrywide Financial, the giant mortgage company.
Your cats' reactions sound pretty typical. One thing that really bugs cats is to not know what's going on, like during an earthquake.
An electrical failure Thursday morning at a pumping station on South North Point Road in eastern Baltimore County was repaired by 3:30 p.m., restoring water to about 8,000 city and county residents.
Free Homeschool Math and Logic Class. Experience an interactive, math class with your kids ages 6-12. Class topics will include logical thinking, problem solving, mathematical concepts using visual and physical tools, logic games and puzzles. Registration required. 11:30 a.m., IMACS Plantation, 7435 NW Fourth St., Plantation. 954-791-2333. Free.
The Thunder, with their 20-something All-Star duo Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook, are instead going home to wait and see who they will play next.
The questions he asked Favre were "inside" football stuff. What was his "hot" read on a play bust or a "hurry"? Out of certain formations, could he call an audible against a shifting front? He worked more on his footwork with Favre than an athlete on "Dancing with the Stars." He worked on quickening his release.
"Chicago was incredibly close to John Paul's heart," Levine said during the announcement at The Arts Club of Chicago, which also included Cardinal Francis George and other dignitaries. "He loved our diversity. He loved our diversity of religion, our diversity of people, our diversity of who we are that makes us American, including of course, the incredible population of Polish Americans who are here in Chicago ...."
"Every wreck that is lost is the richest wreck lost. Every wreck ever found is the biggest ever found. Every recovery is the biggest ever recovery," Marx said.
Eligibility requirements will need to be met. They include graduating with a 2.5 or higher GPA on a 4.0 scale, having an attendance record of at least 95 percent in grades 9 to 12, and performing at least 50 hours of unpaid tutoring or mentoring.
Q. Do you look back with regret that you were on the wrong path before you had children?
The body of a carpenter who vanished while working on a new Mississippi River bridge span was recovered about 5:30 p.m. Thursday, officials said.
METRO STRIKERS SOCCER CLUB PREMIER CUP 2012
After falling behind Lafayette 11-8 in Game 1 of the championship, SLUH went on a 6-0 run thanks to some solid serving. The Jr. Bills went on to win the first game convincingly, then pulled off the sweep with the victory in Game 2.
He made his presentation, told the new boss where and why he'd over-spent -- mostly to make the Grand Cherokee's interior look and feel ritzy and inviting -- and waited for the ax to fall. Another executive at the table began rattling off what features they could drop, where they could scrimp to get back on track.
The Faces will be inducted alongside the Small Faces, the 1960s group (of "Itchycoo Park" fame) that included Jones, Lane, McLagan and the late singer-guitarist Steve Marriott.
"Shakespeare in Love" wasn't the first time I have been disappointed with the outcome of the voting at the Oscars. And I'm sure it won't be the last. In fact, there are countless examples of how the 5,755 members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences have gotten it wrong. I don't understand why they don't just call me in advance to get my advice on how to vote.
But I don't believe the manager who claims he could have never missed the roof damage. If your account is accurate, and he had to climb up into the vehicle to see the dent, then it's far likelier that he missed the damage during the first inspection.
Lexington police had arrested several dozen people by the time the game had been over only a few minutes, police spokeswoman Sherelle Roberts said.
Lessons learned? When events happen, it's best for all of us -- public officials, the people they serve, and yes, the media -- not to jump quickly to conclusions.
Such toughness must be undergirded by unmistakable military might and the equally unmistakable, demonstrable will to employ such military power should the red line be crossed. In other words, the essence of deterrence.
(05-01) 16:34 PDT BAGRAM AIR FIELD, Afghanistan (AP) --
n Warrants are pending on a man arrested Nov. 11 for stealing a
The CareOne nursing home in Livingston was evacuated Saturday night because of lost power, Goepfert said.
KPNX-TV
Those are the winners announced Tuesday by the Watershed Task Force, a volunteer organization that produces the annual Earth Day Festival, runs San Clemente's Adopt-a-Beach Program and asks businesses and residents to promote clean beaches through recycling, water conservation, responsible business practices and keeping storm drains clear of muck.
Total employment in New Jersey fell to 3,910,400 in December, with losses in both the public and private sectors.
Ray Bateman, a Republican and former state assemblyman and senator, claimed that parts of southern New Jersey once fell below the Mason-Dixon Line, while Assemblyman John Wisniewski, a Democrat, claimed that certain New Jerseyans pay more in tolls commuting daily to New York than they do in state income taxes.
Brooklyn: Did Voicer Robert Damato read the article about the car towed from in front of the funeral home? The driver admitted that no ID was visible and that the tinted windows obscured the cardboard box containing the deceased. Someone left a human body unattended on the street for at least three hours, and it wasn't the city. Louise Quinlan
Father's footsteps
Also Friday, the plant operator reported that a fire broke out at 12:49 p.m. in the plant's turbine room outside the reactor containment dome on the northern reactor, Unit 2. The flame was extinguished at 1:41 p.m. by the plant's own fire department. There were no injuries, Edison said in a written statement.
I should probably mention that the charming, broad-shouldered Acevedo-Vanni once played professional rugby in his native Chile and in Italy.
The Superstition Mountains to the east provide a great backdrop to the 2.9-mile path as it weaves through paloverdes, saguaros and creosote.
Other performers during the festival hail from San Francisco, Australia, New Zealand, Colorado Springs, Wichita and, of course, Kansas City. Among the local performers will be Annie Cherry and Damian Blake; Foxy Van Trapp; Hot Cocoa; Sweet Louise and Madame (aka Marisa MacKay).
That ability was in full display Friday in the Lions' state quarterfinal against Miami Dr. Krop.
Times Outdoors editor Terry Tomalin has pitched his tent on beaches all over the world. His favorite coastal camp is Polihale State Park on the northwest shore of Kauai, Hawaii, but here at home, he likes Fort De Soto.
Aden's family and friends organized a 50-person search party on April 28, searching along the Mississippi River and at buildings near the intersection of E. Franklin Avenue and 30th Avenue S., where Aden was last seen by a classmate stepping off a bus.
I was a fan of the grilled artichoke appetizer ($10), an artichoke and a half with the leaves snipped and the bottom of the stem cut off, the whole thing sliced vertically and roasted on a hot grill. Some of the leaves and interior were seared almost to blackness, but with no burnt flavor. Instead, the artichoke had smoky aromas and smoky background flavors, with most of the flavor coming from the artichoke itself, seasoned liberally with salt and pepper.
So why haven't I heard of them?
Saturday and Sunday will be mostly cloudy with a chance of showers and thunderstorms. Highs will be in the low to mid 80s.
An inmate at the Orange County Jail simply recommended Baez to Casey Anthony. Aside from a murder case that gained him some attention in Lake County, Baez was a relative unknown.
A few months ago, Kirk and Patricia moved into the house next door. They are former Clevelanders who returned from Indiana to be closer to their grown kids and their grandchildren.
"We believe that our region is experiencing an economic and a poverty crisis and we are on the front lines of that crisis every day; providing high quality healthcare that is accessible to all regardless of their ability to pay," MetroHealth Spokeswoman Phyllis Marino wrote in a prepared statement.
Personal: Married to Michelle Tree, a second marriage for both; father of five
PER SERVING: 373 calories, 29 g protein, 10 g carbohydrate, 24 g fat (7 g saturated), 170 mg cholesterol, 967 mg sodium, 0 fiber.
On going back to work
So now they have made an offer to Lawrence to direct 'Catching Fire' and are waiting for him to sign the deal.
This year, the Round-Up, Sept. 15-18, is celebrating its 100th anniversary, and "The Wild West Way" helps provide a sense of what makes the centennial so significant. Portland-based OPB producers Eric Cain and Nadine Jelsing have assembled the necessary pieces of the back story:
"I just said I hope we come with a lot more heart and another part of the anatomy I cannot mention," he said. "And if we don't we're going to get the same results. It's pretty simple."
Microsoft Corp., Yahoo Inc. and other major Internet companies also must grapple with such demands. Google, though, is the biggest target because it processes about two-thirds of the world's search requests, and its YouTube service is the top spot for sharing video, with more than 500 million videos.
Patterson continues, "If it comes out true what she said you know that McDonalds knew about it, that the hospital she was hospitalized for 4 days why wasn't anybody contacted, the ball put in motion. Someone dropped the ball and a month later by the way we're going to offer free shots at Rocky."
Difficulty level: Moderate to Wind Cave, strenuous to the summit.
Calling all Young Adult Readers! Feel free to participate by commenting on these discussion questions developed by students at 826 Valencia's writing workshop The Critic Is You (www.826valencia.org).
True to form, Pete Carroll was not discouraged by Irvin's rap sheet.
Wolfgang Car Care Products
"Freezing Your Summer Produce" by Damaris Karenja of University of Missouri Extension, 2 -3:30 p.m. Wednesday, June 15, at Tesson Ferry Branch Library, 9920 Lin-Ferry Drive. Register by June 10 at ow.ly/4ZzZd or 314-994-3300. Free.
The allegations were contained in a federal criminal complaint the FBI filed today against Tahir Kazmi, 52, of Rochester Hills, who resigned as the county's chief information officer hours before the U.S. Attorney's Office disclosed the extortion, fraud and obstruction of justice charges against him.
At some vanishing point of stature and influence, provocations need to be marginalized instead of confronted. We could begin here: If a pastor has fewer than 50 congregants, and his daughter says he "needs help," perhaps he should be ignored.
There is no way American Express Co. can ensure compliance with cards not bought directly from AmEx, company spokeswoman Vanessa McCutchen told The Associated Press. So the company began pulling gift cards in New Jersey last week.
Jersey City firefighters made quick work of a one-alarm fire at a two-story building at 274 Princeton Ave. near Pearsall Avenue yesterday, officials said.
"It's different from an ad impression," Montgomery says. "The way we think about it is different, the depth of involvement, emotional levels, things that are along multidimensional lines."
New Balance Factory Store (hoodie) $14.99
"First it was blacks," she said. "And they couldn't stand black people. Now it's gay people. What's it gonna be next, handicapped people? They find something to pick at."
She and her sister, Alexis, learned early on to put others first, caring for their ailing father, family members have said.
Read his blog and comment
It recommends that people eat more meat, animal organs, eggs, milk, lard, butter, tallow and other animal fats. Yes! Finally! People like me, who recognize sour cream as a food group!
7. Property damage. Reported 5:07 p.m. March 27 in the first block of Love Park Lane. A 20-year-old woman was arrested for damaging landscape.
On Saturday, one such store, Von Maur, an Iowa-based department store founded in 1872, makes its Southeastern premiere at Alpharetta's North Point Mall.
"I think this will take us to a whole new level," said Goodell, dressed in a golf shirt, khakis and Nike shoes of an Air Max variety, befitting the appearance of a retail clerk, a role he played briefly at the store's opening.
Now, Damascus is working against a June 2015 deadline, the latest extension of a state requirement that Damascus agreed to when it became a city in 2004 in an attempt to control its destiny after being included in Metro's urban growth boundary in 2002.
Godbee said today at a press conference that it appeared the women had not been killed in Detroit, but their bodies returned to the city.
An undated photo of Rutgers Preparatory School Middle and Lower School students on the New Brunswick campus.
"I did have one moment very early on where I went, 'Oh-ohhh-my-goodness,' " he said in mock-trembling voice. "Then my wife said, 'It's just the next story.' And I also realized very early on in filming that all the money in the world doesn't change the problems. You're asking the same questions. Am I getting the camera-move that I want? Is that going to be ready in time? Is it any good?"
Britain's FTSE 100 fell 1.7 percent, Germany's DAX index slid 2.1 percent, and France's CAC-40 lost 2 percent. Japan's Nikkei stock average fell 1.5 percent.
The government says they're homegrown terrorists who plotted to kill police officers with bombs and guns.
The anger of Sami Hassoun, the man who tried to set off a bomb outside Wrigley Field, could have been overturned had he only followed his daily prescription - face east and prostrate into prayer. This is how Muslims should reconcile their anger - by praying for the salvation of their nation. Not by setting plots to destroy the very cities in which we live. This is the oath I have taken as a Muslim and as a citizen of this country, " . . . to sacrifice my life for the sake of my faith, country, and nation." Sami's actions only fuel the misconceptions about Muslims, and his violent act is not our true practice.
Beside the braised pot roast ($19), there are several other beef choices including a hanger steak ($19.50), 14-ounce rib eye ($29.50) and a WP burger ($10.50) with fresh fries.
Letteria said there's no clear end to this issue.
Obama moved from table to table, chatting with the kids and asking them about their favorite vegetables and the sports they might be playing in school.
Most incumbents were founded more than a century ago, he said. At one time, they were the only option, but today they provide less than 27 percent of phone connections in the state.
Today is Day 8, the final Day in The Plain Dealer newspaper series that took you behind the scenes to show you what happens every day inside the heart center.
During an unseasonably warm March, players complained about sloppy ice.
In order to apply this value principle to the delivery of services, Alley thinks we need to do away with our accepted budgeting practices.
In reviewing the 284 reports, the Register found:
250 Arbor Valley Place, $400,000, 03-14-12, 1,308 SF, 4 BR; 1978:$55,400
It's Smith's job to follow storm destruction and look for victims. After he lost track of the twister because four cars belonging to onlookers had blocked the road, his frustration peaked.
RHP Poll Pick: This position is a test of fence-sitters everywhere. There is no wrong answer, and apparently there is no right answer. I went with Tom Seaver*. When I first made out my list of the greatest living players, Seaver was one of the first names removed. Fast-forward a few days of research and Seaver was back on the trusty yellow legal bad, listed behind the likes of Bob Gibson, Bob Feller, Nolan Ryan and Roger Clemens. The more I looked, the more support for Seaver I found. I eventually sided with an ESPN poll of his peers that named him the best, and the influence he had over the next wave of starting pitchers. Still, there's a number of ways to go here. If you go with peak years, you can side with Gibson, Seaver, or Feller, the oldest living Hall of Famer. If you go with longevity and total numbers, Ryan's you're guy. If you go with the dominant heft from an entire career, then hold your nose and pick Clemens. Greg Maddux deserves some attention. And that's why I leave it up to you to pick. Click away. Active candidates: None like these guys.
Pines, junipers, hollies, ivy topiaries and rosemary plants are available for living Christmas trees at most garden centers. These plants are available in various sizes from trees you can use on tabletop or floor or even for outdoor decorating. These plants are sold in nursery containers to make watering and drainage easy.
But Dick Jacobs, the developer and former Indians owner who had owned the Ameritrust site since 1988, never paid Staubach.
"You people are crazy," Sabgir told them. "There are 33 people here and you're all fricking crazy. I'm officially canceling the walk."
Admission to the village is free as is a surfing expo on Friday night and a beach concert featuring Kid Cudi on Saturday night.
Quit smoking
With Plain Dealer reporters Stephen Koff, Aaron Marshall and Pat Galbincea
Producer Peter Samuelson ("Arlington Road") optioned it briefly. Mel Brooks liked the idea but wanted to change its entire execution. New Line flirted with making it as a National Lampoon movie. To amp up the script's exposure, Hansen used to slip a copy of it into the trunk of any Volvo that he sold at the dealership where he worked in the Valley.
The city rolled out its mobile photo enforcement unit earlier this month and started snapping away at those pressing a bit too hard on the gas pedal, police Capt. Bob Sackett said. The SUV staged catch-the-speeder photo shoots in school zones, along main corridors such as Turney Road and Broadway, and even on residential side streets.
"I want to play as soon as possible," he said. "I miss the game."
Whipped cream or ice cream, optional
Herr said at Friday's hearing that he found probable cause to move ahead with the case and set formal arraignment for May 29.
The Gerrys attribute his recovery to the excellent care he received. They also look back to Micah's out-of-the-blue decision three months earlier to begin running, which strengthened his lungs.
Successor agencies are expected to complete projects and start selling off agency assets. They also must surrender cash set aside for affordable housing projects.
Grady Sizemore spent eight hours a day rehabbing his knee in a Passive Motion Machine after undergoing microfracture surgery. I believe that's also another name for the Princeton offense...
As fast as Jimmy Dimora built a political machine to rule Cuyahoga County, his machine's collapse came even faster.
"We're confident that we've narrowed it to only seven cases," Fitch said, adding that investigators still are trying to determine the employee's motive.
That's how Ryan DePalo, Oregon Football Association president and former Oregon Duck football alum, got the cast of MTV's "The Buried Life" to come to Tigard High. He dared the four reality-show stars to cross a charity football game off their bucket list. The cast agreed and will assist campers from third- to sixth-grade, then take on DePalo and former teammates in a game at the end of the event.
His ultimate destination is being kept secret for his safety and it could be outside Florida.
A series of Bee investigations since last fall exposed widespread misconduct and apparent fraud within the Guard.
Nichol returns
"Once you are in the cycle, it's hard to get out," said Henderson, who began using heroin at 17 and tried to end her addiction "more times than I can remember" before making it. She was five months pregnant when she entered rehab for good; she was prompted by her desire to be a decent mother and by a drug rehab counselor who happened to see her at her bus stop.
She requested an extraction of her lower right first molar because it had been keeping her awake for the last four nights. X-rays showed 10 other teeth with decay and two other molars requiring extraction or significant dental work and resulting fees.
As The Times pointed out, most of the expenses were from private donations, but that means the museum is paying part of the bill.
"It's a pretty good trade when their third line gets a penalty and our best player is out for the rest of the game," Backes said. "Hopefully he's back for the next one.
The man Bolcar is replacing, Joseph DiPasquale, made $175, 838. DiPasquale is retiring.
The Tigers had Miguel Cabrera and Prince Fielder coming up to start the ninth. It behooved the Rays to go ahead right here.
Rancho Laguna Park: 2101 Camino Pablo (at Knoll Drive), Moraga. No fees.
We don't want to focus on being known for a particular product or segment. For us, whether you're a consumer or a small business or a large corporation or a high net worth individual, we want to be known for being great listeners, being exceptional at solving problems and issues, being innovative, and being absolutely committed to our customers and the community.
Police Sgt. James Ryan said the girl was taken to Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick for treatment of a severe concussion and fractured clavicle.
Dionne Randolph is a less grave, more energetic Mufasa than some - which makes his worries over parenting Simba and untimely death more poignant. Jelani Remi and Syndee Winters as adult Simba and his gal Nala also have youthful singing voices, which enhance their characterizations.
Schultz plans to hire up to 150 scientists and staff members who will attempt to transform promising discoveries into potential drugs and treatments that could be brought to market by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.
Continued high unemployment can take some of the credit for the deeper pessimism.
"Well, McCain lost," Kennedy continued. "I can't help but think that this time around, if there is anything that could plausibly be used, no matter how ugly, it will be used. So I anticipate a very messy, ugly campaign."
"She wants to finish with the group she came in with," Concordia coach Randy Dalzell said. "She knows we have a chance at a team trophy."
Now Norway grieves for Dale Oen, who died in Flagstaff after suffering cardiac arrest Monday night near the end of a training camp leading up to the London Olympics.
"This document will continue to evolve," Cannon said. "No one document can cover every eventuality."
1. Grease and flour a tube pan. Do not preheat the oven.
And even if Sullivan were not convicted, he said, the possibility of civil commitment exists because the burden of proof is less in such proceedings.
Because of GOP opposition, Brown's proposal to extend the 2010 car tax rates has stalled. Unless the old rates are raised, motorists will save $1.5 billion a year when they buy cars or re-register their current vehicles.
For so many of the students, it was a personal matter, They all knew senior Jake Franzel, who died from bone cancer in January. The students witnessed the popular athlete's struggle with the disease.
Symantec's analysis of the Stuxnet code, O Murchu said, shows that nearly 60 percent of the computers infected are in Iran. An additional 18 percent are in Indonesia. Less than 2 percent are in the U.S.
Dumas, whose birthday was Saturday, was not wearing a seat belt, Morris said.
Smith's best finish this season is 15th at Las Vegas in March, and he's led only two laps, in the season-opening Daytona 500. He's got six finishes of 24th or worse, and an engine failure last weekend at Talladega led to a 40th-place finish.
Since there had been no previous accidents or major incidents involving metal fatigue in the middle part of the fuselage, Boeing maintenance procedures called only for airlines to perform a visual inspection.
"My dad is finally going to be able to walk me down the aisle," she said.
Tablet computers such as Apple Inc.'s iPad and some e-readers sport LCD displays, which can show color. But those are harder to see in sunlight and consume much more power than e-ink displays.
What did you think when you got this letter out of the blue? "Finally, someone remembers me?"
Expected to participate are Jaronn Jones and Dorian Dean from Miller Career Academy, Webster Groves' Kendal Shell, Parkway South center Tom Holaway, Fort Zumwalt South guard J.R. Alexander and center Kris Weinstock, Crossroads guard Randy Reed, Clayton guard Ahmad Smith, Bayless guard Enis Mehmedovic, Sumner forward Devion Tobias, Brentwood guard Andrew Erby and University City guard Prince Cody.
In Vernonia, city officials had braced for flooding and declared a state of emergency after a power outage and snow melt.
Avondale police are investigating a car-bicycle collision that injured a 12-year-old girl on Wednesday, officials said. On Thursday, she was upgraded from critical to stable condition, police said.
Now they are moving swiftly to put up the second outlet mall in the Los Angeles area (the Citadel Outlets project in Commerce was the first to be built).
Craig Arno, 45, of Atlantic City, and Jessica Kisby, 25, of Egg Harbor Township, are accused of kidnapping and killing Martin Caballero, 47, after he went to park his car in a casino garage at about 10:30 p.m. May 21, 2010.
He contends that cities uncomfortable with outsourcing their entire departments can outsource for specific services, such as parking patrols.
Triple jump: Jasmine Todd, Jr., Chandler, 41-5 (overall best, state record, Chandler Rotary), had state championships best at 40-8 1/2.
Sales were brisk at the Cox's Smokers Outlet stands at the track. Patrick Grantz, who was working at one booth, said someone had just bought five cigars for $36 apiece.
Somers acknowledged the disappearance of his witness played a role in the decision to offer the lesser deal.
After graduating, Russo won a city council seat in the suburb of Mayfiled Heights, where he served for six years.
Not only was Thursday the hottest May 3 on record, but it also followed a run of the wettest, hottest, least-snowy months over the last year and a half.
Oz went back on TV, this time to talk to ABC reporter Robin Roberts to clarify his position. He said that, of course, he had concerns about the diet and its extreme calorie restriction and had pointed that out on his show. "We had folks who had complications, too," as well as people who had good results, including a doctor, he said.
When you are searching for your passion you can't let it be limited by what others think you ought to do. There is no earthly reason that a black girl from Birmingham, Ala., would want to study Russian. And yet that's what really was fulfilling for me and what I was passionate about. And so I think that decision obviously was a very critical one.
A few years later, the FEC expanded that definition to cover an artist who wanted to create an art print to raise money for the campaign arm of Senate Democrats.
27. Thom Darden, S, 1972, 1/18, Michigan, 1972-81. The Browns' all-time interception leader with 45. Led the NFL with 10 in 1978. First-team all-pro twice. Bounced back strong from a knee injury that cost him the entire 1975 season.
Cataldo says she would like to accept credit for starting a couponing empire at the exact right time. But the truth is, her job as coupon queen was born of necessity.
Given the big rush, I understand their doubts.
Well, I, too, am such an idiot.
"All this rebuilding, it's making me get back to work. Believe me, it's not fun."
The Neville Brothers, "Fiyo on the Bayou" - The Nevilles are one of the royal musical families of New Orleans, and this 25-year-old album shows them at their funky best. If you can't find it, their newest, "Walkin' in the Shadow of Life," also is great fun.
"I wouldn't rule anything out," Mozeliak said.
"Sunga!" he cried, not bothering to wipe away the hot tears streaming from his eyes. "SUNGA! Daddy's here! Do you hear me? DADDY'S HERE!"
But I don't think the Blazers view Roy as part of the plan, and given that they're married to him, they seem intent on trying to do something dramatic. And maybe, foolish.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Children ages 8-18 whose parents are in the military are invited to attend a free summer camp in Mendocino through the Boys and Girls Clubs of San Francisco.
Initial interest in the pilot program is likely to be strong. Betting that the housing markets are bottoming out, hedge funds, private investors and even Omaha investment wizard Warren Buffett have expressed interest in snapping up distressed or foreclosed properties to rent out or sell to first-time buyers.
Warehouse sales may be common but not ones featuring only eco-friendly building materials. That's why the Natural Built Home sale (4020 Minnehaha Av. S., Mpls., 612-605-7999, www.naturalbuilt home.com) is worth a visit. Green materials are often more expensive than conventional ones, but you can save 25 to 80 percent from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday. Sale items include Marmoleum linoleum, bamboo flooring, tile from recycled glass or porcelain, countertop remnants, sinks, nontoxic paints (mistints) and kitchen cabinets. Most items are in small quantities, which works well for small projects. Two-foot-long countertops can work as end tables or shelves, while small amounts of tile can be used for backsplashes, accent pieces or tabletops.
Tiffany combines down-to-earth Midwestern sensibilities with the get-up-and-go of a world traveler.
Besides ending an odor that we were told was once a fact of daily life in Kunming, the efforts of Wang and her team are beginning to move water-quality measures, too. Remember the five-step scale -- the one with Dianchi literally off the charts?
Palmieri said Blue admitted to Elizabeth Edwards that she had flown Hunter to Los Angeles for a shopping trip during the argument in October of 2007.
"I didn't want to go home," said Paschal, who felt he might have gotten dehydrated doing the first event, the 50 freestyle. "I wanted to give it a shot. If I was going to lose at least I was going to give it a shot."
Head never changed her look over the decades. "She took her philosophy from Mae West," Claassen said. "Mae West said when you have a magic that does something for you, honey, stick with it. Never change it. And she never did."
Hossler is in third place in the most recent Golfweek Sagarin rankings with a 69.55 rating, which leaves him 0.02 behind second place.
Writing in the Southern Medical Journal, researchers said that even a moderate increase in the use of stairs could play a role in helping to solve the nation's weight problem. The lead author of the article is Dr. Ishak A. Mansi of Louisiana State University. His wife, Nardine Mansi, an architect, is a co-author. They point to several characteristics of stair design that discourage regular use.
Facebook unveiled plans Thursday to raise as much as $11.8 billion in the largest-ever Internet IPO. Executives including Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg and backers such as Digital Sky Technologies will sell a total of 157.4 million shares for as much as $35 apiece, according to a regulatory filing. None will unload their entire holding.
In a wrenching fundraising plea to a Tea Party supporters, GOP congressional candidate Samuel "Joe the Plumber" Wurzelbacher declares "the media has made it their number one mission to discredit my candidacy and annihilate my character."
Pour mixture over kale pieces and massage with your hands until sauce is well incorporated over kale.
"That's a good hands-inside approach," said Holliday, who ranks among Molina's influences as a hitter. "The guy hangs a breaking ball a little bit and (Molina) catches it out front with good spin instead of being early and topping it. He caught it and was able to pull it without hitting it on the ground. That comes from how well he's hitting the ball the other way on fastballs. He's in a really good rhythm where he keeps his hands inside the ball. He's pulling pitches for power. Last year and this year he's been a very good hitter."
2013 Ford Fusion: Launching later this year, the new Fusion combines the midsize sedan Ford has been selling in North America with the Mondeo it sells in Europe. The result is a more fuel-efficient car that several magazines called the production-car star of Detroit's show.
"The president punts on almost every tough decision," Corker said.
In addition, a chief financial officer and a program management director who will oversee much of the reorganization of city government will be hired.
That singular focus left Franco shifting uncomfortably in his seat when he watched the movie with audiences at the Telluride and Toronto film festivals. And not because the woman sitting behind him literally passed out during the scene when Ralston takes graphic, drastic measures to free himself.
Mourdock, in fact, questioned whether social media really helps campaigns, fearing that the audience on a candidate's Facebook page or Twitter account is really an echo chamber.
"Raising taxes on anyone, especially small businesses, is the wrong thing to do in a struggling economy," Boehner said. "On the issue of job killing tax hikes the American people are not going to accept anything less than the vote that they deserve."
Stifel executives have declined to comment on the firm's bid for Morgan Keegan, but Bloomberg News reported Wednesday that Stifel's most recent bid, made on Jan. 8, was $875 million in cash and stock.
Leary said there were seven or eight people hanging out at the apartment besides the two sisters. The two youngest boys charged in the case were not there, he added.
Indiana politicians have yet to take advantage of another tool Twitter provides: The memorable hashtag that can become a "trending topic," drawing in followers who otherwise might never have looked at a candidate's tweets.
And the winners are ... "Mad Men," "Modern Family" and "Mildred Pierce." What? The 63rd annual prime-time Emmy awards won't be handed out until Sunday, Sept. 18, so how can we have winners?
"I'm going to say, 'Go out to the Legion of Honor. That's our other museum. It's the most beautiful classical building you can imagine. We have something for everyone.''
We blew right past these places. The Cruiser Phil philosophy is to get down the hill before eating a full breakfast. By 9 a.m., we'd dropped down to about 1,600 feet above sea level, and the artsy outskirts of Makawao, where our guides waved us over and loaded our bikes into the trailer.
In 2008, Dever told a reporter that he was not sure why his name appeared in a subpoena related to the county corruption investigation but that he once accepted a campaign contribution from Kleem while he was a Lakewood councilman.
The hybrid has been designed and engineered in the U.S. and will be built here, he said. That description matches that of the redesigned Avalon full-size sedan, but Carter told reporters they would have to wait and see whether the hybrid is a version of the Avalon.
A: People are correct that most beer is not meant to be aged, if you assume most beer is like light American lager. That style is meant to be enjoyed fresh, ideally on draft, and served very cold. However, many beer styles are bigger ales (8 percent alcohol by volume). These often benefit from age, where the flavors can marry and continue to develop. Barleywines, wheat wines, old ales, imperial IPA's, reds, stouts, porters . . . I could go on and on and often do! These beers are gems to be purchased two bottles at a time. This gives you a chance to taste one right away and then again in the future to tangibly note how it changes, often improving and developing. Bottle-conditioned beers (yeast still present and active) are beers to look for and cellar at cooler temperatures, too.
County Attorney Jonathan Hodgson said earlier Monday that the council has no authority to suspend the chief.
Those were the words coming out of the mouth of the guy who just lost the game, an absolutely thrilling 87-86 overtime loss to Kansas that was a near identical twin to the splendid hoop war three weeks ago in Columbia that the Tigers won. These games had drama and competitive import. The final two installments of MU-KU for the foreseeable future highlighted everything that is rich and fabulous and unique about the game of college basketball, and they ought to be cherished like precious jewels.
At Kona Grill the bathroom sinks are the main attractions.
Reed was also a member of the Columbia chapter of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity, succeeding pioneer sportscaster Roone Arledge as its president. He considered a career in journalism but eventually enrolled in Yale's law school.
Best Revival of a Musical: "Evita," ''Follies," ''The Gershwins' Porgy and Bess," ''Jesus Christ Superstar."
I was one of the service chiefs when the "don't ask, don't tell" compromise was reached in 1993. Until then, every person entering the military was asked questions directed at establishing sexual orientation, and admitted homosexuals were automatically rejected. Thus the "don't ask" part of the rule actually means gays no longer have to lie.
Shortly after the Zakynthos mayor, Mr. Bozikis, took office at the beginning of 2011, an adviser, Timotheos Zontos, acquired a list of those receiving blindness benefits. Recognizing some names, he said he knew something was amiss when he saw a taxi driver and a bird hunter. "You can tell if someone is blind," Mr. Zontos said.
In Beijing, the hosts needed to beat Ulsan to stay alive but trailed 2-0 after just 20 minutes. Go Seul-ki put the Koreans ahead in the 17th and Kim Seung-yong doubled the lead in the 20th.
count.
In Australia, Prime Minister Julia Gillard said she won't be following Obama's lead in supporting gay marriage.
SETH: He's still in remission, though.
When shoppers buy locally and businesses in turn spend locally, she said, the money "recirculates and really penetrates. If you target those local mom-and-pops, it really does make a bigger difference that you may not see today, but long term, it benefits everybody."
Perello also offers a young, fresh perspective on cooking, but at times she seems a bit overwhelmed adjusting to the larger, more crowded dining room. We left feeling slightly disappointed, and the next morning, as I opened the package of sweet treats, chocolates, gelees and chocolate covered nuts, it was difficult to recall a single dish that stood out.
The game allowed Aldridge to present checks totaling $100,000 to four charities. He said it was a challenge to organize the event, and he was grateful to the other players for flying in to play.
Fleming's gives its mac and cheese that southwestern jolt with the addition of chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, pureed and mixed with smoked Cheddar, Cheddar, Monterrey Jack, leeks and cream, then poured over cavatappi, or corkscrew, pasta. $8.
Twenty-one other people were taken into custody Friday night at celebrations for the Mexican holiday that typically attracts large crowds to San Jose, Garcia said.
Jo-Ann had no outstanding debt at the end of the third quarter ended Oct. 30. Cash totaled $112.4 million, $14.7 million more than a year earlier, the company said Dec. 1.
Walsh said the state wants to make sure legalized marijuana follows a medical program.
She loved Hawaii, traveling, and reading, but most of all she loved living near the ocean and Pacifica was a perfect choice to raise a family and be a part of the community. She will be remembered for her determination and strength and love of life and God.
Tom Metzen wasn't sure he'd see Scott Stevens walk again after that night last July. As he watched a medical helicopter land on the Canterbury Park turf course, ready to rush the badly injured jockey to the hospital, Metzen felt certain he would never see his friend ride again.
Stanford coach David Shaw prefers to close practices to protect strategic information from leaking.
"It comes down to weighing the positives and downsides to these medications," said Dr. Ken Uchino, a neurologist at the Cleveland Clinic and co-author on the study that identified an increased heart attack risk among patients who took Pradaxa.
I contacted American Airlines on your behalf. It responded lightning fast -- in fact, I've never seen an airline react so quickly -- and refunded your wife's ticket. A representative phoned you and apologized, adding that this was the first time the company had heard of your request.
CUFI has become the largest pro-Israel organization in the country, spanning all fifty states. Each July, many thousands of pro-Israel Christians gather in Washington D.C. to voice strong support for the State of Israel. Further, CUFI organizes a bi-annual summit in Jerusalem, bringing thousands of Christians from all corners of the globe to demonstrate solidarity with Israel.
Her friends, some sporting straw cowboy hats, wore blue T-shirts with the word "bridesmaid" on them. The group avoided the cost of a hotel by staying with a friend.
"It's perfect to see it -- especially on the Fourth of July," he said.
609 Angenette Av, $138,500
In Denver today the high temperature will top out at about 52 degrees. Skies will be cloudy, and rain and drizzle will fall throughout the metro area through the morning.
Grendell did not respond to a message seeking comment on Friday. Ohio GOP spokesman John McClelland said the party would have no further comment.
Like many successful restaurants -- especially in these times -- Higgins is several restaurants. It's upscale at dinner, when diners seek the right Oregon pinot gris to match a citrus and horseradish-crusted Alaskan halibut. Things are looser at lunch, when waves from City Hall and Portland State University roll in for the esteemed hamburger. Of course, being Higgins, it's called not "hamburger" but "grilled seasoned ground sirloin on a toasted house-made bun."
The schnitzels, sausages and on-tap suds keep people coming back to this good-time, Deutschland outpost.
Tell this to Faulk and he gives you an approving nod. What does it mean to hear people say you're the smartest football player they know, he is asked. "Well, first of all, it's a great thing to have said about you," he says. "Of all the things that can be said about me playing sports, whether he's fast, he's shifty, he's elusive, to have them say, 'He's smart,' that is quite a compliment.
Not his son.
The Labor Department's weekly report Thursday showed 380,000 new filings for jobless benefits last week, up 13,000 from the prior week. Most analysts were looking for a decline.
"American Idol": Tune in to see which female contestant gets voted off this week! (Those "Idol" voters do seem to have a thing for cute guys.) (8 p.m., Fox/12)
Another change is that the state budget cuts reduce funds available for those on limited incomes.
The Answer: Can they fire him? Yes, they can.
Question is, will you be able to get a table? Well, maybe not this weekend, now that the word's out, but "things have settled nicely, from both the customer and restaurant's standpoints," Harlan said. "The waits for tables have slimmed down."
Francine Katz is a very attractive woman. She is brainy, too. I knew she was intelligent even before I met her. She used to be vice president of communications for Anheuser-Busch, and she was the first woman to sit on the company's strategy committee. You don't reach those heights without some smarts.
And those public charging stations -- the plug-in infrastructure that will help wary consumers overcome the dreaded "range anxiety"?
Afghan and Western officials said insurgents were aware of how easy it was to blend in with the crush of daily traffic in and out of the city.
"There is the danger of newness being lost," he acknowledged.
In addition to investigating Meyer and Wooldridge, Goldsmith was asked to look into Meyer's complaint against Niswender. The full results of the investigation have not been made public, but Meyer received a memo from Lottery Human Resources Manager Sharon Tietsort summarizing them.
Almost immediately, the vote was challenged by those unhappy with the results. Absentee ballots were lost in the mail, some parishioners said. Others claimed they were turned away on the day of the vote. Why? They weren't on the membership rolls.
Skin is sanded down using salt or a rotating brush. Or a chemical peel is employed. Scarring is likely.
and the Burton Exhibit Group
In 2009, Rice led the Ravens with 1,339 yards on 254 attempts and 78 catches for 702 yards. He was one of two NFL players (along with Tennessee's Chris Johnson) to accumulate 2,000 yards from scrimmage, finishing second in the league with 127.6 net yards per game. Since last season, Rice's 121.6 scrimmage yards per game rank second in the NFL. He's averaging 114.8 this year, including 130.3 over his past 10 games.
"I don't know if people realize how difficult it is," said Amalie Whorton, who lives in the Brooklyn neighborhood with her son, Darby, who's almost 2. "Sometimes you really need to be close to your home; it is such an ordeal to make a trek to downtown unless you live there. We need water features in our little local parks."
* At the school board's meeting Thursday evening, the board approved the plan to close the elementary school buildings. The story has been changed to reflect the decision.
"This breaks my heart, as you can imagine, not only for Joey, and our quest to fulfill this dream, but because of the support of everyone behind me. I'm so very sorry on the timing of this, I know we all are. But, there will be another day, another event -- and Joey, most importantly, will be okay!" Schmolze wrote.
Roman and a half dozen prominent lawyers at the head banquet table punctuated the end of her speech by plopping on white hard hats to signify the work ahead.
Graddy wrestled in an era when black wrestlers were rare. That's no longer true, and three of arguably the greatest wrestlers in state history are black -- Douglas, world champion Lee Kemp of Chardon and two-time world bronze medalist Harry Lester of Akron.
The first semifinal between No. 5 Bourgade and No. 1 Payson started out as a battle between talented, accurate pitchers.
Breakfast 7-10:30 a.m. Monday-Friday, brunch 11 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday-Sunday; lunch 11:30 a.m.-4 p.m. daily; dinner 5:15 p.m.-midnight nightly. Full bar. Reservations and credit cards accepted.
"I've seen people tend to think that overweight people aren't the smartest," Jake said. "Don't generalize. Don't judge a kid by their size."
Ducks coach Chip Kelly notched his first road victory against a top-15 opponent in five tries, and Oregon snapped Stanford's 17-game winning streak.
Asked specifically about the risks posed by Aldyl-A, how often it failed and for data it provided to the industry-government confidential database, PG&E's Swanson said only that the company learned of "issues regarding Aldyl-A" by working with industry trade groups, the plastic pipe-database panel as well as reviewing federal safety advisories, talking to DuPont, consulting industry experts and "through our own operating experience."
"Violence does not build up the kingdom of God, the kingdom of humanity," Benedict writes. "On the contrary, it is a favorite instrument of the Antichrist, however idealistic its religious motivation may be. It serves not humanity, but inhumanity."
TransCanada wants to move forward with the reapplication so it gives the State Department enough time to make a decision by the first quarter of 2013, so the pipeline's schedule won't be pushed back further.
"We've got to bring them together," Sue Keil, Portland's Bureau of Transportation director, said of the two designs.
The pleas are part of an ongoing investigation that is the largest ever in the Justice Department antitrust division. Sharis Pozen, the division's acting head, told reporters in a briefing that "pernicious cartel conduct" in the auto parts industry has harmed car buyers and auto manufacturing businesses nationwide. "The numbers that we are talking about here are astronomical," she said.
Jeff Tittel, New Jersey Sierra Club director, said instead of spending tax dollars on legal fees, Christie should settle the dispute by getting the FTA credit the funds for the extension of the No. 7 subway train to New Jersey recently proposed by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg. "With the money Patton Boggs charges, it might be cheaper to build the tunnel," Tittel said.
"Prosecutors have the ability to get a warrant very quickly if they have probable cause," Stevenson said.
Austin had finished 5 1/2 games in front of second-place Rochester during the regular season. This put the Packers at home on Sept. 1 for the first game of a best-of-five series.
"We're supposed to be one of the universities to follow after, someone to look up to," said sophomore Brian Prewitt of Poughkeepsie, N.Y. "Now that people on the top are involved, it's going to be bad."
She also recalled being contacted by the White House when then-President George W. Bush sought her permission to tell Sebban's story in his weekly radio address.
Macquarie Securities analyst Ben Schachter said the handling of Bartz's departure was unseemly and a sign of even more drama to come at Yahoo.
In that first book, Caro discovered the bottomless ambition that drove Johnson's quest for power, captured in a comment by one of LBJ's grade-school classmates in a tiny Texas Hill Country school. It was recess when:
Miller has value as a punt and kickoff returner. In 11 games with Oakland in 2010 and this season, he has returned 37 punts for a 7.5-yard average, six kickoffs for an average of 16.3 yards, and caught three passes for 40 yards.
Splash of maraschino liquor
3. Pour filling over crust. Return to the oven for 19 to 20 minutes or until set. Sprinkle with powdered sugar. Let cool completely before cutting into bars and serving.
Looking out for taxpayers
The increases would lead to diminishing returns, said Paul Spadaro of Severna Park, president of the Magothy River Association and owner of three boats ranging from 19 feet to 36 feet. Marylanders would own fewer vessels, and marine businesses would take a hit: fewer boat sales, fewer slip rentals, less maintenance and repair work and a need for fewer boat furnishings, he said.
I feel guilty for sending cards with no more than a few scribbled lines to far-away family members. How can I cut that important corner and face my mirror?
The Warriors doubled Rose off most pick-and-roll sets and usually had the other three defenders ready to help. The scheme left Carlos Boozer open for some of his 21 points and gave Luol Deng a chance to score 18, but Rose, the Bulls' conductor, was completely out of tune.
If you can resist the often heavenly temptations that abound on the dinner menu, a couple could feast handsomely on just that soup and the Cozze con Gremolata, steamed mussels topped with a grating of lemon zest and herbs ($14). Plump shellfish in succulently briny, vaguely buttery broth demanded plenty of bread for sopping.
Abdo purchased gunpowder, three boxes of shotgun shells and a magazine for a semiautomatic weapon from Guns Galore, a retail store in Killeen that serves "all hunting, recreational and gun collectors' needs," said employee Greg Ebert, a retired Killeen police officer.
The state's Republican-controlled Legislature recently passed a bill that will independently audit the state's managed-care companies. It's a good step, but the audits won't begin until 2014. That's a long time to wait for independent answers about whether the state has systematically overpaid plans and whether the recently announced $73 million in givebacks by Minnesota's big plans is sufficient.
The "plan" for holding Lake Oswego's West End Building is not working. The day of reckoning has come -- the bank is unwilling to roll over the interest-only loan and now the city must start paying interest and principal. It is time for Plan S -- sell!
The Christie administration says the cuts, though painful, were needed to balance the budget.
"We have to dig in and be really strong in Game 4," said Red Wings star defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom, who might retire after the season.
"He was side-splittingly funny, a very gentle and loving father-in-law," Beth Morgan said. "He was very humble about having such a successful career."
Paul Slade Smith makes Dr. Dillamond touching as a horned professor soon to become a target. The rules are changing in Oz, and magical animals are no longer appreciated.
The menus for May, posted on Oakland Unified's website, feature chicken tikka masala and a southwest chicken bowl, along with more traditional cafeteria fare: fish sticks and turkey burgers.
Both killings were cases of mistaken identity.
For a trip in July, we used the excuse of my 50th birthday to share our latest find with 14 other families: Camp Mokule'ia, a refreshingly low-cost and family-friendly retreat on Oahu's northwest tip, just a few miles from where I grew up.
Key to whether consumers will spend more to buy fuel-efficient cars and trucks is the price of gasoline, she said. When gas was $4 a gallon two years ago, consumers were lining up for those models; as the price of gas declined, consumer interest waned.
At the top of the staircase to the second floor, there's a mini-library with built-in bookshelves and a playroom for their two children, as well as three bedrooms and two bathrooms, all sized to keep the home under 2,500 square feet.
Along the strip, rumors gallop faster than hot dice scatters on a summer night in July.
With four peaks crisscrossed with trails, nearly half of them designated beginner and intermediate level and groomed nightly, it's still great for families. But with a chairlift that now carries skiers to the top of Peak 8, where nothing but chutes and bone-chilling bowls await, it appeals to gonzo skiers, too.
Vander Meer pitched consecutive no-hitters in 1938 for the Cincinnati Reds. Fans can watch Humber attempt the impossible at special $9 and $27 ticket pricing for tickets. Cooper is expecting something more reasonable but has high expectations for the 29-year-old right-hander.
She saw street soccer as something more than athletics. It is a movement about helping people get off the street.
Ms. Rabinowitz is a member of the Journal's editorial board.
The Occupy movement and local business leaders squared off at a City Hall hearing Wednesday over a controversial measure to ban overnight activity in Minneapolis' public plazas.
Just when it looked as if the Portland Timbers and San Jose Earthquakes would decide their U.S. Open Cup play-in game with penalty kicks, the Portland defense broke down.
But discerning literary symbolism or mastering the Krebs cycle isn't always important to students; they're looking at the endgame: college.
Natomas originally was swamp and overflow land, said Karen Wilson, whose book, "A Century of Protecting Natomas: The History of Reclamation District 1,000" was published in October. In 1909, Wilson said, V.S. and C.K. McClatchy, Peter Shields and Alden Anderson helped form the reclamation project that eventually enabled farmers to work the land. From World War I to the Depression, farmers grew beans and alfalfa.
4560 SE Oakhurst St; 2,717 square feet; on 3/11/2011 for $246,500
Speaking at a 9:30 p.m. Thursday news conference forced indoors by chants and a crowd that surged onto the Capitol steps, State Patrol Chief James Wolfinbarger said that troopers could take action including issuing citations or making arrests between 11 p.m. Thursday and 5 a.m. Friday.
1 cup frozen peas
BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: O'Fallon Tri-County Chapter, 7-8:30 a.m. Jan. 26, Missouri Bluffs Golf Course, 18 Research Park Circle, St. Charles. For more information, contact Joe Bourque at 636-299-6238.
In 2010, the Cayman Islands rejected the arrival of an Atlantis gay cruise amid protests from religious groups even though homosexuality is legal on the archipelago.
HOUSTON -- Houston Astros leadoff hitter Jordan Schafer steps into the batter's box with one goal in mind.
BAA, the airport's operator, said Friday 12-hour delays for arriving passengers are likely because the Nov. 30 strike will hit the U.K. Border Agency's ability to support normal operations.
If they make it to the Great Lakes, experts say the carp could overwhelm the tributaries of the lakes, the rivers and streams where favorite game fish -- walleye, salmon and trout -- now spawn.
Watch for overexertion: Stress on a hot day or overexposure to the sun often can come on quickly. Drink plenty of liquids such as water and slow down if needed. Before running, you should stretch and warm up.
According to the police report:
Sergeant Anthony DeCarlo - Rahway Police Department
Arizona education and policy leaders say there is a growing consensus that targeting the lowest performers is the only way Arizona can boost its academic record and reputation.
The last-minute purchases by Galleon founder Raj Rajaratnam on that day, Sept. 23, 2008, are expected to be a focus of the insider-trading trial of former Goldman director Rajat Gupta, who is accused of leaking news of the still-secret investment to Mr. Rajaratnam in a phone call just before the market closed.
Pink dresses were the wardrobe item du jour, with quite a few ladies choosing to accent their frocks with blush-colored boas and beads. Partygoers sipped pink grapefruit cocktails while snacking on maki rolls and mini-sandwiches.
Still, Friday's announcement suggested that events could be moving faster than AMR had expected since US Airways turned up the pressure for merger talks.
What this plan will do is to make the insurance you have work better for you. Under this plan, it will be against the law for insurance companies to deny you coverage because of a pre-existing condition. As soon as I sign this bill, it will be against the law for insurance companies to drop your coverage when you get sick or water it down when you need it most. They will no longer be able to place some arbitrary cap on the amount of coverage you can receive in a given year or a lifetime. We will place a limit on how much you can be charged for out-of-pocket expenses, because in the United States of America, no one should go broke because they get sick. And insurance companies will be required to cover, with no extra charge, routine checkups and preventive care, like mammograms and colonoscopies - because there's no reason we shouldn't be catching diseases like breast cancer and colon cancer before they get worse. That makes sense, it saves money, and it saves lives.
"These women have the option to work on loving themselves," Dwyer said.
Takacs will celebrate the release of his illuminating 11-disc set with a recital of music by Ludwig van You-Know-Who on Thursday in the conservatory's Warner Concert Hall. As a bonus, he'll play Beethoven's "Emperor" Concerto with the Oberlin Chamber Orchestra on Thursday, Oct. 6 at Finney Chapel.
At the end of the day it's that part of the bar's history that isn't going anywhere.
James Zogby
Brown: I would say making hires that just weren't the right fit. Sometimes you like the people and you want them to work, but it is not the right fit. The lesson learned is to admit it. And move on. That is hard to swallow.
Banas said Cornett told the investigators that the man honked at him repeatedly as he walked through the parking lot, then got out of his car and started the confrontation.
University officials said Garcia did not plan to make any further public statement, only noting that the search for the team's next coach would begin immediately.
Handel and Komen's executive leaders decided that disassociating themselves from Planned Parenthood was vital in order to maintain their ability to continue the foundation's mission of curing and eradicating breast cancer.
Officials said Russian player Alexander Galimov survived the crash along with a crewmember.
Chase Blackburn, who was signed midway through last season and had a key interception in the Super Bowl, will return to the Giants.
Since the program's launch in 2009, it has collected more than 8,500 pounds of drugs. "It's such a small thing to do," Angel said. "If we don't come up with a good disposal system, we are going to have a critical issue with our water."
"You sort of dance around the issue," Giannetti said.
State officials in Michigan and Washington have banned the sale of the 23.5-ounce drink, which contains 12 percent alcohol and 135 milligrams of caffeine.
Speculation about who will replace Leonard, the only elected official in city government who lives east of 82nd Avenue, begins today. Names that have been raised for a seat on the council include former U.S. Senate candidate Steve Novick, though he declined Monday to say whether he plans to run; Oregon Rep. Mary Nolan; and Shelli Romero, a public policy coordinator for the Oregon Department of Transportation.
The writer goes on to state that "Englewood is a Chicago neighborhood, not the Wild West." For the law-abiding citizens of Englewood, the "Wild West" would be a welcome change.
Current mold counts are moderate, he said.
The $50 million capping system package - along with an assortment of tools that were designed to go along with it - was completed in August. BP gave reporters a glimpse on Thursday, before planned maintenance and testing.
Abbington (6-4, 210), a running back and safety, picked Missouri last month over offers from Arizona State, Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Iowa State, Kansas State, Michigan State, Nebraska and UCLA.
The Zac Efron vehicle "The Lucky One," a romantic drama based on a novel by Nicholas Sparks, earned $11.3 million in its second weekend in theaters. Released by Time Warner Inc.'s
But he warned future leaders to be mindful of the potential pitfalls of their budget cuts.
Actually, it is not. For starters, it is a phony interpretation of the 1970s disabilities law that was never intended to be an affirmative action measure, some note. The Labor Department replies that the quota isn't affirmative action, which is akin to saying a nose punch is not a nose punch, just cosmetic surgery.
Trailing 38-30 at the half, Arapahoe, which trailed twice by 11 points early in the third quarter, gradually came back behind Jensen and Kocur. The Warriors, who began to sit on Adams as well as keep Calvert in check, got within 48-44 entering the fourth quarter.
In the meantime, gawk at the menu for Hakkasan New York, which includes $38 scallops, $345 Peking duck, and $888 abalone. That last one is served with caviar.
We reach our potential in life by finding freedom from the limiting beliefs of our past.
Rigler 1.94
Broken bones are a more serious injury that can result from many of the same types of mishaps that cause sprains and strains.
Thietje's suit says he's an unsophisticated investor who learned of the currency strategy through Kiley's radio show in September 2005. Kiley and Cook recommended that he cash out his stocks and put his money in currency investments, which would be segregated and "safer than if they were in a bank," the suit says. Thietje (pronounced "TJ") claimed losses exceeding $367,000.
Activists planning to protest this month's NATO Summit say the U.S. Secret Service's security plan leaves authorities room to put in place even heavier restrictions at the last moment.
Deputies had walked a police dog through the area about half an hour before the officers arrived with Lane.
"While one could say it's a tax increase, I call it a tax adjustment," Goddard said.
More than one in four expressed support for the conservative Tea Party movement, which has helped litter the electoral landscape with defeated incumbents in several states. While significant minorities of tea party supporters are critical of the GOP, the poll found they are far likelier to vote in November than other people; 85 percent plan to support their House Republican candidate.
Forget DNA. The frail-looking man in the shabby parka and baseball cap, one of the most wanted men in the world, was undoubtedly Ratko Mladic, the Serb general indicted for war crimes during the Bosnian War (1992-95) -- including the siege of Sarajevo and the massacre of some 8,000 Muslim men and boys in eastern Bosnia in July 1995.
The candidates are Sheri Glantz, Audrey Mack, and Nancy Leve Goldstein.
"It's all luck," he said, laughing.
ENERGY STAR: Rated products meet the energy-efficiency guidelines specified by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Department of Energy.
The mayor voiced anger at state legislators who abolished redevelopment agencies statewide.
The city is continuing its fight, though. On Monday, several Sacramento legislators introduced a bill in the state senate that would bar sports teams from moving until they take care of debts in their existing city. The Maloofs owe Sacramento $77 million, a bill they might be hard-pressed to settle because Power Balance Pavilion, which they own, would plummet in value if the venue does not have an NBA tenant.
My compliments to the educational techniques of the Jesuits.
"We need to play to win," Ambrose told delegates. "We must win."
Even then, Reyes was versatile. Robie could use him off the edge. He could use him in coverage. Reyes also was only a two-star recruit. Yep, a two-star recruit who went in the second round of the NFL draft. Remember that, folks.
A great resource for gardeners, the Bugs and Insects app helps find the fiends feasting on your harvest with a database of more than 900 pests. The 99-cent app allows you to create a lineup of culprits to watch out for.
"These were working class people of modest means who invested their entire life savings," he said of the victims. "Most of them were retired and didn't have much chance to recover."
Each scent is designed for one aspect of a woman's personality. For example, Big Pony #1 is supposed to be a sporty scent (citrus and floral); Big Pony #2 a sensual scent (cranberry); Big Pony #3 a scent for free spirits (crisp pear and mimosa), and Big Pony #4 is supposed to be for a woman's stylish side (Asian floral).
Another co-worker said he and Parera had taken a previous trip to Atlantic City. Parera said during the trip that he owned a gun and boasted about his success with women, the co-worker said.
It's far too early to conclude from test scores whether Slay's handpicked charter schools are performing any better than traditional schools in the city - especially because most of the new charters are less than 2 years old.
Where do you start? The 11-page Japanese menu, which included the largest list of sushi dishes I have ever seen? A seven-page Malaysian menu, the first I had ever seen? I settled on the less-imposing two-page bar menu and a sake list that offered more varieties of Japanese rice wine than the combined count of Bordeaux and chardonnay at most French restaurants.
The contract issued to a special-purpose subsidiary of Siemens was suspended and then canceled after a change in Argentine political administrations, the indictment said.
Urdangarin allegedly received (EURO)6 million ($7.9 million) in public money from 2004 to 2006 from regional governments in Mallorca and Valencia for arranging conferences through a nonprofit foundation he ran with a partner, then funneled it to for-profit companies they controlled.
Christian Ballesteros, who has been at a shelter for immigrants in Matamoros, Mexico, across the border from Brownsville, Texas, pointed to stiffer U.S. penalties for repeat offenders as well as brutal criminal groups that control the Mexican side of the border as reasons for the immigration decline. Ballesteros, who has been deported four times, was recently caught after hopping the border fence near Nogales, Ariz.
University of Michigan Arts Chorale: Featuring conductor Arian Khaefi. Performing works by Rardin, Dawson, Schuman, Knystedt, Hopkins, Brahms and Averitt, 8 p.m. Thu. Hill Auditorium, 825 N. University, Ann Arbor. 734-764-2538. Free.
Like
l
"ought to be very concerned, especially in an election year, when the politicians are telling them they know what's best for them from an economic standpoint."
There are more important issues facing Portland today, he said, such as the city budget.
"A lot of times people don't want to stay in jail and will claim to be sick," he said. "We depend on medical officials to tell us they're OK."
Brownies = **** (pretty good)
Both new orders and order backlogs rose to nine-month highs. Increasing order backlogs suggest manufacturers are lacking the capacity to meet demand. That could mean more growth in production and employment in the near future, economists said.
Wilkinson was the first witness called in the second day of a student transfer case that could have broad implications for those in and near unaccredited districts in Missouri.
Timberland 38, Fort Zumwalt North 26
Manning has had a few of those: the rushing touchdown he had in the monsoon-like conditions in the win over the Dolphins in London; that horrid, four-interception game against the Vikings, the four-touchdown performance in the Super Bowl preview game against the Patriots on the final week of the regular season.
They'd pool resources, bringing work already produced in Boise to PlayhouseSquare -- "which will save us a ton of money in Cleveland," he concluded. Fee and his team imported three shows in the 2002-2003 season: "Much Ado About Nothing," "Arms and the Man," and a psychedelic version of "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
Hiking trails, campgrounds, and back roads may flood, and rising rivers and streams will become hazardous for rafters, kayakers, and anglers, the agency said.
Ron Jones said that with a family of his own to take care of, he couldn't take care of Chris.
Pay: Press operators start at around $9.
According to Hillsboro police Lt. Michael Rouches, a 2006 Honda Civic driven by Janet Varner, 32, of Hillsboro, was driving northbound near the 400 block of Southeast 32nd Avenue about 1:15 p.m. when the woman crossed the street east to west mid-block.
Plan your shopping trip right, and you could save a bundle on major household items that you were going to buy anyway. Face it: Nobody's going to give you that expensive stuff for Christmas. So you might as well buy it for yourself while it's on sale.
Van Gundy wants to return for more and fulfill his contract next season, but Vegas won't even take bets.
"If you chopped (him) into little pieces, you could sell him as Valium tablets," she once told an interviewer.
American Babies, Humble Home, the Luxuries 8:30 p.m. Thursday. (tavern). $8-$10.
Conrads, who graduated from OSU in 1972 with an industrial engineering degree, founded Classmates.com in 1995 and left The Boeing Company. Classmates.com become one of the 15 most heavily trafficked Websites in the United States during the first decade of Internet commercialization. Conrads sold Classmates.com in 2004 and launched RedWeek.com - a site which connects travelers within the timeshare community.
This was, to McCain's credit, the weakness about which he appears to have been most concerned in the days leading up to Palin's anointment.
At Target and Walmart, shoppers are concentrating on groceries and skipping little luxuries. BJ's Wholesale Corp. said Wednesday that customers are buying more hamburger and chicken and less steak and buying smaller packs to save money.
"The center," said Housing Authority spokeswoman Rose Marie Dennis, "will make people proud to call Rosa Parks their home."
Effective Friday, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey will post the salaries of all 6,777 employees on its website.
Three different money people, including former volunteer treasurer C.J. Garbo, have come and gone at Maes' headquarters since the Evergreen businessman capitalized on Tea Party support and the implosion of the GOP front-runner to win the August Republican primary.
Post 83, Jrs 12, Warrior Baseball 4
"It's exciting just knowing that he's on the opposite side of me, one of the best receivers in the game," said Floyd, who was the highest drafted Irish player since Bryant Young went seventh overall in 1994. "I'll be able to learn from one of the best. He's a good mentor."
To make matters worse, on the drive home to Arizona, his right hip, which took the brunt of the fall, started bothering him. His doctor told him it was dislocated. "He said it can't happen again, or I'll need hip replacement surgery," Blanchard said.
The two biggest prizes that sit toward the end of the year hold striking similarities for Witzig.
Asked about other potential cuts, Reinhardt says, "we'll look at everything." During the winter levy campaign, Thompson emphasized the need for further reductions at the administrative level.
Or don't.
Rather, we're pleased to see this ordinary bonding bill emerge at all from the partisan minefield that confronted it this year. It is the product of extraordinary lawmaking, particularly by four legislators -- GOP Sen. David Senjem and Rep. Larry Howes, and DFL Sen. Keith Langseth and Rep. Alice Hausman. Without their cool-headed, persistent and persuasive leadership, this even-year "bonding session" might have left its main mission unaccomplished.
The West took an 88-69 lead into halftime before the East at least tried to make a run. It can thank Rose for that. In a two-minute span, he scored 10 points to cut a 15-point deficit to 10.
"That would be a good indication that she at least is able to express herself," Williams said.
-- "Majerus might need less talent to win than any other coach in the country. I'm being presumptuous but perhaps the way things have unfolded this season is exactly how Rick Majerus wants it, because he has the opportunity to prove exactly that. On Friday, he'll take a team whose third-best player is some dude named Cody Ellis against a team (Memphis) whose third-best player is Tarik Black, a projected future NBA first-round pick. If his team wins, Majerus can show the world yet again that he doesn't need five-star talent to win, and if his team loses, that's exactly what you'd expect of a team whose third-best player is Cody Ellis. Either way, it makes Friday's game the most compelling game of the round of 64."
DK: We have asked your office to give us some sort of an indication of all of the things that happen in this office that go into these ideas, and what we have is essentially nothing.
WHAT: The Jill-e small leather camera bag (www.jill-e.com) is weatherproof with leather croc trim exterior. It holds one camera body, one flash and lenses. A little less than 4 pounds, it is 14 inches long, 7 inches wide and 8 inches tall.
Clinical evidence of L-carnitine's effects on the heart and vascular system has been emerging from a number of small but provocative studies over the last few decades, many of them conducted in Europe, particularly Italy.
Pretty steady: Manager Robin Ventura, so far, has been a steadying influence, right down to keeping the lineup pretty much the same on a daily basis.
Noebels jumped into the play late, changing places with Taylor Peters on the fly, and said the Americans may not have been aware that he was lurking at the top of the right circle when Sven Bartschi passed him the puck.
Dented defense:
"(There are) all the factors that came together for the ship to be right there, then, to hit that iceberg. All the stories of the passengers who ended up on the ship," said Edwards, a 62-year-old retiree from Silver Spring, Md. "It's just a microcosm of social history, personal histories, nautical histories."
When I was 15, he gave me a little devil stuffed animal for our first Valentine's Day that held a sign saying "I love you." That little monster is still in our bedroom. I'm gooshy like that.
Thanks to a lot of hard work, Huch has returned to volleyball a lot sooner than his doctor thought he would. He played for the first time this year in the second game of a match with Eureka Apr. 19.
Emily VanCourt and Sean Mark were married Oct. 1, 2011, in Oahu, Hawaii. The Rev. Jack Ryan and Kahu Bruce Ah Leong officiated.
The owners have a challenge ahead of them. Once the main room is completely finished, they'll start working on transforming the upstairs area into sleek lounge that serves food. Somewhere down the line, they'll utilize the basement as office space and a party area.
"People in Oregon love the Ducks and Beavers, and they like that age group of athletes that aren't being paid and are trying to do the best they can with their skills to get to the next level," Piper said. "When you look at all the players we have going to the NHL, people start to realize that this is a higher level of hockey than they may have once thought."
News that the Vatican overturned the closing of 13 Northeast Ohio churches was released this afternoon by an attorney advocate who worked with churches that were closed in Cleveland and other cities. Endangered Catholics, a group consisting of parishioners from many of the shuttered churches, scheduled a press conference for tomorrow afternoon to discuss the decision, which some called unprecedented.
Miller said Starbucks' lease extends to Jan. 1, 2013.
Physical theater
"You Don't Know Like I Know," written by Isaac Hayes and David Porter, is one of the signature songs of Sam and Dave, the R&B duo act that had a huge influence on both the Jukes and the E Street Band. The song was also Sam Moore and Dave Prater's first hit, rising to the Top 10 of Billboard's R&B chart in 1965.
1990: Alabama 71, CSU 54
A year later, the group changed its name to the Impressions, and in 1958 the Impressions had a hit with "For Your Precious Love."
"They all want to be minor league and major league baseball players so as long as they keep up with their studies, life is good," Horton said.
Police and the FBI are investigating the incident.
The state's role in the outcome of the battle was ironic, given that Army engineers from Connecticut were largely responsible for the fort's construction.
That's not to intimate, in any way, that Griffin isn't capable of doing what Cam Newton or Andy Dalton did, or that he will come up short in that area in the NFL. Newton came from a spread offense and flourished in the league, even without a normal offseason. But in Luck, the Colts are getting the most mentally advanced college quarterback in decades.
David Perron breaks in and beat Richard Bachman with a nasty wrist shot for his second goal of the game and his 22nd of the season. Perron's previous career best was 20 goals. He has 22 goals in 56 games after a 14-month layoff for concussion problems. Amazing.
"When a home is layered with detail and interest," Vidosh said, "it makes it feel more charming."
"The business case for natural gas is compelling," he said. "And there is a fair amount of interest from financial people. We should be in construction by 2012."
The indictment charged Johnson with possession of weapons, including a shotgun and a semi-automatic rifle, and more than a thousand rounds of ammunition. As a felon convicted for armed crimes, he is not allowed to have or own weapons or ammunition.
Age: 39.
"I still don't know how I will explain this to my son or if I will at all."
Painesville 44077
Cummins said Wright drifted to Cleveland and soon joined the Occupy Movement. Last fall, Wright and Cummins worked together. They talked, and Cummins became impressed by Wright's work ethic.
If it's still frozen, and you want to cook it Thursday, thaw in cold -- and we mean cold (not warm) -- water, 30 minutes per pound. Check your microwave manual for low-power thawing, but that method might also cook extremities. Make sure it goes in the oven immediately after microwave thawing.
Powerball: 6-8-20-42-51, Powerball: 16.
1126 N 43RD ST $10,300
The last word. Last weekend, I emceed a fundraiser for Florida House, our state's embassy and promotional place in Washington, D.C., at the Winter Park home of the late Republican pioneer, U.S. Sen. Paula Hawkins. In doing so, I gave a flattering introduction to the woman we were honoring that day, former Lt. Gov. Toni Jennings. After handing Jennings the microphone, she thanked me and then told the audience it was amazing how nice and pleasant pundits are "after you leave office." Score one for the lieutenant governor.
"From an appraisal standpoint," appraiser Robert Hanfman testified, "I can't make any sense of it."
autopsy on Ryon Smith testified in court today that the 6-year-old found dead in a Cahokia home on Christmas Day 2005 had 57 distinct injuries and died of blunt trauma to the stomach.
David Hintz (D) 4,903
Other fire activity:
East Brunswick
AKRON, Ohio -- A 48-year-old Akron man was charged with felonious assault and child endangerment after his 2-year-old son was critically injured.
As a city commissioner, he planted an anti-Walmart flag in his City Hall window. He fought the retailer's expansion so forcefully he had to recuse himself from casting votes against the company.
Gina Cook's attorney, Eric Olson of Bloomington, did not respond Tuesday to phone or e-mail messages seeking comment.
LaMarcus Aldridge
Miller Nash attorneys representing Japan's Institute of Cetacean Research, a foundation that cites a scientific-research exception to an international whaling ban, had refrained from discussing their decision to take the case for a Feb. 17 story in The Oregonian, preferring to argue it in court.
He once pictured auditioning in front of scouts in a variety of benchmark drills with the hopes of impressing an NFL club enough to use a draft pick on him.
The Cleveland Clinic has offered Obagi for more than 10 years, as has Ohio Clinic Skin Care in Westlake. Cosmetic surgeon Dr. Lu-Jean Feng, whose clinic is in Pepper Pike, has been carrying Obagi since 1998. Dr. Marie Simon, an Avon Lake dentist, also sells it. She spent a year using it herself before deciding to sell it at her offices, partly because so many of the female patients saw how dramatically her skin changed.
Let me try to offer some solace. Even if Mr. Romney is a Potemkin conservative (a claim I think has merit but is also exaggerated), there is an instrumental case to be made for him: It is better to have a president who owes you than to have one who claims to own you.
Horvath's stop in St. Louis is part of his second U.S. tour meeting the homeless of various cities, recording their stories and posting them raw on his website, invisiblepeople.tv.
And they're eating endangered species. A wood stork was found in one snake's belly. Other pythons have devoured at least four woodrats from the Florida Keys, where only 200 remain in the wild in the world.
Brent Whitaker, director of biological programs for the National Aquarium, said the aquarium is deeply concerned for the animals and is committed to excellence in animal care.
For the shrimp: The night before serving, dissolve the salt in the vodka and add the shrimp. Refrigerate overnight.
Craig, however, hasn't been in the field yet.
Coordination between the parties was sometimes approximate, but never drastically off. There was a sense of everyone minding their marks and cues, which kept the performance on the careful side, rather than entirely spontaneous. Still, this was an impressive and accomplished first stab at opera for the symphony.
At one point in the third quarter, OSU turned the ball over on three straight possessions.
With a career-high-tying 18 points from Brendon Lavender, Arizona beat OSU 81-73 in overtime Thursday in an emotional game that, for the second straight time against the Beavers, was marred by heated words, technicals and ejections.
TRENTON, N.J. -- Advisers to government health regulators late Thursday recommended that they approve sales of what would be the first new prescription weight-loss drug in the U.S. in more than a decade, despite concerns over cardiac risks.
It will remain in quarantine for at least three months as veterinarians test it to make sure the animal, which had been housed with non-native turtles, hasn't contracted a disease that could harm native populations. That, of course, will not only cost the state agency time and money, but also will cause stress for the turtle.
One quibble: Hotel websites usually don't include taxes and fees in their initial price displays, and neither does HotelTonight. Those are listed in small print when you tap on the offer.
Mettler organized the book into seven tomboy style archetypes. The "rebels" are rocker chicks Deborah Harry, Courtney Love and Patti Smith, poet laureate of punk, who would buy an expensive coat and immediately throw it into the washing machine to distress it and make it her own. The "sophisticates" include Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, Diane Keaton, Janelle Monae and tomboy godmother Coco Chanel, who turned a fascination with borrowing duds from her paramours into a new way of dressing and introduced it as sportswear to the women of the world.
Mandel said right now, the United States is "in the early stages of a communication boom", where the growth can be measured in the amount of data usage as opposed to numbers of cars and homes sold.
SUNDAY April 15
The victories enabled Romney to pad his already-wide delegate lead over Republican rival Rick Santorum.
How do you explain such things? Is it the end times? Are angry/friendly aliens suddenly controlling our climate? Have greenhouse gases finally cooked our planet? Will the ice caps melt and flood the Earth? Is it time for ark building again? Shall we gather the animals two by two? Or is a bunker full of canned goods more practical?
But since there is no more money in Washington for bailouts or anything else, perhaps a second-best option would be to ask the nation's governors to start taking responsibility for their Medicaid policy choices.
Authorities say Peltier knew the intended targets. But officials have declined to say who they were.
I get it: East Clevelanders are as proud of their independent library as patrons in Rocky River or Lakewood.
Finley has grown into a very happy, feisty girl, she added.
"This was just a disagreement among some partygoers, that was it," Lacher said during a brief interview Tuesday. "The ceremony was beautiful and the reception wonderful."
Art centers built in Salem, Gold Beach and La Grande employed those whose skills were too little in demand during tough times.
When St. Charles County first got the Phase 2 wireless technology two years ago, officials thought it would be used most by drivers who wanted to report an accident they saw but weren't familiar with the area.
George Gallup Jr.
Cheyenne Mountain def. Woodland Park 25-17, 25-20, 25-15
McTeigue directed "V for Vendetta,"and like that picture, "The Raven" is crowded with incident, yet isn't very exciting or fluid as cinema. The works of Poe are naturals for the screen, and their beauty lies in their raw intensity, adaptable for lowdown pulp purposes. The Roger Corman-produced Poe adaptations may not have been faithful to the originals, but they worked their own rough magic. The notion in "The Raven" of Poe chasing after his unwanted protege before he kills again is a good start. But there's no real kick or shiver to the events, nor to the ultimate revelation.
The Secret Service did not disclose the nature of the misconduct. The Associated Press confirmed Friday that it involved prostitutes.
Bill Beauter, co-founder of Make Architecture in Los Angeles, designed a 200-square-foot detached work space for "The Office" actor Rainn Wilson. The architect recalled starting his practice a dozen years ago with Jess Mullen-Carey out of Beauter's garage.
The bishop gave no timetable for reopening the churches, saying he needs to restaff them, return sacred artifacts that were removed for safekeeping and clean up the properties.
Cunniff said that is a lesson Ouitmet is eager to teach.
By law, the session must end Wednesday, but lawmakers work with constituents and attend committee meetings throughout the rest of the year. Their terms don't expire until January.
Mitt Romney's own maneuvering has made it possible.
"Everybody is trying to find a way to kick-start the Oregon economy and find a way to create jobs," Noonan said. "Yeah, there's a bit of experiment to this."
Records show 184 cases of politicos stiffing the state on election fines.
The expansive 6th District he represents encompasses parts of 19 counties to the east of Indianapolis and remains largely intact after the GOP drew new maps in 2011. Its borders, though, were moved farther west to the Marion County line along Shelby and Hancock counties, and south to the Ohio River.
The voice vote reflected a consensus that new taxes on wireless mobile services have far outpaced average sales taxes on other items and have become a deterrent to the spread of wireless broadband technology.
Police and rioters held running battles through the narrow streets of central Athens, as thick black smoke billowed from burning trash and bus-stops.
GM sold just 7,671 Volts last year, below its goal of 10,000. But in March, it set a new monthly record of 2,289 for the Volt, an electric car with a small backup gas engine. Sales of the all-electric Leaf nearly doubled to 579.
Birthplace: Winnipeg, Manitoba
"I don't know what else to do or say. It's just so overwhelming," she said.
What: WECO Fund Inc., "Developing a Business Plan" (Class 3 of 3)
Kiebler Recreation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last May after plans for a 10-year, $280 million upgrade of Peek'n Peak ground to a halt in the economic downturn and unsuccessful attempts to renegotiate mortgage debt.
"He said he couldn't trust me anymore," Brumberger recounted. Edwards informed the aide that he might be fired.
The finest Mets reliever this past month has been Bobby Parnell, who bombed his tryout as the closer last season. The team is reticent to thrust that responsibility back upon him.
"It's a little different obviously in NASCAR. When you hit in an Indy car, you hit quick. There is a lot less recoil. It's like you hit and you slide along the wall. Where I feel like in a stock car, oddly enough, the impacts feel kind of bigger. I think it is because of the room you can move and that the cars bounce a little bit more when they hit. They don't just crush and slow down."
While the freeholders struggle to balance the 2012 budget, other issues have begun to spark political controversy.
Pfizer got hit with new generic competition in the first quarter for blockbuster heartburn drug Protonix and Neurontin, for treating seizures and pain caused by shingles.
Of course, life south of Market was grittier a century ago, when the neighborhood was dominated by factories and warehouses. Even today, San Francisco's few wineries are mostly situated in industrial slices along Third Street or near Bayshore.
Daimler Trucks, formerly known as Freightliner, employs about 2,000 nonunion workers at its headquarters in Portland. The cuts also affect white-collar workers in Redford, Mich. and Ft. Mill, S.C.
Park activities include picnicking, hiking, horseback riding, mountain biking, jogging and bird watching.
"We work closely with the local authorities and continually evaluate our policies and procedures to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience for our fans."
Inside, the L-shaped floor plan allows for a wing for the public spaces -- including a great room, kitchen, dining room and a screen porch -- and a wing for private spaces -- including the master suite and two other bedrooms. Tigerwood flooring continues from the interior to the outdoor deck and screen porch, blurring boundaries between indoors and out.
7. Lay the plants sideways on the soil in the basket and gently work them through the wire frame from the inside. Space plants as needed so that they will fill in the basket.
In June 2010, when BART directors discovered $2.3 million in surplus funds and considered temporary fare reductions, they instead reinvested in system improvements when customer polling reflected that as the preference.
"It's going to cost Marylanders an additional hundreds of thousands of dollars, not once but twice more," he said.
The Rutgers police chief at the time, Rhonda Harris, would not discuss the fallout. In a written statement, university spokesman E.J. Miranda said: "The university was not aware of this at the time and we have nothing to add on this matter."
This place gets busier when college is in session, but one promotion is always strong: On "Thirst Thursdays," ladies drink free until midnight. Plus there are shot specials and $3 drinks in the more upscale Bishop Lounge upstairs. 260 First Ave. N, St. Petersburg; (727) 564-3628, thebishoptavern.com.
"We'll have services with whoever materializes. But I'm worried the crowd will be small, then irritated when they get here, because they'll forget to check the route," said Leslie Limbaugh, minister of students and communication at Third Baptist Church on North Grand Boulevard.
With the Grizzlies making three-point shots look as easy as layups, Memphis continued to humble the Clippers in Game 1 of their playoff series, taking an 85-64 lead going into the fourth quarter at Memphis.
It also said she is recognized for her role in "moving schools from (No Child Left Behind) and the Maryland State Department of Education watch lists to high achieving status."
More likely 2%
Even at the end of a high-traffic day, Royal said the job brings him a rewarding sense of accomplishment.
One of the major lessons that the scientists learned from the 1906 earthquake was that these events were not random. They occur in cycles, 200 years or so on the San Andreas Fault, 150-year cycles on the Hayward Fault in the East Bay. The last earthquake occurred there in 1868. Every spring, Bay Area residents are reminded to do the math.
In a community college class I taught a year ago, I took another sampling of things I hoped young adults might know. I asked students to name an American poet. Few could, though one wrote "Shakspeer." I asked them to name any battle of the Civil War. Few could. I asked them to name a famous Native American. Few could. One student thought the Great Depression took place in the 1960s. Another thought John McCain had led American forces in the Revolutionary War. Almost none knew what happened on D-Day, and one student thought Louis Armstrong was famous for landing on the moon. There were 35 questions on my quiz: ("What happened at Auschwitz? What happened at Hiroshima? What post was held by Newt Gingrich, John Boehner and Nancy Pelosi? From what country did we gain our independence? What Cabinet post does Hillary Clinton currently hold?).
Indianapolis finally found out it could win without Manning. It just took 14 games and three quarterbacks to get there, and almost a full calendar year. The Colts last victory coming on Jan. 2 of last season, also against Tennessee.
"We elected to keep the course moderate and stay away from some of the significant climbs. It's rolling countryside," Herget said. "Being the first year, we wanted to maximize participation and we didn't want to scare people away. For the people who want to go fast, they can go fast. For people who aren't into pain and suffering, they won't have to do that."
And we're grateful for that. Vintage Vinyl has always been a racial neutral zone, and we always wanted it to be that way. When my business partner, Lew Prince, and I decided to open a record store, we both had the Delmar Loop in mind because it is racially neutral. We've always wanted the store to be the kind of place where everyone feels welcome. And we've been fortunate to have great employees - many have gone on to have great careers in the music business.
The end of the match came in a most fitting way, one of Federer's backhand winners.
Jellison was invited in March with some of his students to perform a demonstration at the local library as part of a "Hunger Games" reading.
Chicago: Land of blue chippers. If I'm a college head coach, I'd assign one of my assistants to recruit the Windy City. And I'd do that even if I coached a school in California or Texas. I learned of yet another example shortly after arriving here: Ohio's standout, Cooper, is a Chicagoan.
Kodak apparently made the biggest business mistake of all: It refused to adapt. We once knew a radio executive who thought television was just a fad. Kodak apparently hoped that digital photography would just go away.
Dunmore signed a letter of intent and accepted a scholarship to play football at Oregon on Wednesday. That was national signing day. Dunmore is a terrific multisport athlete, and a solid student. His school celebrated Dunmore's big day by inviting everyone in the student body to the library to watch him sign, and make it official.
"It was one of the last walls standing in a large area of debris," 555 director Carl Goines told the Detroit News. "Our justification was we felt it was a valuable piece by a well-known international artist here in Detroit worth preserving."
neckline and low back.
So how many?
"The Conways are a power couple," says Eric Lambert, small acreage coordinator for Washington State University's Clark County Extension Service. "They run a model property. They both have full-time jobs off the farm. They run a farm, and they still give back to the community."
What a gift from our government on Veterans Day, and I am a veteran. Can you believe the morning paper? The federal government wants to cut trillions from the budget. Work until age 68. Pay more for Medicare. Cut Social Security benefits. New taxes. Can't deduct certain taxes. Now you talk about a revolt? I'll lead the pack, just like they do in other states. Do you hear from your congressman or your senate man, "I'll take a pension cut or expense accounts"? No, you never hear that. Now Blunt, what are you going to do? Oh yeah, nothing, like before.
After graduating from high school, he enlisted in the U.S. Air Force.
While the DFL governor gave a sobering analysis of each of the sites' deficiencies, he nonetheless said the Viking stadium drama was nearing the goal line as the Legislature prepares to convene next Tuesday. "We're at the 5-yard line," he said.
"I have seven chairs and seven barbers and four have had prostate cancer," says Charles Spencer, 53, owner of New Chicago. Spencer has had medical practitioners come to his shop to educate customers about the disease.
The study said "official statistics on the religious affiliation of the state prison population generally are not publicly available. Thus, the Pew Forum survey provides a unique look --- based on the chaplains' own estimates --- at the relative size and growth of religious groups behind bars."
Guevara's widely reported but probably apocryphal last words: "Fire, coward, it is a man you are going to kill!"
"I think this is an excellent experience," said Dunbar senior Charles Brown, Jr., who plays first base and pitches. "Last year we played Friends and came up a couple runs short. We let it slip with a couple errors. This year, we're younger but more talented. We're looking forward to competing."
It was 1996 and Azzet was a senior in college, on his way to class one December morning when a police officer stopped his car. He wondered what was amiss as the man examined his identification papers. Then, four dark vehicles surrounded them. "It's him," the officer said to red-and-white-scarved agents, who seized Azzet.
I'm the new reporter covering Beaverton and the Tualatin Hills Park and Recreation District. Last week, I moved to the area after a 12-hour road trip from California. I had heard that if there's one thing that people here enjoy beside their beer, it's the local coffee.
This cocktail recipe comes from Sunny Harker from the Last Supper Club. The restaurant prefers Hangar One Buddha's Hand Citrus Vodka, but you can substitute another citrus-infused vodka. This recipe can be doubled to fill a pitcher.
Regarding "Should judge or English teacher rule on lawsuit?" (Nov. 1): William Strunk Jr. and E.B. White in "The Elements of Style" imply that when the subject is the same for two clauses, the conjunctive is and, and a comma is inserted before the and, the relationship between the clauses is not close and not immediate. I am not sure what that means, and apparently I'm not alone.
"We all want the very best for our kids," said Julie Brunner, executive director of the Minnesota Council of Health Plans. But if ABA were truly the answer some say it is, she said, "there wouldn't be this ongoing debate."
Seymour was also passionate about her faith and, most of all, her family. Her son, Brian, and daughter, Camella, who are both in their 20s, join her brother and sister in mourning. Her parents were nurses in New York before moving to their native Georgetown, Guyana, as U.S. citizens.
The matter comes to a head next month, when the Commerce Department will announce a determination on a possible second round of tariffs on Chinese-made silicon-based photovoltaic cells, which convert sunlight into electricity and are by far the most popular solar technology.
Some are taking liquids and mineral supplements, while others are refusing even that, said prison spokeswoman Sivan Weizman.
To learn more about Angels RBI or the RBI fundraiser Angels Youth Baseball Camp on May 5, visit www.angels.com/community.
"This is really an economic-development nightmare for us," Krietor said. "We are getting trashed in the national media. The problem is the perception that people outside of Arizona have."
Cocktail connoisseurs and barflies alike can match wits -- and whiskies -- with CocktailSmarts, a new trivia game from San Francisco author Stephanie Lucianovic and uber-bartender Charles Hardwick. The mostly multiple-choice cards focus on drinks (what's in a Cuba Libre, anyway?), lingo, ingredients and "wild card" questions, such as who the Bloody Mary was named for. A score sheet and drink recipe coasters are also included, making it a natural icebreaker at a party.
The six works on the upcoming program are not entirely new. They've been performed either in full or as excerpts by the ballet on previous dates, but none of them since spring 2000.
The students have their own favorite elements, too; hanging out at Powell Hall seems to be the constant. D'akhia Brown, 8, enjoys playing the xylophone. The best moment for Stephon Parott, 8, is his line: "Where did Mr. Woodwind go? He was just here a minute ago!" Alyssa Spangler, 8, likes the sound of the French horn: "When I heard that music, I just closed my eyes and thought of good stuff."
There's a new reality TV series about North Bergen butchers.
Hunter comes across as reasonable and measured, a stark contrast to the image commissioner David Stern seems to be developing as his tenure, which started in 1984, winds down. The CBA negotiations, at times, are portrayed as a personality contest between Hunter and Stern, and it appears Hunter has a nice lead.
The 2011 All-Star is 13 for 33 (.394) with three homers, two doubles, nine RBIs and six walks in his last nine games against the White Sox.
4. Louisiana State 30-7 5-0 5
KABUL, Afghanistan - Washington has pledged in a newly agreed strategic pact to help defend Afghanistan militarily for at least a decade after the country formally takes control of its own security, an Afghan official said Monday.
Enke Jr. was only eight months old when his father took the job at Arizona. His father was a coach at the University of Louisville and was recommended to Arizona Athletic Director J.F. "Pop" McKale by legendary football coach Knute Rockne.
During an explosive period of innovation that began about 25 years ago, technology began remaking Portland's economy the same way it had the San Francisco Bay Area's and Seattle's. But then investment shifted away from hardware --Oregon's specialty --in favor of software for business and the Internet.
The Tribune found nearly 100 board relatives on school payrolls through data searches, interviews and public records from 32 districts representing a cross-section of the six-county area.
Along with the listing, the alert offers crime-prevention tips:
Peavy made it look easy until his final inning, when the Indians finally strung together some quality at-bats.
Second, nearly two years after a problem arose with skateboarders damaging city property, the city is considering an ordinance that would regulate "wheeled activities" and define "intended use" for public spaces. This comes just days before the Cannery's brick plaza is to be unveiled.
Blueberg took the loss to drop to 0-2 this season.
"We're rebuilding and made it a more intimate place," Cabaldon said. "People are going to shows, the library and senior lunches."
Through the surgery, Ringhausen said she and Wingate passed the time "with competitive banter, like we do at a game, just to take our minds off the surgery."
The bill's sponsor, state Sen. Jim Lembke, R-Lemay, said the effort was spurred by the county's delay in mailing tax bills in 2010.
Another resident, Patrick Kavanaugh, said he also stumbled across the aviator, and checked him for injuries as the Navy flier apologized for the crash. "The poor guy was in shock," Kavanaugh told the Associated Press. "I checked for broken bones and opened wounds."
They're sequestered overnights at a hotel so they can't see news on the case.
The Black Oak is a third- generation family-owned and -operated landmark, said administrative assistant Donna Suihkonen by phone Tuesday.
Villas-Boas, who was feted as one of the hottest coaches in Europe after winning four trophies with FC Porto last season, struggled to impose his philosophy on Chelsea's roster of veteran stars and left his post with the team fifth in the standings and in danger of failing to qualify for the lucrative Champions League next season. (The top four English clubs qualify.)
Pruning needs: Prune to shape
I applaud Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake for not jumping on this class warfare bandwagon. She faces daunting challenges and seems to be speaking and acting reasonably about how to fix Baltimore's property tax problem. The current tax system has already chased the middle class away from the city. Do we really want the rich people to leave too?
Even as social art becomes more common around Detroit, Guyton still is as passionate about his work on Heidelberg Street as he's ever been.
Then, Sue surprised my source by calling on the phone.
Red Flower
UAW President Bob King has said on several occasions that he wants to push for the same basic deal from all three major automakers. In March, representatives from UAW locals across the country agreed to a set of bargaining principles that included keeping a level playing field between competitors.
Novitzky acknowledged that was correct.
Butler hasn't been invited to the talks, which Steinberg described as "very quiet but very productive." Butler's not surprised he's being left out.
Rest in peace Jonathan Frid - Barnabas...
Lin appeared in only 29 games for the Golden State Warriors last season, averaging 9.8 minutes and 2.6 points per game, but became an international superstar this year by starting 25 times in 35 appearances and averaging 14.6 points and 6.2 assists per game.
House and Senate negotiators, led by Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., began trying to meld the Senate's $109 billion, two-year bill with efforts by House Republicans to raise money for highways by opening all U.S. coasts to oil and gas drilling, and building the Keystone pipeline between Canada and the Gulf Coast.
"Network," a scathing view of the television business, proved to be Lumet's most memorable film and created an enduring catch phrase when crazed newscaster Peter Finch exhorted his audience to raise their windows and shout, "I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take it anymore!"
Center fielder Mike Trout seemed to have lost it in the lights or the twilight clouds, because he raised his hands up, the universal signal for "I don't got it." Trout jumped at the wall anyway, crashing into the padding, but the ball went over easily.
"It's no wonder they violated their agreement with the ... government and built their plaza to make sure every car and truck drives through their gas station. They are making millions off this scam at the expense of Michigan taxpayers who are losing state and federal tax dollars to repair our roads."
DRAW THE DISTRICTS
The winners received ribbons and cash prizes. They included:
"Jaro kept us in the game all night," Perron said. "He was hot pretty much all night. Not that we want nights like that, but the most important thing is we found a way to get two points in the end."
Marche' Belcher led Zumwalt North with 15 points. Shelby Bateman added 11 points and McKenna Kelly 10 for the Panthers (2-6).
"It's important for us that we keep people who have been employed for many years," Herrero says. "When vines are planted over time, you need people to know them."
"Does he have to kill someone to get fired?" reads the headline above a Redding Record-Searchlight blog.
A mental illness that strikes young children suddenly may be caused by a range of factors, including infections, according to a new report. The paper, published in the journal Pediatrics & Therapeutics, reflects a consensus statement on a condition called Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders Associated with Streptococcal infections -- or PANDAS.
A second Khan piece, consisting of an aluminum beam held in mid-air by magnets, will periodically crash to the floor throughout the exhibition.
"It's so scary," Jenkins says. "But they all know about Mommy's issues. As long as they see me come to within 60 seconds, they know I'll be fine."
Vice President Joe Biden said of former New Jersey governor and senator Jon Corzine "The reason we called Jon is that we knew that he knew about the economy, about world markets, how we had to respond, unlike almost anyone we knew." This statement in and of itself goes a long way toward explaining why the Obama administration has made so many wrong turns on the economy.
Later, Lakers guard Shannon Brown got into Brian Cardinal's face after Cardinal fouled Pau Gasol in the head, and Brown was ejected.
He was 9-9 with a 3.75 ERA in 163 innings last season, his first full season in the majors as a starter.
New York's tough interior defense isn't really the product of Anthony or Stoudemire, but Tyson Chandler who is wrapping up his case for Defensive Player of the Year this week. Because of the 7-1 veteran, Knicks' opponents are scoring a league-low
Run chicken and ham through the meat grinder or food processor.
Riley Wilkerson made the start for the Beavers but did not figure in the decision after leaving in the third. He went two full innings, scattering five hits and two runs.
"We think all the parties are aware of the lease schedule and the timelines contained within it," Demoff said. "We've had preliminary discussions, and they'll naturally get more detailed as we move along."
"When you're controlling everything, it'll look more secretive than what they intend," Hetzel said. "They should voluntarily want to be more transparent, and certainly not be making new rules that would institutionally create more secrecy."
He noted that protesters are free to use city parks from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily, adding that the city offered Occupy members meeting space at city libraries.
A management plan drafted by the Oregon Department of Forestry would increase the Elliott's timber harvest to 40 million board feet per year, compared to 25 million board feet under a plan adopted in 1995.
Others are less open-minded. "I don't remember a time when Hindus and Muslims lived in peace," said Nooruddin Bharucha, a shop owner in Karachi's Mithadar neighborhood. "It's OK to do business with them. But they're blasphemers, and that's unacceptable to us."
Originally built in 1886 as one of the showy mansions being built along the coast, the Seven Gables Inn includes the neighboring 1910 home formerly owned by the first female mayor of Pacific Grove, neurobiologist Julia Platt, known for planting much of the flowering vegetation along the coastline and for infamously shooting her neighbor's bothersome chickens. The original owner, Jane Page, sold the mansion after 20 years to Lucy and Henry Chase of Massachusetts, who turned it into rental apartments.
"Play it! Play it!"
Taxes. If you hold an investment in a taxable account, something other than 401(k)s or IRAs, for example, you could be hit with paying capital gains taxes on a fund's annual distributions. Whether you're in an index fund or an ETF, chances are the fund's index-investing approach helps shield investors from capital gains. An index fund doesn't buy or sell its holdings as frequently as actively managed funds move in and out of stocks or bonds. So it's less likely to trigger a tax hit for shareholders. However, because of the way ETFs are structured, they tend to have more tools at their disposal than index funds to limit taxes.
"I like to move slowly, reaching goals they can reach without getting discouraged," she said, "maybe five or 10 percent of their weight, then set another goal from there."
"Your power is turning our darkness to dawn. Roll on Columbia, roll on."
Brentwood City Council meeting in which a packed crowd demanded that officials account for unjustified overtime pay to firefighters and the theft of city funds by a former administrator.
Thaddeus Young
But during a PowerPoint presentation to the board, TriMet communications director Carolyn Young focused largely on the aging population.
The county has spent $500,000 already, County Manager Darren Gray said. He suggested that couldn't be considered a loss because the county would own the architectural drawings and could construct the building later.
More than 5,700 fans didn't use their tickets to the Houston game and it appeared that others left at halftime and didn't return. Will more fans show up for the finale against the Chargers?
"I don't think so," he said. "Coach Woodson does a great job of figuring out what works for us. My main frustration was that we lost Game 2 and we knew how important it was to win one game on the road. So having Miami up 2-0 is tough for us to deal with because we want to get that win. That was mainly my reason."
Sailing relatives were part of the impetus for the novel, and though Rogan writes of the ocean with a poet's eye, she also refuses to romanticize the harsh reality. As a storm approached, the water "was bluish-black and rolled past us like an unending herd of whales. The lifeboat alternately rose high on their broad backs and slid down into the deep depressions between them. Above, clouds hurtled through the sky before the wind.... I shivered, and for the first time since the day of the shipwreck, I felt profoundly afraid. We were doomed."
One-On-One Interview With Blazers President Larry Miller -- Ben Golliver, Blazersedge.com: Miller maintained adamantly that the Blazers are not rebuilding and that they have a plan, although he didn't want to reveal details, noting that plans can "shift from day to day." He listed Aldridge and Nicolas Batum as building blocks and Wesley Matthews as another potential long-term piece. He said the rest of the roster was looking to build around those pieces.
How his chase took him from Texas to California to Florida, how he out-conned the con men, how he ultimately got all five jailed, is an amazing piece of historical research that will ensnare the reader.
It scares me because it confirms to me how deep-seated and ingrained racism still is in our country for people to be against policies that are in their own best interests. It is so ingrained in them that, even if they are educated enough to know how bad racism is, they are in denial about their own reasons for hating the president.
Harvest (Stadt Land Fluss), directed by Benjamin Cantu, Germany, 2011, 85 minutes, in German with English subtitles
You see, you'll want to tell inquisitive friends and neighbors that the SUV you just bought is all-new. And the 2012 CR-V certainly looks like it.
At least one of the other candidates doesn't dispute Proft's right to support anyone he wishes, but objects to Ives campaigning as a political outsider when her campaign was launched with a big donation from an insider like Proft, who is close to Cicero Town President Larry Dominick and made nearly $1 million in fees from Cicero in 2008.
Jackson has installed more-efficient windows and electronic blinds, which he can raise and lower at the touch of a button. Coupled with a photovoltaic system on the roof, Jackson said he cut his utility bill by $1,000 per month.
But there's reason for hope.
In addition, there are about 10,500 children on a waiting list for child care vouchers this year, according to an annual report compiled by Advocates for Children of New Jersey, a nonprofit organization.
Critics of the delay focused on the loss of new jobs. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce said the decision would "immediately cost more than 20,000 Americans an opportunity to get a job."
Mayor Jim Brainard has been a champion of the Redevelopment Commission and the ways it has financed major projects on its own, without City Council approval, such as the Palladium. He pushed for amendments designed to let the commission retain broader leeway in its dealings, but not all those amendments were included, nor have they been agreed upon.
The teams also formed an alliance late last season. Both teams, which are based in Indianapolis, will perform their work in Panther's shop.
With excitement about both candidates dampened, the election will be more of a tactical endeavor. Victory will be won in a dozen swing states among the 10% to 15% of the electorate who are not already solidly on one side or the other. Those few voters will be targeted, researched, analyzed and manipulated by two highly sophisticated campaign operations.
The victory gives the Kings a 4-0 road record in these playoffs. Game 2 is Monday night in St. Louis.
What got you personally involved in lean thinking?
Absent a significant investment in and commitment to saving young lives -- most importantly by targeting 3- and 4-year-olds in ways that dramatically improve performance when they enter kindergarten -- Cleveland and the inner-ring suburbs don't have a chance.
Final average salary: Would be based on the five highest years of earnings, starting in 2015.
The problem is that the authors of "After the Earth Quakes" dilute the tale by taking on too much and spreading themselves too thin. They bound from the Caribbean to Japan, Charleston to San Francisco; for every chapter with real insight, another feels like a sketchy scientific travelogue.
While one 2009 study found a typical Chicago public school lost more than half of all its teachers within five years, Dolton 149's attractive salary is one reason the district has little teacher turnover, Pedroni said.
Lincoln Club. The Old Guard of the Republican Party. You pay $3,000 a year and see your pooled money distributed to a variety of conservative candidates. In 2007, was notable for bringing Fred Thompson to OC for a speech - which helped convince everybody in attendance he was not ready for a national ticket. A former reporter of mine, Clare Climaco Venegas, is the executive director.
"I didn't even feel up to dialing the telephone and going through all of the prompts to refill the prescriptions," she said, noting that she had lost her voice because of having had general anesthesia administered through a tube down her throat. Paul's partner picked up the prescriptions.
Visitation aims for its second consecutive undefeated championship in Class 1. The Vivettes are led by juniors Jocelyn Koester, Brianna Menolascino, Jana Haikal and Marielle Newell. Viz (17-0) will likely have its biggest challenge in the semifinals when it takes on Barstow (12-5), which beat Pembroke Hill in the sectional round.
"It's not unusual to have someone lay there lethargic," he said. "If he felt it was more severe, he would have called."
Wednesday was the opening day of the spring turkey hunting season. The season continues through May 13.
With this swirling, O'Neal declines to talk to the media at all during the day, which is a violation of league rules, but no one complains because they know he's going through a tough personal stretch. After the game, he leaves the locker room, saying he needed to go see his family.
This work builds on grass-roots efforts in Sherwood, Tillamook and elsewhere, where student test scores surged after teachers took a risk and tried something different.
The answer may lie in the data breach at Anthem.
A major staffing company recently reported that more than a million job vacancies currently exist. Realizing that job location and skills required may cause limitations, it would still appear that about 8 percent of those unemployed might find work.
4196 NW Spoon Pl; 2,443 square feet; on 8/26/2010 for $550,000
They were way ahead of us when we heard this explosion. We kept driving and we got to this truck, and it was blown up. Here, the Germans had a roadblock.
"I walked into a coffee shop in my district, and somebody says to me, 'You know I was standing in line at the grocery store, and somebody used their LINK card to buy Mountain Dew and cigarettes,'" Rose said, referring to the card that the state uses to distribute food stamp money and other assistance. He has proposed banning the use of food stamp benefits on junk food purchases.
Without mentioning Romney by name, Obama served up a transparent jab at his wealthy rival during remarks about job training at Lorain County Community College in Elyria. "I wasn't born," he said, "with a silver spoon in my mouth."
A: Such is the price of getting better.
Kappus Co.: Mike Romanchek was appointed director of sales and marketing for the Cleveland distributor of food service equipment and accessories.
Shipping on the upper lakes ended for the winter on Wednesday with closure of the Soo Locks, which elevate and lower vessels between Lakes Huron and Superior. They will reopen March 25, said Steven Rose, operations chief with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers office in Sault Ste. Marie.
Morrison said he regrets that the town did not commemorate the closing of Gilbert's last cotton gin, commercial feed lot or large-scale dairy.
Realtors are hoping the Murano attention-grabber will bring some life to the market. Moving the city's for-sale inventory - whether condos or single-families - has been tough, even with some signs that first-time buyers are at least out looking. The estimate of 2,000 or so condos for sale comes from Trend Multiple Listing Service, Board of Revision of Taxes data, and the developers themselves.
When the tour stop was announced earlier this year, we caught up with KT Wilson, a Portland dancer who's been a Rockette on the road and in New York for four years. She shared what it's like to do all those eye-high kicks and be a part of a 77-year tradition.
A foreclosure auction that was scheduled for Monday has been postponed for a week.
Master Sgt. Scott E. Pruitt, a Camp Pendleton Marine killed in Afghanistan last week, will be buried Tuesday at Arlington National Cemetery, his family said.
A 140-room Hyatt is slated to accompany a 60,000-square-foot underground bus station, 71 permanently affordable apartments and a brewpub at the planned development near 30th and Pearl streets.
And he is just whomping hitters with it. They have a .119 batting average against his fastball so far. And he's getting a ground-ball rate of 51 percent on the fastball. It has been equally effective against LH and RH batters.
His father, Dave, perked up his ears. Much to Miller's surprise his father played water polo in college and was an Olympic alternate. The idea of returning to the sport he loved with his son was exciting.
Many business executives and Republican politicians have argued for months that new rules for the financial sector, health care reform, and environmental regulations have hurt the economy. That has hamstrung businesses and held back hiring, they argue.
The battles continued on Public Square, which was turned into a Stuttgart, Germany, beer garden and opera house. Captain America and Iron Man fought Loki in front of a large number of extras dressed in formal wear.
Sharp policy differences also remain about how critical it is to respond and what the U.S. and other nations should do to limit greenhouse gases.
"It's a bit of a surreal experience, to be asked to go back and do that," Christie said Thursday in an interview with The Associated Press.
-- A woman who is a school social worker, has three children and previously served on a grand jury.
A big reason is that they're affordable. At community colleges, a full course load costs around $2,000 a year, significantly less than the $8,000 and up charged at most state universities.
The technology is changing so rapidly it's hard to anticipate what it's going to be five years from now, 10 years from now.
Although malls and outlet centers saw some of their biggest crowds last weekend, 70 percent of shoppers said they still had things to check off their lists, according to the International Council of Shopping Centers in New York.
4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped into 1/2-inch pieces
Last April, he was featured in USA Today and the Post-Dispatch after touring Cooperstown. A story by Rick Hummel, the P-D's Hall of Fame sportswriter, headlined "Ahead of the Game," noted how Herzog "delivered championships by outsmarting opponents."
Although I'm not a fan of the term "bodywear," the new line of David Beckham Bodywear for H&M has some attractive undies. Or perhaps I'm being swayed by the campaign images.
His op-ed, calling for taxpayers to benefit from sales of GM stock, is an effort by Romney to pivot from his position three years ago, when he wrote in the New York Times under the headline "Let Detroit Go Bankrupt," with a Boston dateline.
"The Art of Comedy'' section includes such popular books of the time as Uncle Nic's "Ragtime Rhymes and Joyous Jokes (1904) and "Hobo's Side-Splitting Jokes and Monologues'' (1910), and photographs of Kolb and Dill, the city's leading comedy team, with their stovepipes and cigars. In the weeks after the quake and fire, the duo performed in a tent show at Market and Eighth streets. Years later, after their bitter split, Max Dill, who'd made himself look fatter by pumping up a bag under his shirt, ran a gas station at that corner. "I've struck oil, but it's in a can,'' he told the San Francisco Call. Clarence Kolb left for Hollywood, where he played Mr. Honeywell in the early TV sitcom "My Little Margie.''
Dr. Connaughton also worked very closely with the Baltimore city school system's division of special education, various community health programs and the East Baltimore Mental Health Center.
A few months ago, Chronicle Books released "Blackbird Bakery Gluten-Free" ($24.95), quite possibly my favorite gluten-free baking book to date.
His friend and adviser, Ramsey Masso, said Friday that Haddadin signed over the home to Suleman's father last year.
But before leaving, he moved to the winning machine, pumped in $60 and saw the machine light up like a police cruiser in a speed trap. The winning jackpot ticket is time-stamped at 11:20p.m. and 50 seconds, he said.
So far, the prosecution has been a disaster. Government lawyers were lucky to get a new trial after botching the first one last year, and this one hasn't gone much better. The judge himself scolded them this week for putting on a slow and "boring" trial.
Residents as far away as Thailand and southern India said they felt the temblor.
"I always felt fortunate growing up in Medford," he says. "A bad (football) season was 7-2, and because of that my goals were always high. I always thought that hard work would serve me well.
Before the Dearborn event, Jim McMichaels, 27, of Lansing said he was excited about the chance to meet Obama.
Do-it-yourselfers also enjoy the fact that you can control the sugar level (commercial products are often too sweet) and use organic ingredients when making your own.
But Mayor Tim Lowry told CNN the fact that lottery officials are having the news conference at his City Hall is a good sign. He explained, "Not knowing who it is, it seems like they want to make a splash in Red Bud."
As a veteran breast cancer husband, I must report that new members of the breast cancer husband club are often clueless about what to do. So, with the greatest respect to McBride, I offer my own breast cancer husband's song, "I'm Gonna Muddle Through It":
Ilgauskas has options: Herb Rudoy, the agent for Zydrunas Ilgauskas, told The Plain Dealer that the Cavs' all-time games-played leader has been in contact with six teams. The Heat are among the franchises interested in Ilgauskas, who would likely be in line to receive the veteran's minimum of $1.3 million.
Submissions come from renowned filmmakers who travel the world and from grassroots filmmakers who take a video camera on a weekend excursion and submit their best shot.
Police arrested about 100 Occupy protesters for failing to disperse Saturday night, hours after officers used tear gas on a rowdy group of demonstrators who threw rocks and flares at them and tore down fences.
It wasn't long after she moved from Little Rock to Long Beach to live with an aunt following high school that she got her chance. She was working as a secretary when her aunt, who had bathing suit stores in Long Beach and knew some talent scouts, arranged an interview with one atWarner Bros.She didn't get a job, but was given some sage advice: Lose the Southern twang.
Woohoo, party:
After a video-review delay of more than 10 minutes, officials awarded the goal to the Hawks. Sharp picked up his first assist of the season and rookie Jonathan Toews his third.
One woman said she's sick of illegals, while another didn't trust herself to be fair if the defendant is not a citizen.
Absolutely nothing good could have come from that.
Prominent supporters of Martin's family have included Sharpton and Jackson. Last month, Obama called the death a tragedy and said, "If I had a son, he'd look like Trayvon."
Obama said that on his watch the fortunes of the terrorists have suffered mightily. Over the past three years "the tide has turned. We broke the Taliban's momentum. We've built strong Afghan security forces. We devastated Al-Qaida's leadership, taking out over 20 of their top 30 leaders."
Boonville, about midway between Kansas City and St. Louis, is where the Civil War's first significant land battle took place, on June 17, 1861, more than a month before Bull Run (also known as First Manassas) in Virginia. In June, the town expects more than 500 uniformed reenactors and 10,000 spectators at the first of the nation's 150th-anniversary battle reenactments.
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint
Their last two games of the series against Nashville featured a couple of brazenly bad decisions, and each time the Predators made the Wings pay by scoring.
I stumbled across Winter's article at an interesting time, seeing as how I've been working on another blog entry about missionaries. Stay tuned for a Q&A entry with soon-to-be missionary, Elder Tre Barnes, who was recently called to serve in the Mexico Puebla mission starting this fall.
Fall colors in the St. Louis region normally arrive about the first of autumn, which begins today, then peak about the last two weeks of October and into November.
Though the same superb ensemble cast -- including budding stars Maria Dizzia, Sarah Lemp, Louis Cancelmi and Katherine Waterston -- reappear in different roles, there's little sense of permanence. Immigrants and American transplants, strivers and junkies come and go.
"How are we supposed to negotiate with these wild devils?" said the governor of northern Balkh province, Atta Mohammad Noor. "We need peace, but peace with who? We want peace with people who know the value of peace."
She was selected in the third round of the WNBA draft, but spent the past season playing in Europe.
Earlier in the playoffs this year, James scored 47 points in a second-round victory over the Hawks in Atlanta.
Yet 26 years later, and some 15 years after Sandberg played the final game of his Hall of Fame career, that former teammate, Jamie Moyer, is still getting major league hitters out.
That rang true to Julie Gotham, a volunteer at the Komen kiosk at the Mall of America this week. Surrounded by displays of pink T-shirts, water bottles, jackets and more, Gotham said she was so worried about Komen's fundraising prospects that she volunteered for the group for the first time.
'EXACTLY WHAT WE NEED'
The county will receive an additional $114,416 based on the miles of county-maintained roadways.
Municipal Aid
"As long as I am on the team, I'm on the team," Braun said. "If I have a name on the back of my jersey, I'm okay, because you can always work yourself up towards the first team. That's a goal of mine, to make the first team."
The gesture kicked off what family members called a celebration of the life of Kelly Thomas, on what would have been his 38th birthday.
Public debate on this matter often coalesces in one form or another around the idea of laziness -- referring either to the students or to their teachers. Such interpretations seem superficial and inadequate.
"That was her objective," Rutherford said, "To have the finest quality product and represent it that way."
EEOC chairwoman Jacqueline Berrien said the agency has spent the past two years boosting its staff to cope with the growing number of claims and curbing the backlog of pending charges. Since President Barack Obama took office, the agency has increased staff levels that were sharply reduced during the Bush administration.
But justices seemed skeptical and, at times, highly critical of Verrilli's argument.
Such an awesome little man
On April 22 ICE issued a policy paper making clear it would refuse to adopt any real reforms to Secure Communities.
Asian Village
Loving the Cardinals is simplified by the fact they consistently put a good team onto the field. St. Louis now has 11 championships, and it ought to be even more. (Take that, Don Denkinger.)
Mayor Dana Redd and the police union held a last-ditch meeting Monday night but failed to reach an agreement.
Coppinger said the woman working at the facility dumped her sample and told her she would have to go back to the waiting room until she could supply another one.
Prince, Brehaut and Hundley received the majority of the reps in 11-on-11 team drills during Tuesday's practice. Brehaut had the better day, though most of his work came against second- and third-team defenders.
Salberg wants schools to educate athletes when they enter the system, to let them know what the signs and symptoms of HCM are, let them know how important it is to tell medical professionals if there is a family history of heart problems.
Last summer, when gas prices went sky-high, Erin Chase scoured the family budget to find ways to save money. She couldn't lower prices at the gas pump or reduce the mortgage, but she could find ways to trim the grocery bill.
"I was very young and naive," he said by phone from New York on Thursday. "I didn't know at that point what I was going to be giving away. So If they put a contract in front of me, I signed it."
While the government did not have to prove that the men had a specific target in mind, prosecutors said they were discussing an attack on the Army's Fort Dix, an installation about 25 miles east of Philadelphia.
Why must we stand?
Of course -- what was there to be afraid of?
Jeff Goldblum, in a hilariously random pink blazer, waits on them with a combination of solicitude and creepiness -- the purr-grrr as he brings out the tangled Apple earbud under glass is amusing and unnerving in equal parts. Also nice: the cap on the sketch, when the hostess brings her artisan knot gift to the basement to join a tableful of other artisan knots.
"A lot of sequels fall short because they add too many new characters and too many layers of plot," said Favreau by phone from Los Angeles.
Princeton International Academy Charter School did not open this school year after lawyers from area school districts opposed a zoning use variance for a building the charter school had planned to use.
Unfortunately for McDonald, his clever play couldn't keep him from busting outside the money in this event, and for a brief moment the rich took a break from getting richer.
Plenty of other places offer smoothies, but Good 'n' Raw is the rare place to find freshly prepared nonprocessed, nondairy ingredients. And sure, those who want it can get a shot of fresh wheatgrass juice added to just about anything (or drink it alone, if that's their thing).
Frequent travelers may want to consider another money-saving technique: replacing a phone's American SIM card (the little electronic memory card that identifies and configures your phone) with a local (or country-specific) SIM card. In general, when you do that, all incoming calls will be free, and outgoing calls (local or international) can be significantly cheaper.
Houston made it apparent it was moving on from Jones by drafting receivers DeVier Posey and Keshawn Martin last month.
And while the heartburn some feel for a word that is as outdated as lunch-counter protests is understandable, for blacks to have a collective coronary about its inclusion on the census form deserves, well, a Negroes, please!
WASHINGTON -- Congress members from Ohio reacted along party lines to the news Wednesday that President Barack Obama's opinion on gay marriage has evolved to the point of supporting it.
2506 Gass Av, $16,000
Fudge agreed and attacked the controversial bill: "Ohio House Bill 194 represents a reversal of voting rights in the state of Ohio. It represents confusion. It represents disenfranchisement."
What comes through in even a cursory perusal of these collections is a sense of an event so enormous that it could only be grasped in miniature.
The scene The gallery, occupying the bottom corner at Pennsylvania and 14th streets, is in a rehabbed, multi-story live/work space building geared for artists. It has an emerging artist vibe: young, raw and energetic.
1/3 cup clarified butter, warmed (see Note)
For much of the game, it was a dream for McMillan and the Blazers.
Keys was taken to CentraState Medical Center in Freehold Township, where he was pronounced dead about 9:30 p.m., Lemieux said.
The story follows the bumpy path of a teen girl in Sonoma County who survives dysfunctional family situations through pluck and wit.
President Barack Obama heralded the strike as a "major blow to al-Qaida's most active operational affiliate," saying the 40-year-old al-Awlaki was the group's "leader of external operations."
A: It's illegal to ask for a photo in connection with a job application. It could disclose, for example, race and ethnicity, and act as an unlawful screening mechanism. Department of Fair Employment Housing regulations forbid it.
Under federal law, a conviction for interference with a flight crew or attendants can bring up to 20 years in prison. The offense is defined as assaulting or intimidating the crew, interfering with its duties or diminishing its ability to operate the plane.
Putting lipstick on a pig may be easier than making old brands new.
PLANS FOR CITY FORUM
The 12-year-old Life Science Orchestra at the University of Michigan is so well-established that it has become a recruitment and retention tool for the faculty and students, said Dr. David Brown, a pediatric otolaryngologist and principal flutist in the U-M orchestra who helped found the group. He left, then returned for a job and his old spot in the orchestra.
Davis had 16 points on 7-of-10 shooting in the second quarter for the Magic, including four in a row to spark a quick 6-0 burst that cut their deficit from nine to three in a minute and a half.
Best Opera Recording: Saariaho: L'Amour De Loin, Kent Nagano, conductor; Daniel Belcher, Ekaterina Lekhina & Marie-Ange, Todorovitch; Martin Sauer, producer (Deutsches Symphonie-Orchester Berlin; Rundfunkchor Berlin)
vineyards in Washington State's Horse Heaven Hills and Wahluke Slope, this medium-bodied wine is soft and fruity, with vanilla notes from oak aging, good structure and acidity and a silky, mouth-filling texture. Purchased in March at Dierbergs Brentwood Pointe for $10.99.
Alexander Scott Gillespie
(05-02) 11:04 PDT Eden Prairie, Minn. (AP) --
As I climbed Blackstar Canyon in the dark early hours of the morning, going pretty much at my limit and watching Tinker and a couple others ride away, I had no idea it would be my day. But I did know I was riding the pace I should be and that there were five hours of really tough mountain biking to go.
About six minutes earlier, the Flyers had taken a 3-2 lead as Claude Giroux one-timed a slap shot from the left circle past Brodeur.
Cordray became Ohio's attorney general after a special election in 2008, filling the slot after its former occupant, Marc Dann, left in a sexual harrassment scandal. Cordray served until the end of 2010 but lost reelection to Mike DeWine.
342 Reardon Dr, $65,000
If the proposal gains final approval, the money would pay for two investigators, two analysts and one staff attorney, at a cost pf $142,065 for the last six months of this fiscal year. The new personnel would cost $276,624 in 2012.
Bar service: No liquor service, but you can bring your own beer and wine (no corkage fee).
Kierland opens at 8 a.m. Friday, two hours earlier than usual.
Hulu and Providence Equity declined to comment.
DNA evidence brought forward by the St. Charles County Sheriff's Department crime lab helped thaw out a cold case in St. Charles and expose two brothers' alleged involvement in the 1984 murder of an elderly woman.
That November, Arizona voters supported those behind SB 1070. Brewer won overwhelmingly, as did Pearce. Republicans won a supermajority in both the House and Senate, and within that majority were even more self-proclaimed tea-party Republicans.
Robi Zimmerman
"But you do have to wonder with a 5-3, 5-4 kid, how do you expect him to pick up a 240-pound rusher off the end? So they have to concern themselves about what they do with him when they give the ball to someone else."
In the last scheduled game between the schools that began playing each other in basketball in 1907, Kansas staked a claim to a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament and its eighth straight Big 12 title with a victory that came only after MU couldn't get a shot off following Tyshawn Taylor's free throws with 8.3 seconds left.
But Khalifa, one of hip-hop's best known marijuana advocates, contradicts the carefully balanced image the Jockey Club has cultivated for the Infield in recent years.
St. Paul's Lutheran Church sponsored an Easter dinner that was prepared by members of the church and distributed to families in Harford County. More than 50 volunteers prepared more than 450 meals that were delivered Saturday in time for Easter.
"You buy a card to give to someone else, so you don't know who is the ultimate holder of this card," Holub said.
Krystyna Bartulska, a housekeeping manager at the Hilton Minneapolis hotel, said she sent a letter to Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson's office in May after a New York debt buyer, Erin Capital Management, began garnishing her paycheck for a 10-year-old debt. Bartulska said her ex-husband paid the debt in full in 2004, and she sent a copy of the canceled check to Swanson's office.
The 116-acre Substitute fire is burning in the Willamette National Forest 14 miles southeast of McKenzie Bridge. The U.S. Forest Service is managing the fire with a monitor/confine/contain strategy.
Braxton did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
The process: 2 Towns adds sulfites to the pressed juice to prevent oxidation and spoilage. "It's the same exact process as winemaking, except instead of pressing grapes, you're pressing apples," Takush says. They settle the juice, separating out the sediment, and then inoculate that clear juice with the desired yeast strain. They ferment at cool temperatures. The cider ages at least one month and, in the case of the pommeau (19 percent ABV), up to a year or more. Larsen and Takush are in the cellar every day near the end of fermentation, testing the balance of acid and sugar. "Once we get to the right sweetness, we crash the tanks," Takush says. Turning on the tanks' cooling jackets forces the yeast to go dormant, yielding near-finished cider that still must be filtered.
"It wasn't like we felt the parents were negligent," Goodwin added. "The home was clean. The baby was well-cared for."
The ruling was disappointing, said Luis Carrillo, an attorney for the girl's mother.
For younger kids: The Children's Museum of Pittsburgh could entertain your kids for at least a day, maybe more. Among the highlights: a huge waterplay area, Mister Rogers' Neighborhood and dozens of pieces of interactive artwork that will leave both kids and adults mesmerized.
The coach said he concentrated on what was upstairs.
The plan also includes $672 million for NJ Transit and $200 million a year for local projects through the New Jersey Department of Transportation.
"We still expect to make a roster move or two," said Paulson, who traveled to Casa Grande, Arizona Saturday. "The coach is totally focused on who he's got, as he should be. But I would definitely expect a couple more moves."
After visiting Crostatas, it was really out of the norm. The pizza was actually great! It was light, not overpowering with dripping grease and left us with a sense of satisfaction. I'm not a big fan of thin crust, but this had a different taste. Out of the two that were judged, the cheese was my favorite. I'm not a big fan of sausage, but it really was tasty. All the ingredients were fresh and it was a treat to watch the dough being tossed around in the air! Great atmosphere, great food and great company! Yes, Crostatas is high on the list for being recommended!
The district's board previously has awarded millions of dollars in construction management projects to Glenn, often with little to no competitive bidding.
CBC got a run in the fourth when freshman Matt Vierling perfectly executed a safety squeeze to bring in Justin Paulsen, who had doubled to lead off the frame.
How could a song, a show, a poem, a painting do justice to the fallen, those who tried to save them or their surviving loved ones? They can seem as shallow as speeches, as hollow as memorials. Those who died that day have already consecrated the events "far above our poor power to add or detract," as Abraham Lincoln said at Gettysburg.
These aren't mere platitudes, because the work -- and a tireless dedication to honing her craft -- is what it's always been about for Davis. Just ask those who knew her when.
"We can't win with me missing easy shots like that," Aldridge said.
The Department of Education had fined the university $55,000 for waiting more than two hours after the first round of gunfire to send out an email warning students, teachers and others to take cover.
Willey, who doesn't claim to be a "trendy" cook, said, "Even as a teen, I was a baker."
On the kind of reception he expects?
But one real concern from a historic architectural perspective is the Detroit Boat Club, the oldest boat club in America and the once proud home of Detroit Rowing. Anyone here seen Boat House Row along the Schuylkill in Philadelphia, just down from their art museum?
The grounds include parking lots with a total of 400 spaces, a helicopter pad and a central energy plant. The emergency generator has the capacity to power the hospital for 72 hours.
Now, add Arkansas to the list.
He said he had not been told whether Caudillo and Shea were fired.
Now in her junior year, Katie has chosen a major that she is passionate about (ministry and leadership with a minor in psychology), but she said, "The thing that scares me most is graduating and not being able to find a job."
Pledges were paddled. They also were hit on the backs and on their necks when they failed to perform tasks such as reciting memorized lines, according to an investigative report released Wednesday.
-- Danforth Ave.: Princeton Ave. to West Side Ave.
They had communicated with rescuers through a hose, in place before the collapse, by which they also received food and medicine during their ordeal in a horizontal shaft dug into a mountainside.
Winter Vegetable Stew
Next in line to convert to e-filing are Missouri's appellate courts. There is no timeline for other circuits in the state, but some, like the court in St. Louis, are doing their own scanning and electronic storage in preparation for getting on the state-managed system.
"I said I got to throw strikes," Marmol said of his wild inning.
That part of the game seemed to come naturally for Brewster, even when he was getting tossed around by defensive tackles while starting as a true freshman. Or while, as a sophomore, he was playing on an injured leg that affected him so much, he hated to watch the film of himself getting beaten by opponents, knowing he couldn't be at his best.
Playing in the minors
The question I'd like answered is, "What makes a chef, a former Chronicle Rising Star, leave the comfortable kitchen of the high-profile Rubicon restaurant and slave seven days a week in his own 20-seat diner that's open for breakfast, lunch and dinner?"
Schaefer's casket will be available for viewing at City Hall until 9 p.m. Tuesday. His funeral service and burial are scheduled for Wednesday.
"But we need the heart and the hustle aspect of that 'Triple-H' to get us through games and to start playing Syracuse lacrosse."
It made us question again what it means to be an American and who is an American.
35 LAURA HILL RD $103,551
Undefeated Gemologist, at 6-1, will start from the No. 15 position and have juvenile champion Hansen (10-1, 14th), another sprinter, to contend with. Gemologist trainer Todd Pletcher was pleased.
The new high school, which hasn't been named, is scheduled to open in the fall of 2013 and tentatively planned to serve freshmen students the first year and freshmen through seniors within four years. The school could accommodate about 1,200 students.
Beyond the refinery, groundwater contaminated with benzene has spread under neighboring property, including Denver Metro Wastewater's Robert Hite Treatment Facility. Metro Wastewater managers there have given Suncor access to build the underground wall and "are concerned for our workers' and contractors' health and safety, and to meet all of our obligations under our (state pollution) discharge permit," agency spokesman Steve Frank said.
If you want your child to spend summer vacation doing more than sleeping, staring at a screen or hanging out at the pool, consider signing up for a summer enrichment program. Bobbi Deporter, with SuperCamp's Accelerated Learning, offered these helpful tips to consider evaluating programs for your son or daughter for this summer.
Worcester Councilor Frederick Rushton said he decided to sponsor a resolution after hearing the "racial overtones" of critics angry at Boston's decision to pass its measure.
"She just did it by routine all the time," he said. "She didn't do it with any malicious intent."
"I saw my cousins playing and I wanted to get into it," he said. "My aunt (Billie Thurman) started coaching me in fourth grade at Herbert Hoover Boys & Girls Club (in St. Louis) and she basically taught me everything I know."
(05-07) 20:20 PDT WASHINGTON (AP) --
"When these lights come on on Wednesday, I'll be ready to go."
A real companion: Local poet and John Carroll University professor George Bilgere will make his first appearance reading his poetry on "A Prairie Home Companion" with Garrison Keillor at 6 p.m. Saturday live from New York City. (It airs locally on WCPN FM/90.3.)
Schools across the state have programs for kids with autism starting as young as 3 and going as far as 26, depending on their needs.
She sent a picture and a letter of introduction, and within a few more months was on a plane for their first meeting.
BEST DRAMA:
Breaking it down
Problems surfaced last fall after then-commander Ron Ryan retired, and the Department of Public Safety looked into how cash and property was being handled.
Alysia Petchulat of St. Louis was on the tour boat with her 9-year-old son and sat near Schwendtner and Prem. The mood was jovial in the minutes after the vessel stalled and the riders waited for a tow boat, but then the barge grew perilously closer.
The index fell to its lowest level in 17 months in July. But it has ticked up since then.
However, the limits can be circumvented by a process those in law enforcement call 'smurfing." Instead of one or two people buying cold products, the meth producer finds as many purchasers as possible to buy the maximum amount of pseudoephedrine.
"I just can't say enough about the kids' offensive execution," said Rueter, whose team has scored 45 or more points 11 times this season including Thursday. "We did score 46 points. That's like scoring 90 if you're other teams."
With the suspect in Syria, the Malik family turned to trying to get him returned as well as tracking down who helped him flee.
Born in Cincinnati, Tremper is currently a lead language-speech and hearing specialist at River Springs Charter School in Temecula. She was coordinator of student services for South Bay Union School District for nine years, and a bilingual language-speech and hearing specialist for that district for seven years.
Knowing the difference between a grab bar and a towel bar goes beyond a compliance issue. But lodgings aren't left in the wilderness when trying to comply. The American Hotel & Lodging Association "provides training materials and tools that will help hotels," the association's Kevin Maher said.
Often that leads to more accurate content, but sometimes it leads to edit wars between people with different axes to grind. And sometimes inaccurate articles remain so simply because no one noticed the inaccuracies or bothered to correct them. Anyone can set up a Wikipedia account simply by coming up with a user name and password. You don't even have to provide an email address.
Executive pastry chef Casey Shiller of Jilly's Cupcake Bar in University City rocketed past three competitors on Food Network's "Cupcake Wars" Tuesday night. Assisted by chef Dana Holland, Shiller -- a self-proclaimed "space geek" -- served up three rounds of cupcakes for a party marking the 50th anniversary of the first American in space. For the final round, he even designed a replica of Alan Shepard's Mercury capsule that an astronaut-judge called perfect.
Ahmed said he's now traveling with a bodyguard - just in case Islamic militants find fault with his making a buck off Bin Laden.
We gotta admit, we're not a fan of spitting, one way or another. Perhaps it goes back to that time early in our career where a fellow sportswriter at a high school football game got his spit cup too close to our coffee cup.
There's no entity more devoted to giving the public what it wants than ESPN -- even its hour upon hour of nonstop fawning from Jon Gruden and other NFL sycophants.
Arioto, who missed the 2011 season with a broken leg, plays first base when the redoubtable Henderson (29-1) is pitching; she has a 1.10 ERA with 238 strikeouts. Arioto, Henderson and left fielder Jamia Reid (.383, 44 stolen bases in 46 attempts) are among 25 candidates for USA Softball's College Player of the Year.
So, I'm all for this call on Republicans to act in their own political interests. I agree with Land that the continued failure of the federal government to fix this will "rend the fabric of our society."
Increasingly, however, public school teachers are being fired or suspended for perfectly lawful activities during off-work hours when those activities are deemed inappropriate by parents or school officials.
"They're helping us out in all kinds of ways," Hayes said with a huge smile. "I guess we should send them a gift or something ... I don't know. That might be doing too much."
History is one thing this team of destiny has never shied away from.
Even so, this important book, by an exceptionally shrewd, sophisticated and deeply knowledgeable analyst, deserves a place on the short shelf of classics about modern Mexico that includes Alan Riding's "Distant Neighbors" and Paz's "The Labyrinth of Solitude."
Allen's son typifies a disturbing side of violence in Philadelphia schools.
Adam Wainwright
Katrina Brackin, the owner of the 2010 Suburu Legacy Singleton that was struck, and her boyfriend, Jason Beery, said Singleton told them he was OK. Singleton told them the last thing he remembered was reaching for his radio, Beery said Wednesday.
Independent groups favoring Mitt Romney already are launching TV advertisements in competitive states for the November general election, providing political cover against President Barack Obama's well-financed campaign while the Republican candidate works to rebound from a bruising and expensive nomination fight. Some conservative organizations also are planning big get-out-the-vote efforts, and Romney backers are courting wealthy patrons of his former GOP rivals.
"Women on average have longer sleep than men; women on average are healthier than men. It could be that those are related," says Daniel J. Buysse, a professor of psychiatry and clinical and translational science at the University of Pittsburgh. Sleep difficulties have been linked in many studies with chronic conditions like cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
"It's just the way I felt last night. I didn't really think about it. I usually think about my answers. That was more of a reaction," Jeter shrugged Friday.
However, many supporters of schools and other public services say they aren't sure they want to sit through another round of cuts to services before acting.
Countdown to the Red Carpet: The 2012 Academy Awards: The E! channel just can't wait to get its Oscar coverage started. This prelude to the prelude (the red carpet arrivals) begins bright and early at 10:30 a.m. I anticipate lots of clips of nominated stars and movies and assorted time-filler segments. (10:30 a.m., Sunday, E!)
Economists surveyed by the Associated Press said hiring should be sufficient to push the unemployment rate below 8 percent by Election Day. The 32 economists surveyed by the AP see steady job gains averaging 177,000 a month for the rest of this year. That should be enough to lower the unemployment rate to 7.9 percent by November.
It may, but identities are a little harder to find with so many unfamiliar faces.
As the U.S. economy declined last year, the value of the dollar fell against foreign currencies such as the Euro and the Japanese yen. The weak dollar made it more expensive for most countries to export goods to the United States and made U.S.-produced goods cheaper for them to buy.
It involves a stocky, rambunctious 89-pound Rottweiler.
According to a RAND formula based on what's happened when police forces change size, laying off 150 officers in Camden could result in 13 more murders per year and spikes in assaults and robberies.
You can park and walk or park and scoot right in, depending on what you're hungry for. Most eateries will be open before and after the show, so eat twice!
FBI officials said the men had intended to disrupt commuters today.
Not overly dramatic
Tuesday, Oct. 11-Sunday, Oct. 23: "Million Dollar Quartet." The first supergroup came together by pure chance on Dec. 4, 1956, when Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins all happened to meet at the Sun Records studio. The jukebox musical that dramatizes that day is crammed with hits. Eric Schaeffer directs.
CPS spokesman Frank Shuftan said that before a car can be used, it must undergo a safety check.
Besides the new paint on its old lodge, the Badger Pass Ski Area in Yosemite National Park now boasts state-of-the-art chairlifts -- Eagle and Badger -- with truly smooth rides. All of this and more as Badger Pass chalks up its 75th year as a ski area operating entirely within a national park.
"Out of respect for the student and her family, the school district will not be sharing personal information," the district statement said. "The school community has rallied to support each other in a very difficult time. We extend our condolences to her family and friends. Our hearts go out to them as they cope with their loss."
Currier not only knew and was known by much of the Army, she knew many of the players who played in Portland.
Another complication: Even before stepping foot on campus, students who attend college generally have better earnings prospects than their high-school classmates who go straight to work. So any estimate of college's monetary value needs to separate out those factors.
I don't remember a time when so many topics have become politically unmentionable in one party or the other. Republicans cannot admit to any nuance in policy on climate change. Republican members are now expected to take pledges against any tax increases. For two consecutive Presidential nomination cycles, GOP candidates competed with one another to express the most strident anti-immigration view, even at the risk of alienating a huge voting bloc. Similarly, most Democrats are constrained when talking about such issues as entitlement cuts, tort reform, and trade agreements. Our political system is losing its ability to even explore alternatives. If fealty to these pledges continues to expand, legislators may pledge their way into irrelevance. Voters will be electing a slate of inflexible positions rather than a leader.
Here, for instance, is the story the Peter B. Lewis Building at Case Western Reserve University tells me: An unfinished brick building gets hit by a gigantic 1956 Coupe de Ville, falling from space at about a 45-degree angle. Once the initial chaos subsides, nobody can pry loose the enormous chrome bumper, so they just leave it there and learn to work around it.
Our waiter, the same person on each visit, seemed to improve along with the restaurant's food. He started out hesitantly and sometimes took a while to get a glass of water or basket of tortillas. By the final visit, he and the rest of the staff had hit their stride, pacing the meal well and remaining warm and friendly even on a busy night.
LeGrand gets out as much as he can, to soccer and baseball games, to the movies and campus events. And, when he does, he usually makes friends. Sometimes, famous ones.
"I got more money, I got a quicker settlement, and there were no arguments."
Estate planning is something few people will embrace with open arms. But it's a necessary step for adults who want to secure their future.
Friedlander, 60, got the tattoo to emphasize his decision to forgo CPR if his heart stops.
"But that doesn't mean that tribal members should simply get more money" as casino profits rise. "They will still have to become viable, working members of society."
The study found that drivers using OnStar's hands-free system experienced about five air bag deployments for each 100 million minutes of driving, while those who were not using the system to make calls had a little more than eight air bag deployments for each 100 million minutes of driving.
The original scholarship concerning Stewart's impact upon the college voter is limited. But the first of what studies do exist, conducted in 2006, found puzzling effects of Stewart's broadcast. Viewers who watched the show displayed more cynicism toward politics, yet they became more confident in their awareness of current events.
On weekends, Adrian Bermudez drives around Kansas City, Kan., selling the food he grew up on -- Mexican and barbecue.
"I haven't heard any talk about it from the producing side of the table, but people have been tweeting it. There's been a campaign growing. I would be into doing it, I would think, if we could come up with the right story line," Ruffalo said. "And if they want to see a 50-year-old Hulk. That might be the big thing. No one might want to see me doing this again."
Lucente was charged with reckless endangerment for giving steroids and HGH to Baglio. In March of this year, more than two weeks into his trial, Lucente pleaded guilty to a single conspiracy charge for accepting kickbacks from the pharmacy.
Final average salary: No change.
7 p.m. L.A. Angels at Tampa Bay, ESPN
Rockwood's Summit's Dylan Steffens has had an outstanding season, winning 17 of his 18 matches. But the Falcon sophomore has had no luck when it comes to the state draw. Last season, Steffens had to play Ford Zitsch of Rock Bridge in the first round. Zitsch finished third. This season's draw is even tougher as Steffens drew Paul Nahon of Springfield Glendale in the first round. Nahon, a senior, is a three-time state medalist and is 27-0 this season. Nahon is the defending Class 2 singles champion. Michael Davis of Parkway Central is also is in the same quarter of the draw. He will face Jeremy Sellmeyer of Mehlville in the opening round.
If he's successful, Hanna, a former House of Delegates candidate, intends to sink $2 million into developing the club, which has been closed since 1992.
Jung: "And have you found anything to suggest that Terri could be a danger to her husband or her daughter?"
negotiations, prompting some -- cognizant of the struggling economy -- to worry that the tournament could end if Safeway did not renew.
PolitiFact sought to count how often the phrase was used in 2010 but found an accurate tally was unfeasible. It was used hundreds of times during the debate over the bill and revived during the campaign. A few numbers:
The family fled before the offensive began. Fifteen soldiers broke into the house looking for weapons, a neighbor told her. When they didn't find any, they set fire to the house, pouring gasoline in the rooms to make the fire burn hotter.
The investigation is continuing, state spokeswoman Ellen Lovejoy said. "More disciplinary actions are anticipated," she said. "Obviously the hospital has some systemic issues that need to be corrected."
"Maybe one person who does know something will see her picture and speak up with credible tips," wrote Ionka Martin, a friend of the family, on her Facebook page. "All we can do is try."
Robinson is just getting back from knee surgery and made his re-debut for the Thunder last night, playing the final minute of a blowout win at Phoenix. He had played in just one game for the Thunder before missing 14 after knee surgery.
Sheena Collum, a village resident and member of the Citizens Public Safety Committee said the village chief of police told residents and shopkeepers at a recent meeting of the committee that police were closely monitoring social media to head off any future incidents.
As a young reporter who covered those times for the Examiner and The Chronicle, I found it hard to put down "Season of the Witch" - but sometimes wished I could. Reading it, I realized how close I've come to repressing some of the more painful memories of the 1970s. But as Jim Jones, quoting philosopher George Santayana, reminds us in a sign hung over his Jonestown death throne, "Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it."
(05-01) 17:54 PDT WASHINGTON, (AP) --
2 Hunter Court, Louise Covotta to Robert S. Covotta and Susan L. Covotta for $188,000
This has to be the draft that makes a difference.
Graham Smith, the agent who helped Blood, said that in some ways these premarket deals are simply a return to the basics.
The wide-ranging exhibit, which runs through May 6, lets kids build things that fly and experience simulated flight.
The annual Fourth of July parade will begin at 10 a.m. Monday and travel down Greenbrook Road from North Plainfield High School to the Vermeule Center. At 6 p.m., activities on the athletic fields at West End School on Greenbrook Road will feature live entertainment. Fireworks will begin at dusk. Call (908) 769-2900.
"It seems that offending customers has become an annual tradition at Ben & Jerry's," said the group in a statement.
A search that had dragged on for days ended in seconds.
Vibrant colors, black-and-white, family pictures, stunning cloud formations: it seems there's no shortage of photo options available at the coast.
The analysis concluded: "These requirements could have a negative impact on state government."
Fair staff has changed, volunteers have come and gone, but this bunch has stuck together since 1990, give or take a few years.
"He just doesn't stop," she said. "I'm a workaholic myself, and I think our parents were the same way, so it's just in his blood."
"We do get to eat for free," Evans says, "which is an extremely important aspect of staying alive as a bluegrass musician."
Bagley said the team is encouraging fans, along with labor and business interests, to intensify lobbying efforts. "We need to mobilize everybody to push this over the top."
The artworks are done in the traditional Tibetan thangka style, typically reserved for religious paintings of ornate Buddhas and deities. The artists drew upon 17th century Tibetan medical-text paintings that were once used by traditional healers.
Claim to fame: This singer-guitarist earned his nickname -- "The Texas Cannonball" -- by virtue of his hard-hitting style of blues. Born in the Lone Star State but raised in Chicago, King cast a long shadow, influencing everyone from Eric Clapton to Stevie Ray Vaughan. King died in 1976.
Just across the street from Junior's, the Times Square offshoot of the legendary local Brooklyn cheesecake emporium, the Cake Boss Cafe is the Times Square offshoot of Hoboken's now-famous Carlo's City Hall Bake Shop, owned by TLC reality star Buddy Valastro.
"The single biggest concern that I have among the threats to the collegiate model is simply the threat of integrity," Emmert said. "And when we have people that don't want to conduct themselves consistent with the integrity of these games, we need to be ready to deal with that appropriately."
Jarrod Lyman, public-relations manager with Lake Havasu City Convention and Visitors Bureau, grew up in town and eagerly anticipates Winterblast each year. When describing the event, he sounds like the wide-eyed spectator he says he has always been.
The governor says the new law keeps in place a requirement that patients give written consent before the results of HIV screening can be shared with other health care providers.
Not for everyone.
"Me and my mom have been discussing for the past few weeks about it," Fulwood said of his mother, who had reportedly liked Clemson for her son. "She had some situations at first. She had some questions about it, but me and Coach Muschamp have talked to her, and she's even happier than I am now."
The New Jersey senator issued his statement as the Violence Policy Center said the same model weapon that Loughner carried was used in the 2007 shootings at Virginia Tech.
Or maybe this is just a spell of poor play that is common to every NBA team throughout a season, as Miller and Camby suggest could be the case.
Since then, she has received numerous awards from ethnic groups for her work and traveled all x over the country, lecturing about the case and its implications. She took the time to talk with The Tustin News about her project.
In his brief letter announcing the closing of the Centaurus Energy Master Fund, Arnold praised his staff for building "the best infrastructure and models in the business." He said the fund achieved results "better than I could have hoped for or imagined" and claimed that returns on investments were consistently good - "often in triple digits" - in part because his group was disciplined and remained focused on its core knowledge of the energy industry.
The survey, which polled about 500 people in each state and D.C., found that Maryland men are less likely to carry a balance, pay only the minimum or owe late or over-the-limit fees than women here.
The numbers are ugly. The Blazers, who led by 18 points early in the third quarter, just went to sleep offensively in the second half, when they scored 28 points, their low in any half this season ... by six.
"On Saturday, I almost died," he said.
The boys placed fifth out of five teams at the NOC Valley tournament on May 6.
"The same way a cast-iron pan has traces of all meals, a house has a sense memory of everything that's happened to it," she says. "You want to layer it with not just furniture, but with experiences."
In 1998, 25-year-old Armando Zabillaga and several other men were drinking and smoking marijuana in an abandoned Northwest Side building, according to police. Zabillaga doused one of the other men with lighter fluid and unsuccessfully attempted to set him on fire. Later that night, when the two men were alone, Zabillaga brutally stabbed the man numerous times, killing him. Witnesses saw Zabillaga flee the building covered in blood. He stole a car by threatening its driver with a blood-stained knife and escaped.
"It is a significant undertaking," says Heather Peters of Los Angeles, who sued Honda because her Civic Hybrid didn't meet its claims for gas mileage. She won $9,867 last month.
Some patient advocacy groups say the drug is an important new option to prevent HIV, alongside condoms, counseling and other measures. Last month, AIDS advocacy groups sent a letter to the FDA, urging approval of Truvada.
Not for the first time, Bieber has demonstrated good taste. "Call Me Maybe" is a perfect little pop confection. Everything about the record works: the wonderfully flirty lyrics, the cupcake-on-a-tray melody, the goofy disco beat and synthesized strings, even the Fisher-Price funk guitar that comes in midway through the chorus.
14850 SW Tracy Ann Ct; 1,503 square feet; on 3/6/2012 for $224,900
"I think it requires a lot of heavy lifting by the state now to justify this," he said.
Two years later, the twins, along with their mother, were shot to death in their south Sacramento home. The father committed suicide.
Eggers says 10 students from St. Charles High and 10 from St. Charles West will get tickets to attend, along with the St. Charles High choir, who will be singing the national anthem. The student newspaper also will get four press passes and a few other students will be there helping with logistics.
Aubrey Giles, 75, was reported missing from Midwest Rehab and Respiratory nursing home at 727 N. 17th Street at 7:30 p.m. Saturday. Giles' body was found Monday in a frozen ravine next to the nursing home.
His assessment, delivered at the close of a Latin American summit in Colombia, came after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday had said the U.S. and world powers gave Tehran a "freebie" by agreeing to hold more talks next month.
Can Bunbury keep his focus and find a way out of this slump so he can remain a key young contributor to Sporting Kansas City? That's a question I think we'll have an answer to by this time next month.
Hodges is up and around
While competitive driving can be a costly sport at the highest level, it's easy to get started on a budget. A few years ago, for instance, Kwasnik bought a horse, a carriage and a harness for $1,500.
Na Yeon Choi - whose initials led to her nickname of Big Apple - continued her sharp play with a 2-under-par 69 as she took a three-stroke lead over Stacy Lewis going into today's final round at Pumpkin Ridge Golf Club's Ghost Creek course.
Bartek had a third-row-center concert ticket that arrived anonymously in the mail. He never found out who sent it to him, but Halford knew where Bartek was sitting. He pointed at Bartek during the show and gave him a thumbs up. Bartek responded by holding up the album.
She said that generally in such situations, caseworkers will look in many places for missing children, including at home and at preschool or day care. They will also check with other social services agencies and law enforcement to see if they've had contacts with parents, she said.
Going back to the days immediately after the attack, spontaneous signs of hope could be seen at fairly unlikely locations: the overpasses that cross I-95 almost unnoticed.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said the central bank's easy-money policies are still needed to confront deep problems in the labor market, moving to reinforce his plan to keep interest rates low for years.
We've intervened before. The freshest local example -- currently halted by a federal appeals court -- is the killing of more than three dozen California sea lions at Bonneville Dam in the Columbia River because they devour thousands of salmon.
I'm in a new relationship now, of only a few months. We're already talking marriage. A lot of my friends think this is too soon. I did the standard waiting periods last time, but it didn't shield me from anything. Can you think of another reason to wait? - Seattle
There were no blockbuster Internet IPOs and just one Web deal (Google's purchase of YouTube) valued at more than $1 billion in the past year. But the flood of money and flurry of activity prompts the question: Is Web 2.0 another bubble or are the startups getting funded today more sound than ones created in the run-up to the last bust?
After some discussion, the officer dropped them off at the Leland Hotel, a twenty-two-story Beaux Arts building on Bagley Street, a few blocks from the stadium. There the rookies took an efficiency apartment for the night that eventually became their home for the rest of season.
"It takes one really bad event to lose a season ticket holder," DeGaris said. "It takes 20 years to build one."
"As a team, we are committed to getting our operational capabilities to the same level of execution and leadership as our brand and product, so that we can fully benefit from the demand of our consumer," CEO Kevin Plank told analysts during a conference call Tuesday.
"I've always liked him as a player but I think he's matured," Colangelo said. "He's a playmaker on the court. He makes plays, finishes and can flat out shoot. He's got good size and strength. His defense is OK. He's a quality player and guys play well with him. On top of that, he's got a great attitude."
After WWE RAW went off the air last night in Philadelphia, Cleveland's own The Miz came out to his music and told the Philly crowd to sit their fat, cheese-steak butts down and said the show is not over.
After serving in the Air Force, he returned to the restaurant for good. Now his son, Casey Daniels, 20, follows in the family footsteps. Among wing flavors which rotate on his or another restaurant's menu, "hot" is usually Mark's favorite flavor.
"They have made that offer to Sens. Lautenberg and Menendez, who through the Constitution of New Jersey are not empowered to make that decision," Christie said.
Beachwood, Pepper Pike, Mayfield Heights, Shaker Square and currently in Bainbridge Township.
George Wallace, who works on seabirds and island birds at the American Bird Conservancy, said the nene's prospects are so good they may move out of the endangered category.
Arguments against: No formal opposition has been filed. If the measure fails, taxpayers would save money.
Romo has even gotten caught up in the excitement, telling a crowd of more than 22,000 at the Alamodome for a kickoff event the night before training camp began that, "We'll see you at the Super Bowl in Dallas."
In the fabled city of Timbuktu, whose winding alleyways lined with mud homes fill with sand blown in from the Sahara, pictures of unveiled women have either been torn down or covered over with black paint, according to El Hadj Baba Haidara, a member of the Malian parliament for the city. The Islamists have also cut the signal for national TV broadcasts to the city because they consider the women not properly covered and don't approve of the music the station plays, Haidara said.
Fox, who recently returned from the disabled list, struck again in the seventh with another RBI double. He finished 2-for-3 with three RBIs in front of a crowd of 5,639 that included his parents.
Expect that same kind of performance from "Twang."
Brough, a 22-year police veteran, was shot on Nov. 10, 2006, while he and other officers stormed a home in Belleville looking for Larry Sicka, a double murder suspect. Sicka, who was alone in the home, committed suicide after the shooting.
But some things even the earthquake could not change.
"He's a man among boys," Ham says, swept up in the thought of Kenneth as a Euclid Panther.
Brown, who won his seat by campaigning against the law, says he still thinks it should be repealed.
U.S. automakers lagged behind their competitors. General Motors Co. averaged 20.6 mpg, followed by Ford Motor Co. with 20.3 mpg and Chrysler LLC with 19.2 mpg. GM and Ford were projected to show modest improvements in the next model year while Chrysler was expected to hold steady.
Sherry Llewellyn, a spokeswoman for Howard County police, said investigators also suspected the husband. But he did not consent to a search of the shed, and police lacked probable cause to obtain a search warrant, she said.
The body found Tuesday night in an abandoned casket in a former Indianapolis funeral home is that of an elderly woman who died in 2008.
5. Place the pepper on a cutting board and, using your fingers, gently slough off the charred skin. Store roasted peppers in a sealed container for several days or in a freezer for weeks.
This ranch sees little of the winter fog, so the vines are able to blossom, set fruit and harvest earlier. Family Tree Farms grows varieties for flavor, not just yield, and the Snow Chaser and Spring High varieties are some of the best early-season blues grown in North America.
When asked about taking the trips without approval from the council, Green said the city had a travel budget that dictated how much could be spent in that department.
The city's SWAT team spent several hours trying to get the man to surrender.
The official unemployment statistics do not take into account the underemployed, people involuntarily working part-time jobs or displaced workers who have stopped looking for employment.
But it has not been used across vast distances because of a risky quarter- to full-second lag time between the surgeon's movements and the robot's response.
We all know the answer. It's because marriage is simply a legal contract between two people. A marriage performed by a judge or court clerk is no less a marriage than one performed in a church, synagogue or mosque. You have to obtain a marriage license from the state in order to get married. If you want your god to be involved in your marriage contract, that is fine, but the U.S. Constitution gives me the right to keep her out of mine.
And the July 13-15, weekend will include fireworks, presentations and a concert, and three former Michigan governors will join Grand Hotel guests for a Grand Cocktail Reception and special dinner in the hotel's Main Dining Room.
In contrast, BlueSwarm and similar software lets users work their friends and families and, in turn, have them solicit their own network to build a donor tree with deep roots. The same technique applies to institutional fundraising used by colleges or social causes such as charity campaigns.
There was touted QB DeMarcus Smith, who was actually a late commit, and a late decommit, and then an acutal signee and then, well, we forgot what happened after that. Jermaine Reeve also waffled on the Knights and ended up at Louisville.
De Botton has offered another way of saying that, one that ideally will bridge a still-pervasive gap between devout worshipers and atheists.
After narrowly failing to pass a gay marriage bill this year, advocates in Maryland are putting together a savvy and high-powered campaign to persuade a few holdout delegates to embrace the issue. And they're aiming it straight at the constituency that may be key to the legislation's chances in the General Assembly and at the ballot box if it is petitioned to referendum: African-Americans.
That will be a hard sell to property owners facing tax increases or employees who lose their jobs to balance the budget.
If coaching college track doesn't work out, Harrison has options. He could resume coaching a club track team. He could return to teaching music. He is on a leave of absence from OES, where he directed a popular jazz band.
SALT LAKE CITY - Sensitive data that was compromised in a massive health records breach had been lingering on state computers for months, contrary to the standard procedure that it be erased within a day of being submitted, according to Utah officials.
One of the best side-effects of the project will be its impact on community life, Cardin said. Where healthy trees appear, a vision of play spaces, gathering spots and art projects develops in tandem with nature's transformation.
Board President Carlos Mendoza, among others, has criticized the two-petition strategy as confusing and on Wednesday called the rescissions "justified."
"We're concerned that this ordinance will create a dynamic that with the lack of available shelters will lead to the criminalization of being homeless," Parvensky said.
Favorite subject: Chemistry and English. "Chemistry because it comes natural to me and is extremely interesting, and English because it is a challenge."
Kebabs stand out
For the mango-ginger syrup: Peel mango and roughly cut flesh off the seed. Use a spoon to scrape the skin off the ginger and roughly slice into smaller pieces. In a medium-size sauce pan over medium heat, combine the mango flesh and seed, ginger, sugar, water and lime juice and bring to a boil. Turn the heat down, and let simmer until the liquid reduces by half and has a syrupy consistency, about 30 minutes. Take off the heat, let cool and strain, discarding the solids. The syrup will keep refrigerated for a week.
"The first time I did it was a real eye-opener for me," Workman said. "It was just a pull in the heart."
The 38-year-old Nash, already a member of Canada Basketball's Council of Excellence, won't be paid for the position.
Longtime Stratford star Brian Bedford, who is playing Lady Bracknell in "The Importance of Being Earnest" this season, helped develop a one-man show that has him reading from Wilde's letters in his sonorous mid-Atlantic accent, glasses sliding down his aquiline nose just so.
"The prospects of an unknown effect on plant health is much more exciting" than working on existing challenges for urban trees such as soil compaction, says Kevin T. Smith, a tree physiologist and pathologist for the U.S. Forest Service's Northern Research Station. "The effects from Wi-Fi would seem to be pretty low, and hard to detect, without screening out" other factors.
This year, over 2,000 prints from some 20 presses, publishers and dealers will be on display, for prices ranging from the affordable to the downright indulgent. "It's a lot of stuff," said Ann Shafer, assistant curator of prints, drawings and photographs at the museum.
Point Loma's Aaron Watkins (San Jose State).
From the moment results of absentee votes were revealed about 7:30 p.m., it was fairly clear McGinty would prevail over former assistant county prosecutor Stephanie Hall, former Cleveland law director Robert Triozzi, former city law director Subodh Chandra and defense attorney James McDonnell.
Yet if results are favorable in the second quarter, Stovall noted, it's usually because of a strong performance in April.
He moved to his cabin in 1968 at the age of 52. Proenneke lived alone until 1998 in what is now Lake Clark National Park and Preserve. He also filmed his adventures, which have been turned into DVDs and were aired on PBS. He died in 2003.
Economic reports released Monday had a good-news, bad-news flavor. On balance they're another confirmation that Oregon is gaining at least some recovery from the worst slump since the Depression.
Thornton indicated he would probably have a private word with Perron on the ice, if he has the chance.
Now, many teachers calculate a student's grade without regard for homework. They reserve that for a separate section of the report card that asks if "students complete homework on time."
Mountain Vista 2, Cherry Creek 1 (penalty strokes)
"Everyone's just pouring blessing on them," she said.
Kevin Palencar, Eldersburg
The Forstmann penthouse at 2 E. 70th St. was never officially listed and instead was marketed as a so-called whisper listing. Brokers said the second co-op at the top of 730 Park Ave. at East 71st Street may also go into contract without being publicly listed, since they said billionaire would-be buyers have already been sometimes crossing paths in the lobby.
The vessel's crew was working to cool the pins, said Seth Preston, spokesman for the Washington state Ecology Department. The two vessels, now about 40 miles off the Astoria coast, are known as an articulated tug barge. The powerful tug powers and steers the barge from the stern.
"So, what are you saying, Stephen," one industry insider said in mock shock, when I told him about this story. "That the American movie audience is getting stupider?"
Both Santorum and Gingrich have devoted followers among the GOP's conservative base, a group that has been skeptical of Romney due to the former Massachusetts' governor's changing views on issues like health care, abortion and same-sex marriage.
That's important, said Davis Roots co-founder Anthony Costello, an entrepreneur and former Davis business and economic development commissioner.
All lobbyist gifts would be outlawed under a sweeping ethics bill filed today by Rep. Jason Kander, D-Kansas City. Other changes would include strict limits on campaign contributions and money-laundering, and a ban on legislators working as political consultants.
In the study, the scientists injected the animals with antibodies that bind to CD47 and block out its protective signal.
At $183,000, the seller took a loss on the property, a two-bedroom unit at the Riverbend Condominiums on West 10th Street. But he was able to sell it quickly, due to lack of competition from similar condos - and picking the right price range, said Ted Theophylactos, the Howard Hanna Realtor who handled the sale.
Kaplan said the investigation into the attack is ongoing and that preliminary findings indicate the assault "was not racially motivated," but rather was a random attack. He said no weapons were used.
But presidential eloquence alone won't save these Iraqis. There is one obvious way to clear the logjam: an airlift to remove our Iraqi friends from danger.
The march will benefit the United Way Front Line Fund, which supports military families as they cope with the financial and emotional stress.
Among the other findings of county management and budget officials:
The 1,800 members of Morocco's judges' club, a banned but tolerated association, signed the petition calling for the pledges to be fulfilled.
The rental market is the tightest it's been in more than a decade, with only 5.2% of apartments nationwide vacant at the end of 2011, down from a high of 8% in 2009, according to real-estate data firm Reis.
First of all, how perfect was it to make Roger the first "Mad Men" character to trip on LSD? Even better than Pete. Because the following happened when a seemingly boring dinner party that angry-couple Roger and Jane attended turned into a trip:
Dannielynn, in case you've forgotten, is named after half-brother Daniel, who died from a lethal combination of drugs after collapsing in his mother's hospital room in the Bahamas three days after Dannielynn's birth. Anna Nicole was 39 when she was found dead in a Florida hotel room.
YouTube was swamped with pirated video in its early days, outraging television broadcasters and movie studios. The rampant violations prompted Viacom Inc. to sue Google and YouTube for $1 billion in damages, but a federal judge concluded Google and YouTube had followed the law in a ruling earlier this year. Viacom plans to appeal that decision Friday.
The subpoena, upheld by a judge earlier this week, pertains to the case of a Kansas City priest, the Rev. Michael Tierney, accused of sexually abusing a minor. But attorneys representing the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests said the subpoena could have sweeping implications, potentially making public previously confidential information from those who have disclosed abuse allegations to the organization.
James A. Johnson
Allied Waste Services and IESI last month submitted the low bids for the contracts to serve their respective districts.
"To get in there, you have to do something musically that changed the world.
Emanuel's leverage: Park Grill operators James Horan and Matthew A. O'Malley want to sell the remainder of the 20-year concession agreement to Levy Restaurants for $8.8 million - but they need permission from Emanuel's Chicago Park District board.
The veterinary board also sent a letter to Dittoe last summer, cautioning him after he admitted in a letter to the board that he let an Animal House worker assist in neutering the worker's dog.
Northwest Flyfishers Club: Second Annual Gear Swap and Garage Sale, 9 a.m.-2 p.m. March 31. Sam Cox Building, Glenn Otto Park, Troutdale. 503-539-8894.
Josh Comer (14 kills) and Sean Benedict (eight kills) also shined against O'Fallon.
Elaine Pardoe, founder of CLEER, Community for Lake Elkhorn's Eventual Restoration, said "we have many decades to make up for."
"There are so many aspects of this story that make this a story that people want to share and want to tell," social media guru Peter Shankman told The Times. "Fifty years ago, you could have shared it, but your reach would have been much smaller. You would have shared it with your friend, or at work, or in a letter to the editor. What's new is everyone having the ability to do that at their fingertips."
On Tuesday, birds flooded ashore on the Long Beach Peninsula and on beaches as far south as Cannon Beach, prompting an outpouring of calls to the Wildlife Center of the North Coast near Astoria.
Tran was also accused of attempting to kill both of her children the same way, prosecutors said.
Around 6:30 p.m., more than a half hour before the first pitch, McIntire led this long, 1,100-pound red, white and blue creature with 700 legs slowly from the right-field tunnel beneath the State Farm sign.
Athletic bio: AP All-State honorable mention ... Academic All-American Basketball Showcase ... IBCA All-State Basketball Team special mention ... SICA All-South Team ... IHSA State 3-point shooting contest ... Benton Invitational All-Tourney Team ... Mater Dei All-Tourney Team ... Okawville All-Tourney Team ... Belleville News Democrat All-Area Team ... Abaselineview.com All-South Team ... 1,000+ career basketball points ... OHS Assists Award ... team captain ... Ramey Showcase- St. Louis second team ... Illinois Bears AAU Team/Nike Gym Rats Kentucky- Tourney Champs and Chicago Hoops Showcase Silver Champs.
Tabbachino also agreed to forfeit about $32,000.
GEMINI (May 20-June 19): It's hard to stay true to the spirit of debate when people say hurtful things. Rise above it. Their approach may be clumsy, but everyone deserves to be heard.
A covered porch took shape this week on a big tin building under construction on Texas 237, just southwest of Round Top.
Several major bones compose the skull of a newborn (two frontal, two parietal and one occipital). The bones are connected by fibrous material called sutures. A fontanelle is the same fibrous connection where more than two cranial bones unite. A newborn has six fontanelles, but the most prominent is the anterior fontanelle, also called the soft spot, or the junction between the two frontal and two parietal bones.
The Indians loaded the bases in the ninth, but Hector Santiago got Lou Marson to ground out to end the game.
"They said I had evidence that I was part of some DDoS attack," he said, referring to what's known as a "distributed denial of service." It is when computers are used to overwhelm a website with page requests.
We're looking for people who really know the Jersey Shore to contribute photos, videos and tips to NJ.com's Jersey Shore section this summer. Here's your chance to show the world what the real Jersey Shore is all about:
Governor Cuomo said, "Today government worked. Days of preparation and coordination prevented much injury and loss. The MTA will begin resumption of subway service Monday morning. I applaud the good work of the thousands of MTA professionals, National Guard and first responders for their advanced planning. Suspending service allowed the MTA to secure equipment, thus expediting the return to service. None of us should underestimate the damage caused by Hurricane Irene. One thing we can all be proud of is how New Yorkers came together as one. In the darkest hours New Yorkers shine the brightest. They did once again."
Indianapolis ... 13-0 ... at Jacksonville, N.Y. Jets, at Buffalo
On one visit our overly friendly waiter who, like many of his compatriots working the floor, has years of experience from other restaurants, told us how Chiarello created a tumbler that spins and tenderizes the octopus for one of the signature dishes, a marvelous blend of the wood-grilled seafood draped over olive oil-braised potatoes, piquant pickled red onions and salsa verde ($13). On another visit, the waiter pointed out that the polenta in a signature appetizer came from heirloom seeds from Venice. The fantasy fuels the imagination, but in reality the Polenta Under Glass ($12) didn't work all that well. It has a clever presentation, served in a jar topped with mushrooms and a balsamic game sauce. The polenta has an incredible texture and flavor, but the balsamic syrup that covers the top mutes the great qualities of the ingredients. Balsamic also rendered the rabbit sugo with garganelli ($19) too intense and left a syrupy sweetness on the aftertaste.
The official announcement comes this morning at 10 a.m.
The rival treatments are expensive, with a course of Yervoy costing $120,000. Most patients will take Zelboraf for about six months at an estimated cost of $56,400, Roche said. The genetic test identifying skin-cancer patients with the BRAF mutation will cost $120-$150, the company said.
The defendants are among 30 who were indicted in the case that spans from Minnesota to Ohio and Tennessee. The jury of six men and six women deliberated over five days this week before returning the verdict. The other defendants were severed from the trial and could face trial at a later date.
Christie has talked tough on high public salaries, ripping into the former executive director of the Passaic Valley Sewerage Commission for making $313,000 while the governor earns $175,000. But while he has also proposed allowing workers to take only one public salary, the idea does not apply to public employees who already have pensions.
Oh, yeah, and she's doing gymnastics again.
"And especially as he says in the book and then publicly that the reconnection came when I was ill," Vera Katz says. "The realization that Mom needs her child at this point in her life."
One more anecdote about the world's most beloved mouse: Walt Disney's original name for the character was Mortimer. "But when he took the idea to his wife, Lillian, she said no," L'Heureux told us. "She suggested Mickey. Why? Because before Lillian met Walt, she dated a man named Mickey."
In the crowd, Linn Lieuallen of Portland holds a sign bearing the faces of two of her sisters, bald and smiling. All four sisters, plus their mom, started walking in 1999, the year the oldest sister was diagnosed. This year, they are missing their mom, who is laid up with a broken ankle, and their oldest sister who died in 2005 of breast cancer. Yet, they carry on.
British media widely reported they had jetted off to the Seychelles, an island chain in the Indian Ocean. William has two weeks leave from his job as a search-and-rescue helicopter pilot, but palace officials would not say if they will be away the entire two weeks.
Meet Doug Martin. He is the Boise State running back overshadowed by teammate Kellen Moore, as the Broncos quarterback won more college games than any other in NCAA history.
Post your nominations for your favorite boardwalk game by posting in the comments, leaving a comment on our Facebook page or tweeting your choice at us at @NJdotcom with the hashtag #shorefavorites. We'll take your nominations, compile the ones most often suggested and post a poll on Tuesday. Then you get to vote for your favorite boardwalk game. The one with the most votes will be announced next week.
In addition to pacing the Hawks in scoring, he grabbed 11 rebounds, dished out three assists, came up with three steals and blocked three shots - all while playing more than 31 minutes, far more than the Hawks intended.
1:49 - Aldridge free throws (109-96)
"There's no place like Portland," Johnston said. "It does have this tinge of strange."
And "Bernard," a husky military veteran. Steven Gunther, 24, wondered what the man had seen in his service.
Tagines are just one key element in Wadi's savvy remake of his five-year-old Warehouse District restaurant. At this reboot, all traces of formality (and its roommate, Gold Card prices, not that Saffron has ever been particularly expensive) are gone, replaced by an emphasis on meant-to-be-shared plates sold at mostly affordable prices. Oh, and fun. Tons of it.
Sea birds were all the rage last week in Northeast Ohio. While I was enjoying the ornithological view of the Atlantic Ocean from a lofty overlook at Cape Ann, Massachusetts, birders who stuck closer to home were picking up many of the same species I was seeing.
Pangilinan said he chatted with his grandfather about those memories on cross-country road trips. The chats inspired him to want to work for Brown.
As you raise the bar, you also raise expectations.
The goal is to whittle a pool of 100 people to 12 jurors and four alternates.
Ashley Moffatt, a Highland High senior and center fielder on the varsity softball team, said she was Meagan's "partner in crime" during softball season. She said Meagan's death has been hard on everyone, but the team has come together and "we're all best friends now, putting our differences aside."
Maruca arrived at Bemis in 1985 and during his tenure climbed the ranks from a maintenance engineer to the top post of overseeing the plant.
conversations are essential evidence of the insider trading
Neither Stuart nor Alexandrine Harris lived in a contemporary style home while growing up. But as Europeans (Stuart is from the United Kingdom and Alexandrine is from France) they were steeped in modern design.
Social Security disability would have meant about $1,000 more each month, and about $41,000 in back payments.
Since his diagnosis in 2010, Rose has had chemotherapy and surgery to remove his esophagus and construct a new one from his stomach.
Basic needs -- like food, clothes and housing -- might be greater now than earlier in the recession, but so too is the St. Louis community's ability to rise to the occasion, said Danny Ludeman, the chief executive of Wells Fargo Advisors and the chairman of this year's United Way campaign.
Administration officials declined to provide specific details on how they arrived at the new estimate or what would be included in the deeper cuts. The video was released by Brown's campaign team for his November ballot measure to increase the income tax on high earners and the sales tax on everyone.
Matheny, managing the ninth inning Wednesday against the Astros as if it were a regular-season game, took out Eduardo Sanchez with two runners on and one out. Lefthander R.J. Swindle walked the only hitter he faced, but righthander Chuckie Fick got two outs with the bases loaded and Houston didn't score.
Mothershead had brought the eye drops to the hospital, and a staff member later opened the drops and noticed a foul odor. Investigators sent the drops to the Food and Drug Administration's Forensic Chemistry Lab for analysis. The lab determined the drops contained bleach.
After that Florida trip, I asked my then-secretary (a longtime North County person) if she was a fan of Turner's. "No, Dwyer's," she said. Dwyer's? Darn, another one I'd never heard of. How many neighborhood frozen custard stands could this town support?
"Is pumpkin pie look like trouble?" he'd sigh.
I confessed I was writing a column on encroachment and wanted to find out how such requests were treated. My HOA was equally quick and clear when I asked to build a deck on their slope below my property. "This would not be approved."
How are your subscription numbers?
13. ARIZONA (8-8)
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and saute until fragrant, about 2 minutes, taking care that it does not burn. Add shrimp and saute until pink on all sides, about 2 minutes. Depending on the size of the pan, you may need to do this in 2 rounds. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
"Maybe the rest of them don't buy anything online," Department of Revenue spokeswoman Sue Hofer said, not entirely seriously.
However, he disagrees with the city's proposal for the Walmart to give the developer 50 percent of the incremental increase in sales tax money for the TIF plan, which is expected to last 10 to 14 years. ,
Tony Stephens, the mall's manager, said about 17 of the ArtSpace tenants are being retained. He declined to say which ones or how they were chosen.
In May 2010, six days before St. Patrick was to close, Schulte-Singleton, wired with a hidden tape recorder, had a meeting with Lennon at the diocese's offices in downtown Cleveland.
"I was driving back from Virginia 10 1/2 hours," Ward said. "I was in the Eastern Am. And so I just drove back yesterday and today I played."
Sayers, who like Rose was introverted as a young professional athlete, also had advice for Rose in terms of handling the emotional stress.
The president hailed an agreement to shift about 9,000 Marines stationed on the Japanese island of Okinawa.
To celebrate the grand re-opening there will be a visit by Ronald McDonald, a ribbon-cutting ceremony and performance by the Rahway High School Marching Band, and prize raffles and giveaways. The restaurant will also offer various weekly specials, discounts and other promotions.
After reaching a tentative deal with GM, the UAW decided to focus on Ford rather than on Chrysler.
One recent morning on the job, Deleano Seymour, who leads walking tours of the Tenderloin, came upon "a California version of Lourdes. ... While touring Leavenworth between Eddy and O'Farrell, we discovered six pair of abandoned crutches, three canes, one walker and a wheelchair. Maybe street drugs work."
Wayne State University Orchestra: Mondays at the Max featuring conductor Kypros Markou and "Scheherazade" by Rimsky-Korsakov, 7:30 p.m. Mon. Max M. Fisher Music Center, 3711 Woodward, Detroit. 313-576-5111. $15, $10 students.
In the press release decrying "Jersey Shore," Vitale doesn't detail any specific reason he thinks MTV may have violated labor laws. MTV did not have an immediate response to the new charges.
Tuesday, inside the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, Fudge twice kneeled to the granite ground, overcome by emotion. In tones just above a whisper, he talked about the carnage, "the blood" and "the bodies."
15375 NW Aberdeen Dr; 1,834 square feet; on 3/13/2012 for $250,000
Comment: Rested Falcons aim for their fifth AHA Tournament title in the past six years.
With the Bears needing to win at least two of their final three games - and probably all three, including next week at Green Bay - the focus is on Hanie.
The Campaign for Primary Accountability, a super PAC that opposes incumbents and had planned to help defeat Burton, reported Wednesday spending $64,627 in mailings and Internet ads for McIntosh.
These dispatchers work out of the Harford County Emergency Operations Center building, also commonly referred to as the 911 Center, off of Ady Road in Hickory and even though the center employs 70 dispatchers, Emergency Manager Rick Ayers said there's a need for more.
On my last day in Iceland, I visited the Blue Lagoon. Riding past fields filled with nothing but moss-covered, holey black lava rocks, I saw the steam first, a long plume of white in the still-dark sky at 9 a.m. I'd booked a package that included a trip to the lagoon followed by drop-off at the airport. Entrance alone is about $22; I paid about $34 for the bus trip and entrance, plus $4 to rent a plush turquoise towel, which matched the plastic bracelet that gave me access to a locker in the spotless changing room.
Bryan Shaw and David Hernandez kept Washington off the boards the rest of the way. As for the offense, Justin Upton had two hits and two RBI, while Miguel Montero and John McDonald finished with two hits and an RBI apiece. Paul Goldschmidt had three hits and scored a run for Arizona, which has won three in a row and six of nine games. Aaron Hill has reached base safely in 18 straight games.
The jitneys also battle the larger buses. At the transfer station at 30th Street in Union City, jitneys line up on the right corner of a one-way road, forcing NJ Transit buses to turn onto the left lane. On a recent morning, a bus jackknifed as it maneuvered through the tight space, causing a major traffic jam.
What really happened is that greedy, incompetent and corrupt Democrats sued the state controller and, predictably, found some sympathetic judge to rule in their favor. Now, the Democrats in the Legislature determine whether their fake budgets are balanced so they can get paid.
Last year, they were featured in a lengthy article in Harper's magazine.
Julie A. Rosen R/24 Y
Assemble an alternate Taste using local restaurants? Did it. A back-and-forth between me and a Taste first-timer? Yep.
Outside, 2,400 native plants and 10 rain gardens spruce up the area, along with a new patio.
The number of tents along a strip of Broadway where Occupy Denver demonstrators are protesting continues to grow even as the Colorado State Patrol has warned against camping out.
Concerns over the European debt crisis and the volatile stock market have made U.S. Treasury debt more attractive. And mortgage rates tend to follow the yield on U.S. Treasury debt.
Lawson said White's decision to retire instead of fighting to win his job back gives the university a chance to recruit new leadership for the band.
617 COUNTRY SQUIRE CIR $230,000
Consider the state's prison guard union, the California Correctional Peace Officer Association.
Arthroscopic surgery was being considered on one or both knees, which would have set Clayton back for another five or six weeks. So the Rams decided to place Clayton on IR.
He had a no-hitter through 2 1/3 innings before being ejected in the third for hitting Mike Moustakas in response to Shin-Soo Choo getting hit by Jonathan Sanchez in the top of the inning. A couple days later MLB suspended him for five games.
This was selective and improper prosecution, meant to silence a messenger, homeless protester Tim Osmar, simply because the city didn't like his message.
A decision on whether to sue or not will be made in coming weeks, the news service said.
Looking ahead, Express Scripts expects the combined company to earn $3.36 to $3.66 per share in 2012, while filling 1.4 billion adjusted prescriptions.
Becker Furniture World will open its fifth metro-area store -- its seventh in Minnesota -- this fall with an outlet at Woodbury Commons, said Rick Plessner, vice president of Inland Real Estate Corp's Minnesota leasing and portfolio management team. The company owns the shopping complex at 10150 Hudson Road in Woodbury.
Wolfe says he and his business partner, brewmaster Florian Kuplent, have no timeline for adding other Urban Chestnut beer styles to their bottle lineup. They also are not planning to introduce other bottle sizes to their portfolio.
He knew his upstairs neighbor as "Miss Ray." She and her daughter were friendly and often had family and friends stopping in to visit, he said.
Still, TMZ broke the news of Jackson's death, Michael Richards' racist rant and Mel Gibson's DUI.
"We plan on appealing the judgment that is in process, and the court is still considering our invalidity defense," said Anthony Ciepiel, Vita-Mix's vice president of sales and marketing.
Scientists have long suspected that CECs can become trouble makers when they become sickly. But their true impact only became obvious as advances in technology made it possible for researchers to more clearly see and analyze the cells. The newest version of the blood test genetically confirms the presence of sick CECs.
UnitedHealth Group Inc. 101.9
Karen Mills, head of the U.S. Small Business Administration, lead the discussion along with AOL co-founder Steve Case, who was recently chosen by President Obama to lead a campaign to increase private-sector investments in startup companies and small business.
In addition to Hargate's city, District 6 encompasses Bentleyville, Brecksville, Broadview Heights, Brooklyn Heights, Chagrin Falls, Chagrin Falls Township, Cuyahoga Heights, Gates Mills, Glenwillow, Hunting Valley, Independence, Mayfield, Mayfield Heights, Moreland Hills, Newburgh Heights, Oakwood, Pepper Pike, Solon, Valley View and Walton Hills.
The Department of Health website, http://www.aahealth.org, offers information on school health services for the 2011-2012 school year. The page provides information on bullying, keeping kids smoke-free, flu prevention, treatment of head lice and communicable diseases, and more.
And how did they do?
3532 N Baldwin St ; 698 square feet; $172,000
Gas masks, flags
For two years, the young engineers have worked side by side in a secluded unit where they design and thoroughly test ironclad security systems for the largest aerospace company in the world. Boeing's systems need to be capable of staving off hackers and keeping safe some of the nation's most prized intellectual property.
The lady is the daughter of Vera Burks and Anthony Dixon.
Loch Capital is run by brothers Timothy and Todd McSweeney. The brothers have been linked in news reports to hedge-fund manager Steven Fortuna. Fortuna pleaded guilty last year to charges stemming from an earlier insider trading investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Mirkarimi was sentenced last month to a three years of probation, 100 hours of public service and 52 weeks of domestic violence classes and was ordered to pay $590 in fines and fees.
I was sure that my mom had just suffered a momentary setback that could easily be explained, but it wasn't to be. From that day forward, her condition began to deteriorate. At first, my sister cared for her on her own. Then we hired staff to care for her in her home, and finally, she moved into one of my assisted living residences. She had become one of my customers.
Cowan also said he does not intend to take $10,807 in additional performance-based pay that is available should he reach certain goals set for him by the board. But he did successfully negotiate an additional $100 a month for an automobile allowance, an additional $1,000 annually for professional membership fees and an additional $2,000 annually to cover the cost of participating in civic groups such as the Mesa Chamber of Commerce.
The SEC says Robert Pinkas, 58, also misappropriated $173,000 in client money to pay his legal expenses in the case.
The incident began about 12:50 a.m. Friday.
The department also is facing renewed criticism for its handling of the Oct. 25 protests after a recently published internal report revealed that the officer in charge of the protests that night, Capt. Paul Figueroa, also heads up the Internal Affairs Division, responsible for investigating citizen complaints.
The federal government has approved some forms of silicone for cosmetic use but not liquid silicone or gel for injection into the body.
And figures like that have kept the industry from becoming too perturbed: An index from the National Assn. of Home Builders has housing market confidence measuring at a nearly five-month high.
However, leaving Chen in China is risky for President Barack Obama because Washington will now be seen as party to an agreement on Chen's safety that it does not have the power to enforce.
1 1/2 cups red pepper, brunoise
Many of the vulnerabilities described in this scenario are known and are being addressed -- the Transbay Tube and BART system are undergoing seismic retrofit, as is the Hetch Hetchy water system. A new eastern span of the Bay Bridge is under construction. Cities and counties offer retrofit plans and incentives for homeowners. And communities throughout the Bay Area are updating their disaster plans and mutual aid policies as they apply for a new round of federal Homeland Security grants.
Putin, as promised, began his new presidential term by formally nominating Medvedev as his prime minister. The parliament, where the Kremlin party holds a majority, was to vote on his nomination on Tuesday.
"In Aspen, I know, people are skiing in the morning and then walking around town in the afternoon and enjoying the mountain," Sherman said.
"We may start getting some guys 60 and 70 minutes in a game," Spencer said. "We'll see how it goes with injuries and if we're nice and healthy and getting guys back, then we'll start to try guys a little bit longer."
Discussion of education and the teachers union was discussed little aside from the public segment. Christie mentioned his interest in a broad expansion of charter schools and did not touch on potential salary cuts to superintendents of public schools.
A company must sign contracts with both the city and IndyCar in order to manage a race.
Banna could have a future in public relations. He also landed a spot on a local TV morning show, along with some radio appearances. He and Esquivel also utilized their Facebook pages to seek votes. The whole thing paid off, with the two winning after more than 44,000 votes were cast.
Gameday Merchandising will acquire merchandise -- scarves, hats, T-shirts, jerseys and the rest -- through manufacturers to sell for the Major League Soccer club and hire the workers to sell it.
Roscoe and his medical team in Kabul didn't have the sophisticated equipment to pinpoint Qudrat's heart condition, but they recognized it was too complicated for any nearby hospital to correct.
On Wednesday, Mark-Viverito plans to introduce the Car Wash Accountability Act, which would require all city washes to get a yearly license from the city Consumer Affairs Department.
Democrats also cite Romney's call for tax cuts for the wealthy (along with other income groups) and his statements that he was a "severely conservative" governor of Massachusetts and "the ideal candidate" for the tea party movement.
When: The park opens at 6 a.m. daily and closes at 8p.m. Sundays-Thursdays and at 10 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays.
The murder is listed as a gang-related homicide, though it is still unclear how the gang affiliation played into Harber's death. No arrests have been made.
Granite City jumped on the board with two out in the first when Spanberger smacked a 3-2 pitch over the fence in right for his second home run of the season.
"There was a lively debate, and there were various points discussed that shall remain in the meeting," said Pruett, the chief in Bellefontaine Neighbors. Despite that characterization, he insisted there is no controversy among chiefs on the topic.
Staff and bond committee members suggest the majority of the technology funds, about $30.1 million, go toward updating classroom devices, such as desktop computers, laptops, tablet computers and projector screens.
The Mississippi spared Kentucky and northwestern Tennessee any catastrophic flooding and no deaths have been reported there, but some low-lying towns and farmland along the banks of the big river have been inundated with water. And there's tension farther south in the Mississippi Delta and Louisiana, with the river's crest continuing a lazy pace, leaving behind what could be a slow-developing disaster.
Lie. Lie. Lie.
For now, the city continues to function, said Wilkerson, the mayor of St. George who had the slogan "Save us from our city" emblazoned on the back window of her car.
Tuesday is predicted to be the hottest day of the heat wave period, with temperatures reaching 102 degrees.
The only problem was that the slope was awfully steep.
Smart, a native of Oregon, Wis., a small town near Madison, also would be returning to his Midwestern roots. His wife, writer Maya Payne, earned a master's degree in journalism from Northwestern. Their first child, daughter Zora, was born in September.
The new $3.8 million effort follows a two-year, $2.1 million project that provided cash, volunteers and supplies for various schools and programs.
Total cost of launch services for the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellites-R and S, or GOES-R and GOES-S, is about $446 million.
Fosbury won the Olympic gold medal in Mexico City, Caruthers the silver and Brown finished fifth.
Fernandez had perhaps his best game of the season, blending no-look passes with three pointers on the way to 13 points, five rebounds and three assists. Cunningham added 10 points of 5-of-6 shooting and Matthews (nine points) and Armon Johnson (six points, four assists) had their moments.
What happened: It was hard to believe. Without allowing a hit, Jose Valverde got into a bases-loaded jam with a 6-4 lead in the ninth. With two out, Jesus Montero hit a foul ball down the rightfield line. Rightfielder Don Kelly, on the run, reached into the stands to catch the ball and then tumbled into them. He held on, and so thus did the Tigers for Justin Verlander's third win.
Daryoush Payman LLC, 3710 Lake Center Drive, Mount Dora, 32757.
The department extended the deadline to Jan. 27.
"If he didn't have something to engage him, he would go crazy sitting around," DeWitt said. "He's just not the kind of person who's happy sitting down and watching TV for an extended period of time."
CLARK'S REVVED UP
(DIY) Sweat Equity -- Josh and John want to renovate their chopped-up basement.
The fact that the word "marriage" does have meaning - in law and in the way a relationship is viewed in this society - is exactly why it is important to end this entrenched discrimination against couples who are trying to care for each other and their children without government-created impediments.
Former Rockie Juan Pierre had the best reason for choosing Jay-Z and Beyonce's "Deja Vu." He was featured in the lyrics.
At the time, Booker echoed similar sentiments, saying, "Barack Obama is going to help ensure that the American dream - as bold and broad as it is - is accessible to all Americans."
He pushes his employees by asking them to put down their material goals on a bulletin board in the company's headquarters.
Obama, standing before a sea of paratroopers wearing maroon berets, thanked the troops returning from Iraq and hailed the country's steps toward creating an independent, democratic state.
All Pacifica Democrats meetings are open to the general public. It is neither necessary to be a member nor a Democrat to attend. Doors open at 9 a.m. Seating is between 9 a.m. and 9:30 a.m. Meeting runs between 9:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m.
The World Church's troubles started when Hale was sued for trademark infringement and eventually jailed for plotting to kill Lefkow, who was handling the trademark infringement case.
7903 Royal Arms Ct, $108,000
And both said travel demand appears to be holding up, suggesting that planes will be full and fares will be higher for the busy summer travel season.
"It's not the lazy bunch," said Zenobia Williams, executive director of the Maryland Community Action Partnership, which advocates for policies that support working families. "It's hard-working Marylanders who just can't make ends meet."
Santorum's campaign said Friday that 3-year-old Bella had been returned to the hospital. She has the rare genetic condition Trisomy 18 and was hospitalized earlier this year with pneumonia.
I got an idea: Why don't they join a union? That is what unions do. A female laborer gets the same pay as a male laborer in the construction industry. A female truck driver gets the same pay as a male truck driver. A female crane operator gets the same pay as a male crane operator.
"Carmichael's house was also Cody, I believe, and they liked Cody's architectural style," Mavis said.
Quinn reportedly said Tebow had a "lot of luck" and that the way Tebow expressed his faith didn't seem humble to him. He later apologized, a gesture Fox said shows the two have a close relationship. (AP)
That two-semester detour, she said, cost $9,000 in financial aid and loans, making it difficult to get aid at Lewis and Clark.
Under the proposal, visitors would pay admission and board vans at the B&O Museum, then be driven the half-mile to the Poe House, which they would tour in groups of 12 to 15. Part of the B&O Museum's gift shop would be dedicated to Poe-related merchandise.
Forster: Billecart Salmon Rose NV (France). Forget whatever you think you know about pink champagne. This elegant rose, made mostly from Grand Cru vineyards, is salmon-colored with flavors of strawberry and citrus, as well as floral hints. Sipping this pink sparkler with chocolate-covered strawberries is guaranteed to make for a memorable experience. $89.99.
(Mercury; four CDs)
Julius Kosgei of Searcy, Ark., won the men's division in 2:28:37.
Franklin, 69, will attend the show, although she is not scheduled to perform. She will receive the American Music Masters award and an honorary doctorate as part of the festivities, presented by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum and Case Western Reserve University.
Pitching by Scott Christopherson, Gill and Matzek closed the door for Western.
IN the old days, this was a swell place to be a pirate and a terrible place to be a witch. That was back when this wind-scoured Caribbean port was a hub of the Inquisition and the Spanish Empire's gold trade in the New World.
The final winner of the day was Wild Squirrel Nut Butter, a Tualatin-based specialty peanut butter, which secured the audience vote and a market research package.
Samuel DeMaio, the city's acting police director, is expected to host a press conference at 1 p.m. to discuss the details of the holiday weekend violence, according to a City Hall spokeswoman.
The rookie said he plans to work out with Duncan again this summer. Thompson also is expected to train with former Cavs center Zydrunas Ilgauskas, now a special assistant to general manager Chris Grant.
Coleman said he didn't do anything grossly demonstrative: "I looked over, and he smiled and waved. I was just acknowledging the president, who was acknowledging our band."
100 BACKSTROKE
Right now, the closed and covered landfill, which stretches nearly 240 acres and holds an estimated 14 million tons of garbage, is operated by Metro, the regional government. The hill covering the defunct landfill has become an integral piece of Metro's Smith and Bybee Wetlands Natural Area.
It has improved weather info, plus more videos and photos to enjoy on your mobile device.
If the president doesn't like that answer, he is welcome to have some of his congressional flunkies start impeachment proceedings against whichever justices displease him.
"We're also very aware we're not much different than about 12, 15 other teams that'll be competing for it that have legitimate chances to win it. What are we going to do differently to separate ourselves?"
"This is for everyone who works on a dream every day."
Heat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the garlic and chiles and stir-fry until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the ground peanuts and stir until they release some of their natural oil, about 5 minutes more.
Especially when you buy a huge, isolated historic mansion down a dirt road in the dales.
Faculty and parent volunteers are expecting more than 2,000 visitors on the 15-acre campus Saturday, April 21, for a free, family-friendly celebration of the written word. The day offers opportunities to meet more than 40 authors, participate in panel discussions, preview the latest best-sellers and browse through thousands of new and gently used books.
Six months after getting spine surgery or receiving long-acting analgesic injections to the lower back, 14 of the original 18 subjects came back for more brain scans and cognitive tests. While several regions of the brain remained thinner compared with controls, one region of the brain--the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex--appeared to have regenerated itself in the treated subjects, and was no longer thinner than the same region in the brains of the control group. During a challenging cognitive test, the differences in brain activation that had separated the chronic pain sufferers from the healthy controls also disappeared.
This was, after all, the History Colorado Center's grand-opening celebration and the people to whom she was talking knew that the Denver attorney had been on the second floor, where the interactive exhibits include a virtual descent into an 1880s hard-rock mine shaft to learn about mucking, mules, blasting and the backbreaking work that miners endured.
Whether summer yardwork or office work has you overheated, here are some wheat beers to help keep your cool.
Despite the opposition, the time has come for Cobb to enter the 21st century, Marietta resident David Mitcham said.
How is the family life of these unemployed fathers? Are they spending more time with their children, overseeing more of the household chores, and preparing dinner for the family when Mom comes home? Sociologist Christine Whelan, in an essay, "A Feminist-Friendly Recession," published in the 2009 State of Our Unions report, predicts that current unemployment trends will foster more gender egalitarianism and greater marital happiness on the home front, as unemployed or underemployed men take up more child care and housework.
City officials say that if they allow the county to use the city right of way at no charge, it could be forced to give the same right to others or face a legal battle over discriminatory practices.
But the highlight is the newly introduced "Taste with the Count" experience. For an extra $10, a costumed gentleman complete with stovepipe hat, brocade vest and lavish gray beard with sideburns will lead you on a 45-minute tour into the cellars, followed by a tasting. I admit, I worried it would be goofy - yet local actor George Webber does a spirited rendition of Haraszthy as he leads guests among "his" gardens, explaining "his" 19th century life.
Kasich acknowledged his frustration with having to move Kvamme.
She emphasized that a primary concern for district officials is "to avoid negatively impacting the academic record of any student involved."
Greektown announced Friday that its board unanimously approved a slate of nine directors for election or re-election on May 8: Barrett, the director proposed by Brigade, along with Boyer; investor and Toronto Raptors founder John Bitove; prominent Detroit area accountant Darrell Burks; Detroit Medical Center CEO and President Michael Duggan; former Detroit Deputy Mayor Freman Hendrix; New York hedge fund founder Soohyung Kim; lawyer and casino consultant Yvette Landau, and Charles Moore, a crisis management and turnaround consultant who led Greektown's bankruptcy effort for the Birmingham firm Conway MacKenzie.
The Ocean Center's newest exhibition, the Marine Mammal Discovery Center, doesn't have any living critters at all. Opened last year, it focuses on some of Hawaii's other native creatures: dolphins, seals and humpback whales.
Ernestine Walker married her childhood sweetheart, Willie Hill, who had followed her here. In the 1950s, they were among the first residents of the Pruitt-Igoe housing complex, an experiment in subsidized housing that was later razed.
LONDON - Sacha Baron Cohen rolled into London for the world premiere of "The Dictator" in style Thursday, standing in a bright orange Lamborghini flashing a replica golden pistol and dressed in a garish military uniform.
The measure also potentially serves as an attempt to channel voter anger over burgeoning costs of public pensions.
Paris Hilton was escorted from a courtroom screaming and crying on Friday after a judge sent her back to jail to serve out her entire 45-day sentence for a parole violation in a reckless driving case.
The wedding went off without anybody getting drunk or falling into the cake -- "and so we thought, well, 'let's just do that again,' " Fee said.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the host of the Laugh Track column, a man who knows when to walk away and knows when to run . . . Mike McIntyre.
The company's e-readers, tablets and electronic book sales have helped it offset a broader decline in book sales. Same-store sales of books at its brick-and-mortar stores have edged up again largely thanks to the bankruptcy last year of Borders Group.
Rashmi Rustagi, who has lived in the Bay Area since 1997, makes a small appearance in one of this summer's major blockbusters, the Joss Whedon-directed superhero saga. Rustagi currently has a residence in Mountain View, and has lived in Palo Alto.
The environmental group's research arm reviewed more than 100 policies adopted by states, most enacted in the last decade, to estimate emissions reductions.
Shortly after the shooting, Mayor Tony Beall called for transparency and addressing the shooting "head-on."
It's been three years since you got the tat. In what ways did it help you grow as a person?
This isn't the first time a next-gen iDevice caused some descriptive challenges. The iPhone 3G, named for the cellular technology it featured, was actually the second iteration of the iPhone. People kept calling it the third iPhone. (The iPhone 3GS really was the third one. Confused yet?)
Ticketing rose in every county in the Cleveland area. Portage County saw the smallest increase at 7 percent. Statewide, numbers grew by 15 percent.
government fines, lawsuits, legal fees and damage claims will likely exceed the $40 billion that BP has publicly estimated, according to an Associated Press analysis. But they'll be far below the highest estimates made over the summer by legal experts and prominent Wall Street banks, such as Goldman Sachs, which said costs could near $200 billion.
10 Willowyck Ct, $148,000
10298, Michael Caley, Eugene, 3:59:53.
Over the last two decades, Glenn Construction has contracted with the district for more than $15.6 million in work. When the district has sought proposals from other firms, it has destroyed those firms' fee estimates and hired Glenn based on qualifications and experience. As of Thursday night, Glenn Construction was not attached to any projects planned with money from the bonds, officials said.
Now, city officials and many of those targeted are voicing anger at the disclosures, which came in the wake of an Associated Press report showing that a secret NYPD surveillance program aimed at Muslims had extended well beyond New York City.
Bike About Town is presented by the San Francisco Bicycle Coalition, a 12,000-member nonprofit dedicated to creating safer streets and more livable communities by promoting the bicycle for everyday transportation. For more biking resources, go to www.sfbike.org
Dinner and a movie -- it's the classic date-night combo.
Police say a 15-year-old girl took her 7-year-old stepsister to a party at crime-infested apartment tower two weeks ago and had sex with men for money. She then took money to let the men touch the younger girl, and the touching turned to forcible sex, according to police.
Director Juan Pablo Ternicier weaves together multiple storylines to paint a complex portrait of the events surrounding the disastrous 2010 earthquake in Chile. Part of the New Chilean Directors Showcase.
For all the talk in the Show-Me State this year about adding transparency to the campaign finance process, the dirty little secret in political circles is that it's still remarkably easy for campaign committees to hide the source of their funds.
The evening's entertainment began with a glimpse of the company's future stars. In the lobby before the show began, members of the Youth Theatre Conservatory presented a medley of songs from famous Broadway musicals.
(Recipe from Rafael Jimenez Rivera, bartender at the Lobby Bar of the St. Regis in San Francisco.)
Perez is one of several players who have been fined over the last two seasons for what MLB determined to be inappropriate Tweets. When asked what his thoughts were on the subject, Acta said, "Everyone is entitled to their own opinion ... and their own thoughts."
The following nurses surrendered their licenses rather than face other board actions.
Spilborghs, 32, spent 11 years in the Colorado organization, including parts of seven seasons in the majors. He was released after last season. The Indians signed him to a minor-league contract in January with a non-roster invitation to spring training. He was assigned to Columbus.
"I think I'm a lot more accurate from under center," he said. "We used to work on everything from under center first, and until we got it right, we wouldn't go to the shotgun."
Defense attorneys are expected to chisel away at Dimora's former associates, claiming they pleaded guilty and cooperated with the government for a lenient prison sentence. A message was left late Friday at the offices of Dimora's attorneys, William and Andrea Whitaker.
To compare with pre-recession wage growth: In 2007, the year in which the recession began in December, inflation-adjusted wages grew 3.3 percent.
Second, providers who do fall under the state's licensing guidelines are governed by outdated regulations. For example, the state is far behind in creating rules to prevent sleep deaths - by far the most common cause of the recent deaths.
That last-minute memo led to delaying a council vote on the proposed $49 million, 150,000-square-foot Walmart project being proposed by the Sansone Group for almost 16 acres on the south side of Manchester Road just west of Kiefer Creek Road.
My dad always preferred the games on radio, claiming television offered unnecessary benefits. "I know what a home run looks like," he'd say.
Many cities across the country are facing high levels of toxic chemical exposure from old manufacturing facilities or nearby chemical plants. According to SOURCE, the Kansas City brain tumor cluster is suspected to be linked to toxic chemicals found in the soil. In Herculaneum, Missouri toxic chemicals and lead are suspected in playing a role in the cluster of people suffering from the nervous system disorder, Lou Gerig's disease. This is unacceptable.
Katz figures to compete for the starting job vacated by senior quarterback Ryan Lindley, a four-year starter who holds most Aztec passing records. The Santa Monica native, according to the North County Times, is expected to enroll for the spring semester and be eligible to play in 2012 because he will have graduated from Oregon State. He has one season of eligibility remaining.
Automakers are already offering autonomous driving functions in some vehicles.
But in the past three years it has mounted a strong turnaround under CEO Barry Feld, who returned its focus to unique and relatively inexpensive knickknacks, jewelry and house accessories handmade in other countries. In 2010 it was the best-performing stock on the tech-heavy Nasdaq.
Organizers' goal is to make the drive one of the biggest one-day collections ever, Kerre said. They hope that in addition to individuals, companies, college students and other organizations will marshal their forces to bring in goods.
Crowe has started 43 games in center and led off 41 times. He's hitting .251 (46-for-183) with 24 runs, nine doubles, two triples, one homer and 19 RBI from the leadoff spot.
"There's a bit of crossover between the two languages," and learning to speak Spanish fluently was "a way to open the door on another culture," said his son, Milan A. Heath II of Cockeysville.
And that's what makes him the Biggest Loser.
Pier 39, Building F, Level One: This restaurant serves an extensive seafood menu, including New England clam chowder, Dungeness crab, seafood jambalaya and mesquite grilled swordfish, along with steak, chicken and pasta. Settle in at a table in the pleasant outdoor dining area, bordered by flower boxes brimming with fuchsia, lavender and bright pink geraniums. Or get some popcorn shrimp or a salmon burger from the walk-up window. (415) 989-7437, www.piermarket.com.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Compact car sales at Ford, Honda and General Motors boomed in February as buyers looked for more fuel-efficient vehicles in the face of higher gas prices.
City of Battle Creek and Waste Management Partnership
A: The life of the space station has been extended to at least 2020 and it could continue on even longer. It's now big enough for six people. They conduct science research, from astronomy to zoology, and help scientists understand what is needed for longer missions in space, such as going to Mars.
Collins said he is too numb to be angry at the driver. "Paul's dead and my life is ruined," he said. "I want the driver to know that."
Dan Rogers, consultant for the town on the project, said construction work could begin by the end of the month.
So, whether the promise of the ditty was demonstrated fully in the case of my boyhood community and family or not, I'm willing to share it for the consideration of readers of this column.
McGuire, 66, announced several weeks ago his plan to retire in September 2011. McGuire became the college's second president in November 1996 after Donald D. Shook retired.
M - Stevan Evans of Troutdale, Oregon (University of Portland)
That leaves us with another alarming assertion: "Medicare will be bankrupt in nine years, but Washington politicians, like Sherrod Brown, are ignoring the problem, putting their own re-elections first."
Ivan Nova (4-1) rebounded nicely after snapping his 15-game winning streak, pitching seven sharp innings, the last three in a steady rain. He gave up six hits and struck out eight.
Since my apartment is coveted by everyone, perhaps I should reassess its virtues. Maybe it's not the location, not my decor. Could be it's the price: free. The expectation of "free" exerts a magnetic effect on out-of-towners.
Crowning touch: Bard found a period-style leaded-glass window at an antiques shop for the bathroom. "It's a real wow factor and it's beautiful," he said.
Follow Sentinel reporter Donna Jones on Twitter @DonnaJonesSCS
If Greece can't stay solvent, it risks falling out of the euro zone, which could disrupt financial markets around the world.
Demolition work will continue through Friday. The work will require lane closures on Southeast MLK Jr. Blvd. between 7 a.m. and 3:30 p.m.
A receptionist at Centaurus Energy said Wednesday that Arnold was not speaking with the media. She would not confirm his pending departure. Arnold is No 3 on Houston's list of billionaires, behind Rich Kinder and Jeffrey Hildebrand, with an estimated net worth of about $3.5 billion.
It is often the stories, rather than the photos alone, that prompt reactions.
Hudson, who lived in Ponte Vedra, Fla., is survived by his wife, Patricia, and a sister, Sharon Garrison of Laguna Beach.
If you don't want to make a toss pillow, use the technique to add a slash of bright color to your fabric collages, sewing projects and even scrapbooks. You could even go with neon colors for a funky Andy Warhol-inspired vibe. Regardless, any option is an easy and entertaining time-passer.
Brian Henderson and Alexandre Gaudreau Rouleau scored for France, which rested top goalie Cristobal Huet and used 39-year-old Fabrice L'Henry.
The filler had comprised about 10 percent to 15 percent of ground beef found in supermarkets, school cafeterias and fast-food restaurants, experts say.
Saunders, who died Dec. 27 at 91, was a Tuskegee airman and one of the last remaining survivors of that brave, all-black unit.
In any case, Rosenberg's lease is up at the end of this month. He is meeting with the mall this week to discuss the possibility of renewing it.
The $30 million in nursing home funding would go into a pool of money available to skilled nursing homes that meet at least one of a series of standards.
In writer-director Nanni Moretti's comedic fable, the College of Cardinals selects a new pope only to learn the man isn't keen on taking the job. While it isn't quite a religious experience, it is a sweet one. (New Orleans Times-Picayune)
The motion says that if given a hearing, Dimora and his attorneys would produce witnesses "supporting the likelihood that Mr. Dimora will not flee."
"Family Guide Washington, D.C." (DK, $25) -- Chunkier than the slim "Top 10" series, but it's more complete. DK invented a simplified layout for travel guides that is rich with photographs, illustrations and small boxes on each page. Some of the type is tiny, so get the kids with jet-pilot vision to eyeball it for you. Available in Kindle and Nook formats.
He is someone learning to exist, through all kinds of strategies, in our contemporary world. I wanted a character who was a bit like Elric (me) but dealing with modern mythology of various kinds. That's why the first few chapters of "The Final Programme" echo the first Elric story, "The Dreaming City." I had come to think that "fantasy" of the kind I was writing was able to deal with big philosophical issues but not the specifics of modern life. I wanted a character who was able to exist in a lot of different contexts in contemporary cities, especially London. I wanted to put London in her modern mythological context, which I then extended elsewhere -- rural America, Vietnam and so on. The first story which tried this was "The Deep Fix," which was about as close to Burroughs as I've ever written and which was intended as a kind of bridge for a reader between the fantasy they were reading in the magazine and what I was enjoying in the Olympia Press Burroughs books.
Hearst Castle is Morgan's most famous creation, but it is probably the least representative of her personal vision. At Asilomar, where she had carte blanche, you find Morgan in her element. This is the largest single collection of Morgan's work, and 13 of her original 16 buildings are still standing. Best of all, you don't have to stay at Asilomar to see them. Just call the local state park office at (831) 646-6443 to schedule a tour. (The Social Hall will be closed for renovation until early November; be sure to ask about closures when you call.) If rangers aren't available at the time you'd like, download a self-guided trail brochure and strike out on your own.
"Yeah, I'm same guy," said Lopez. "I'm waiting for my opportunity. ... I don't want to show it in the clubhouse, I want to show it on the field."
The Sox struck out 16 times in a 5-3 loss to the Baltimore Orioles on Thursday and went into the game with 111 strikeouts, tied with Baltimore for most in the American League. Before the game, manager Robin Ventura said playing in a big park could be a good thing for a struggling lineup.
Wilpon and Katz told reporters outside the Manhattan courthouse that the team's finances were secure.
There's also a guest bedroom in the back.
The electronics company unveiled a new version of its iBooks digital book store that supports textbooks featuring quizzes, note-taking, study cards and other features, like the ability to interact with a diagram of an ant.
"We're proud and we feel good about it, but you can't get comfortable; that's not our philosophy,'' said John Kijowski, who runs WXOS and Bonneville International's other St. Louis stations - WARH (106.5 FM) and WIL (92.3 FM). "It's a total commitment not to do it on the cheap, to invest in people and to cover the (local) teams.''
Crump added that the department decided to place Authement on leave based on the heightened political pressure of the investigation. He said the department would consider moving the officer to another precinct.
Jack Tramiel, the tough and aggressive Commodore International founder who brought millions of people into the world of personal computers in the late 1970s and early '80s with his low-cost PCs, has died. He was 83.
"If you panic, that's what kids will take with them," he said. "Reassure them: 'OK, there won't be as many presents. But look at all the things you do have.' Focus on the good things."
Schnuck Markets Inc. announced plans Wednesday for two new Schnucks grocery stores in the Springfield, Ill., area.
Europe's leaders have already told their counterparts in the G-20 that they will have a plan ready to present to them at their next meeting in Cannes, France, in early November.
The key for 2011?
The Andersons hadn't planned on building a farmhouse on the prairie until they heard about the "Idea Farmhouse" Rehkamp Larson designed for Progressive Farmer magazine. The plan offered a dramatic contrast to their Craftsman-style Minneapolis home. They decided that a vacation home surrounded by rolling farmland would be a respite from the congested city. The couple had previously collaborated with Rehkamp Larson and the builder, Dovetail Renovation, on the remodel of their Minneapolis home in 2002 and were ready to embark on a new venture.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Now we're talking Avengers.
Sister Theresa Markus, in her 20th year as director of religious education at St. Peter's, has gathered historical notes for the 150-year celebration.
For some good ole Texas BBQ , Dallas style, run down to the grocery store and get a choice brisket: 120 cut, average 11 to 12 pounds. Cover the brisket in 2 ounces of salt and 2 ounces of pepper mixed together. Set in a 2 inch foil pan, fat side up, do not cover.
Stat of the day: Cabrera, the father, not the son, entered Wednesday's game ranked 10th in the AL in batting average with runners in scoring position at .328 (40-for-122) with six homers and 44 RBI.
In times of trouble, traders' knee-jerk reaction is to sell off what they perceive as high-risk investments -- including government bonds in weak European countries -- and to buy into safer ones, such as gold and German bonds.
Under the watch of hitting coach Mark McGwire and members of the training staff, Jay did well enough in the cage Thursday to prove he could start Friday. Returned to the No. 2 spot in the order, Jay laced three singles and tied a career high with three RBIs in the Cardinals' 13-1 rout of the Milwaukee Brewers. In the decisive eight-run third inning, Jay had two singles, one to help spark the rally and another to drive in two runs that continued it.
-- Becky Schlikerman
The best costuming, however, belonged to the trombone section. Dressed as King Arthur, a random virgin (perhaps Piglet or Zoot) and Tim the Magician from "Monty Python and the Holy Grail," they cantored across the front of the stage - with coconuts - and later stood to play the theme music from the movie, with a little help from their friends in the percussion section.
-- For pairing tips on other styles of sparkling wines, go to sfgate.com/wine.
Mayor Adams' take
But oh, the pasta. Cannelloni -- handmade sheets comforting ricotta, spinach and Parmigiano-Reggiano -- is baked just right ($19 full, $10.50 half). A penne dish is served with generous portions of lobster and "blush marinara" sauce ($28 full, $15 half).
Alchek said ACL tears, far more common in female athletes, are scary injuries in that there's little explanation for how to prevent them. He said the non-contact version that both Rose and Shumpert sustained are often more prevalent in the strongest, healthiest athletes.
Last summer, she earned a silver medal while competing for Team USA at the World University Games in Shenzhen, China.
Now you're ready to walk off all those calories.
FBI agents have visited to talk about their concerns for Jones' safety, as multiple Facebook pages with thousands of members have popped up hailing him as either a hero or a dangerous pariah.
Maybe you think the letter was phony because it involves a guy who claims he is trying to have a serious relationship with a manipulative, slightly psychotic woman. Did this woman sound made up to you?
Reporter Megan Gordon contributed to this article.
Pujols, who averaged a home run every 14.3 at-bats in 11 years in St. Louis, is hitting .265 with four runs batted in and has not homered in 49 at-bats, his longest homerless streak to start a season and the longest stretch since a 27-game drought (107 at-bats) from April 24 to May 22, 2011. The first baseman led the AL with seven homers and an .850 slugging percentage in spring training.
"I think Express Scripts has the upper hand," agrees David Rolfe, chief investment officer at Wedgewood Partners in Ladue, which is an investor in Express Scripts. "It's not going to move the needle as much as you'd expect at Express Scripts, but on the Walgreens side, if they don't reach an agreement it's a very big hit."
The reports say Parcells prefers to remain retired and not replace longtime friend Sean Payton, who will serve a season-long suspension for his role in New Orleans' bounty system.
Bryant said he was eager for Metta World Peace's return to the lineup Saturday night. The fiery forward served the final game of his seven-game suspension for elbowing Oklahoma City's James Harden in the head last month. He's been practicing with the Lakers but left the arena before games.
The top 1 percent got 45 percent of Clinton-era economic growth and 65 percent of the economic growth during the Bush era.
It was not clear if the victims were all protesters or if any of the attackers were among the dead. The ministry said at least 45 people were wounded. The clashes resumed later in the morning, after a few hours' lull.
More unknown? The front office. The deal that had Jeff Moorad and his partners purchasing the remaining 51 percent of the club from majority owner John Moores has collapsed. Is there a rudder? Manager Bud Black has discussed it with the players. Chemistry, a problem last year, seems to have improved (that's subject to change, based on performance). Will it affect this team?
Local Democrats Scott Randolph and Darren Soto are among more than 20 House members who are sponsoring House Bill 3 to overturn that ban.
On April 20 on Mountain View Road at Friar Tuck Court, a vehicle driven by Brenda L. Cardoza, 39, of Warren sideswiped a vehicle driven by Robert Beck, 51, of Warren, police said. No one was injured and no summonses were issued.
By Tuesday night, Ohioans will know. Given the stakes and site, his words -- against all odds for a State of the State -- may prove not just memorable, but revealing.
Most women were prescribed Vicodin and OxyContin to manage pain from injury or disease, Christensen said.
Before the game Coughlin and Girardi got a chance to catch up as friends and fellow members of the coaching fraternity.
Interest in Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Hawaii, San Francisco and Cancun have gone up by double digits, along with destinations in the Dominican Republic, which are up 15 percent, and searches for Freeport in the Bahamas soared 57 percent.
"The lack of complete and accurate pipeline information," the board concluded, has "prevented PG&E's integrity management program from being effective."
The Timbers clearly are a vastly different team at home compared to on the road. They have scored three goals at home and one on the road in 2012 and they scored 30 goals at home and 10 on the road in 2011.
Q: How big of a problem is student loan debt?
She dismissed any threat that the Vikings, who have played in the downtown Minneapolis Metrodome since 1982, would leave Minnesota if a publicly subsidized stadium is not approved soon.
Before that can happen, the Thunder have to close out their series against Dallas. Winning the series is the focus, not necessarily getting a sweep.
GolfNow.com also offers a weekly promotion via email during the golf season through its Deal Caddy (Dealcaddy.com) marketing arm. The weekly deals range from tee-times at certain courses to a weekend golf package to a deal on a subscription to Golf Digest magazine.
Use anything up in Cleveland?
The Ducks used a lineup of Friday, Chizoba Okodogbe, Roseler and Kesselring.
Avocado lime popsicle
Pictures of unveiled women in Timbuktu have either been torn down or covered over with black paint, according to a member of the Malian parliament for the city. The Islamists have also cut the signal for national TV broadcasts to the city because they consider the women not properly covered and don't approve of the music the station plays.
Several council members criticized church officials for not making the high school a reality.
In one sequence Reynolds' Hal Jordan recites the Green Lantern oath with 3,000 other good guys on a craggy, creme de menthe-colored set that resembles an infestation of grasshoppers on planet Oa. When they collectively chant, "Let no evil escape my sight," I had to restrain myself from yelling: "Then do something about the art direction!"
The Mega 80s: 8 p.m. The Magic Bag, 22920 Woodward, Ferndale. 248-544-3030. $10.
Nick Cassidy (Worthington) checks into a swank hotel in New York one day, has a nice meal and climbs out onto the ledge several stories above the street. This draws a crowd, naturally, armed with cellphone cameras, screaming either in horror or with encouragement to jump. You know, the usual.
But the real story, the one Margolin can't wait to tell, is about how he got the idea for "Executive Privilege" in the first place. It was 1995, and his writing career had gone from dormant to stratospheric two years earlier with the publication of "Gone, But Not Forgotten," an international best-seller. Margolin's long career as a criminal defense attorney provided him the basis for some of his books, and he was trying to come up with an idea for his next one.
Jazz: A tart-sweet cross of Gala and Braeburn; dense and crisp, with beautiful coloration of red, orange and yellow. Ripens very late and benefits from softening slightly in storage.
McMillan's message after the Minnesota game shouldn't be hard to digest. Players say he has been saying the same thing all season.
And, yes, she tweets. Follow her at@twigskates.
On the other hand, panel prices make up only about a quarter of the installed cost of a solar system today. If they went up 30 percent, for example, that means the total cost of an average system would go up only 7.5 percent.
In fact, the Bears likely will keep that roster spot open until early next week.
Eventually, the whistles came around. With 4:14 to go, Detroit got its second penalty of the game for delay of game. Circumstances became even more favorable when Detroit took two more penalties in the waning minutes, allowing the Blues to finish the game on the power play.
The newspaper reported that the steroids were found in the home when officers went to confiscate guns after Mutrie was arrested on domestic assault charges. According to a police affidavit, the steroids were found in Mutrie's living room on July 24, 2010, but were not verified by the state crime lab until Jan. 18.
"Catching Fire" is scheduled for release in November 2013.
Horford appeared to be rusty early but eventually settled down. He finished with 12 points and five rebounds in 12 minutes while making 6 of 10 shots.
Renovation completed: 2006 for Katrina repairs, 2011 for enhancements
The topic of this week's trivia is famous relatives.
Pickup: Southeast Portland
Skowronek said she has received dozens of phone calls from people across the world, from North Carolina to Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates, who want to help their cause. The man from Abu Dhabi said the article had even been translated into Arabic.
The church expects more than 1,000 people to attend the ceremony, including its 600 members and members of the Woodlawn United Methodist Church that once owned the building. The public is invited.
In what seems like an overly thorough process, the Corps is listing virtually every aquatic species that could travel between the Great Lakes and Mississippi River systems, along with all the potential contact points between the two mighty basins. That includes several marshy areas in various states as well as the engineered connection at Chicago, which poses the major danger.
Dir said they've already sold beer to a number of Lake County bars and restaurants, including Park Street restaurant in Mundelein, Gale Street Inn in Mundelein, Firkin's in Libertyville, Whirlyball in Vernon Hills, Cubbie Bear North in Lincolnshire, Biaggi's in Deerfield and the Vine in Grayslake. Starting in January, he said they plan to expand their distribution into parts of Cook County.
That year, the city struck a deal with the Bureau of Reclamation to lease property in north Scottsdale north of the Central Arizona Project aqueduct to construct a tournament-worthy golf course. The TPC Scottsdale was constructed over the next year, and the Phoenix Open relocated to Scottsdale, where it has been ever since, giving the city four days of annual national exposure on television and drawing the largest of all PGA crowds.
The singer gave birth to her daughter in Los Angeles on Tuesday. Maxwell weighed 9 pounds, 13 ounces. We're sure she's adorable, as are all babies.
Walters dismissed the legislation as a way for Democrats to deflect attention from the problems with public pensions. Public employee unions are fighting against Brown's 12-point reform package and are key campaign supporters of Democrats.
This time around, in a recent USA Today/Gallup poll of voters in 12 swing states, Obama held a lead of 18 percentage points among women.
Some examples from his table of contents show the breadth of his analysis:
JPMorgan stock was the hardest hit, but its American counterparts suffered, too: Citigroup was down 4 percent, and Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley each lost more than 2 percent.
The Congressional Budget Office in December 2007 released an analysis of 29 various reports over 15 years. The federal office concluded that "state and local governments incur costs for providing services to unauthorized immigrants and have limited options for avoiding or minimizing these costs."
That $400,000 estimate is reasonable, given the scope of the case, said James Felman, a criminal-defense attorney in Tampa and vice chair of the American Bar Association's criminal-justice section.
"They're making it a situation," he said of police. "This has just gotten to be stupid, the whole thing."
The Bush administration stepped up raids in medical marijuana states in the early 2000s and included nonprofits, like Fry and Schafer's garden and a larger cooperative in Santa Cruz, among its targets.
Spokesmam Jeff Strayer said Monday the situation is "not that dire," and he predicts the MOT will gather the money in time.
If the experience of recent Olympics in Beijing or Vancouver holds, tickets and rooms often open up at the last minute for people who decide to go on the spur of the moment.
However, the business of the Supreme Court conducted in public is directly available only to the relatively few people admitted into the small, hallowed chamber on Capitol Hill. Most of the seats available go to lawyers in the case, law clerks, ranking governmental officials, including select members of Congress, and working members of the news media.
Geoffroy also had a hand in collecting the sale's first $355: She goes through pockets of every garment to find forgotten cash.
15. Child or children
Turnbull told the court that Jefferson had been acquitted on a charge of violating the order. He said she "has vowed to stay away from the drama."
The kitchen turns out fine jackfruit and chopped baby clam salads, each with a plethora of herbs and crunchy, nutty garnishes. The somewhat timid bun bo Hue can be livened up with chile sauce from the table.
The organization had its 35 affiliates across the country file 380 requests for documentation of policies and practices on tracking of cellphones. ACLU said it received responses from more than 200 police departments.
"We all know what it's like," Bjorn said. "A bounce here or there, and then it goes either wrong or right. Today, it went my way."
The U.S. Commerce Department has imposed new import fees on solar panels made in China, finding that the Chinese government is improperly giving subsidies to manufacturers of the panels there.
O'Neill, a burly, jovial, bearded Midwesterner bounded onto the track after the win and delivered bear hugs, often to people who weren't looking. He immediately pointed the horse toward the second leg of the Triple Crown in two weeks.
The result? The winning burger in the judges' portion of the Great Jersey Shore Burger Contest at Bar A in Lake Como today.
The House measure would be the 10th extension of highway and transit funding since the last big transportation bill expired in 2009.
"I was hoping to make a statement that it's very easy to be fooled into eating red meat and thinking we're eating good calories," he says. "Red meat is a direct enemy of our hearts and arteries, and as a nation we've really done it wrong for so many decades that we're the fattest nation in the world."
The designer did for herself what she does for her clients: create inviting, comfortable interiors, lush with color and fabric, that capitalize on what already is there.
30. Detroit Lions
The channel's "Inside Comedy" show, produced by Steve Carell and David Steinberg, premieres at 11 p.m. Jan. 26 with a look at Jerry Seinfeld and Don Rickles.
The "first of its kind" complaint, as ACLU called it, was filed in Portland because the Oregon ACLU chapter had been farther ahead in working with potential plaintiffs, said the chapter's executive director, David Fidanque.
Crews sent down a probe, then pulled it up with two notes the trapped miners had placed inside, including the one Pinera read. Gomez, 63, wrote the other note to his wife, confirming the miners' location underground and saying he loved her.
The riddle for Nuggets general manager Masai Ujiri is: How many players with true star quality has Denver assembled? On a young team, do the Nuggets have the makings of a Big Three in Ty Lawson, Danilo Gallinari and Kenneth Faried?
Time is rapidly running out for Detroit to reach an agreement with the state that will avert the appointment of an emergency manager, a spokeswoman for Gov. Rick Snyder said Sunday.
"While we affirm the right of any person in our democratic society to oppose the establishment of this registry, we are dismayed that clergy and others would use the Bible as their weapon of assault," Bishop Mark Hollingsworth Jr. wrote to council members in a Jan. 21 letter also signed by three assisting bishops.
Here's the game story, as it appeared in The Plain Dealer on Nov. 25, 2001:
The bottom line: The Xbox 360 remains the game console to beat.
He says his humor touches on race, but he doesn't take the easy road with cheap stereotypes. "I would like to think my stuff is smarter than that," he said.
Associated Press Writer Kimberly Dozier in Kabul, Afghanistan, contributed to this report.
Evans is seeking to have a second lawyer dismissed and to represent himself in court. Last fall, Evans fired his first attorney for allegedly conspiring against him.
Still, it is nice to see Olbermann beat Spitzer -- and do it from a channel that was drwaing about 23,000 viewers an hor in prime time.
Once I was home and recovered from my illness I decided to take a "wait and watch" attitude and to my disappointment, these two friends who I always considered to be my closest friends never made a call, an e-mail or check-in of any kind.
"It's a huge Catch-22," said Chris Morris, a Minneapolis lawyer who defends collectors in FDCPA cases.
The Ducks finished second to Texas A&M for the second consecutive year. The Aggies scored 72 points in the successful repeat bid.
"Patient care quality and strategic growth areas are our first priority and will be spared as much as possible," Brown wrote in his e-mail, first obtained by radio station KXL (101.1 FM).
"The defined-term roles are the most critical in the entertainment and hospitality business, and their engagement with our guests will help define us," Revel said Wednesday in a statement. "We want to ensure that these high profile professionals are always engaged with our guests."
FitzGerald and Welo both have more allies than Brown does on the party's executive committee, which has scheduled a June 19 meeting to endorse. A fourth Democrat, bus driver James Brown of Brooklyn, is a political unknown and is not seeking the party's support.
Window Rock simply did not have an answer for Bradley Nash and company during the match. Monument Valley scored nine of the final 10 points scored in the first game, with three consecutive kills-two by McKara Kescoli and one by Ty'lesha Yellowhair - closing the game.
The training also includes a section on types of identification that should immediately end an officer's suspicions about immigration status, including an ID from any government agency that requires people to prove they are in the U.S. legally.
Our primarily two-party system makes it all so simple: Democrat vs. Republican. We're fairly forced into throwing our entire selves into one of those two boxes. Perhaps we even change ourselves so we can fit into them. I always vote Democrat. That's not because I agree with everything on the Democratic platform. It's just that I agree with most everything. For this reason, I sometimes find my values to be inconsistent.
"The kitchen melding with the family room is quite Mediterranean," Armour said. "The indoor-outdoor dynamic ... it's an easy-in-and-out space. Due to its ambeance, you'd think you should hear romantic music playing in the background."
No. 2 Texas vs. No. 3 Cincinnati
The area's demand for fresh local produce far exceeds the supply, particularly for crops such as stone fruit and apples, and it's difficult for upstate growers to make it through the traffic to O.C. venues.
Is he right?
The tolls will rise in phases until 2015, and by the final year of the increase, the price to cross a bridge or tunnel will be $12.50 for E-ZPass users during peak hours, up $4.50 from the current $8.
5. The Rams would have to give up a draft choice for Tebow. No one is sure what Denver is asking for, and the Broncos won't get what they want. But for a Rams team that has so many glaring weak spots, does the organization really have the luxury of giving up a draft pick for a backup QB? I would say that's a big "No."
Robert Sharpe,
40. Just about every neighborhood has a farmers' market these days, but our love affair with them might not ever have blossomed without Alemany Farmers' Market, at the southern foot of Bernal Heights and Glen Park.
"I'm calling on GOP leadership to immediately bring up the Senate's two-month extension for an up or down vote," said Rep. Sean Duffy of Wisconsin, who voted against the deal earlier in the week.
The event will feature a cocktail hour, dinner and multiple auctions, with proceeds going to make it better. For last minute tickets, call 503-849-0977. Tickets cost $250 per person.
(On if Claiborne is comparable to Patrick Peterson)- "They are different, they really are. Peterson was super-fast and Mo is not as fast but he has phenomenal ball skills, so does Patrick. They are both really good. You can nitpick with some things. They are both really good and they make a lot of plays."
The NHRA Midwest Nationals will take place on Oct. 5-7, 2012, and will be part of the "Countdown to the Championship." It will be the fourth of the six-race "Countdown," which will crown champions in the four professional categories - Top Fuel, Funny Car, Pro Stock and Pro Stock Motorcycle.
For 30 years, no one breathed a word.
1928 -- The tournament was played at the Fieldhouse at the University of Minnesota, which later became Williams Arena.
"And the second thing we've got to do is extend unemployment insurance for Americans who have lost their jobs in a tough economy," Biden said.
Next: Indians open three-game series in Oakland on Friday night.
Some of the municipalities have banded together to request that the state find another way to fund the formula.
In mid-July, many of Kiley's clients began getting form letters saying they could neither make deposits nor withdrawals because of the Ohio investors' lawsuit and pending investigations.
At No. 1 doubles, Merritt Hammeke and Evan Liebl forced a third set but lost their first match to Trego 7-5, 3-6, 10-4. At No. 2 doubles, Jesse Schneweis and Tyler Bailey fell to Ellinwood 6-0, 6-0.
Before announcing his retirement Monday, Brian Dawkins spent 16 seasons with the Eagles and the Broncos, played in nine Pro Bowls and one Super Bowl, was named to the all-decade team of the 2000s and will be voted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Wine Country Group Realtors, (707) 322-1620
With the politicians, Dwek posed as a corrupt developer by the name of David Esenbach, who gave out FedEx envelopes stuffed with cash to anyone who would help expedite a series of phony real estate deals concocted by the FBI. More than a dozen have already pleaded guilty to corruption charges.
Oregon next plays Friday night against Illinois at PK Park during the Nike College Showcase. The tournament, also being held at Oregon State, will also include West Virginia, Connecticut and No. 23 Oklahoma.
Also last week, a coalition of attorneys general representing all 50 states launched an investigation. And there's little doubt that more lenders will voluntarily suspend foreclosures.
More storms in the Texas Panhandle today, where U.S. 287 is finally open again. Motorists were trapped in muddy drifts that were waist-to-shoulder high from a severe storm. Some cars were buried in hail, with people trapped inside for a while. The storm left so much hail in its wake that workers had to use snowplows to clear the piles from the road. National Weather Service meteorologists characterized the hail as really small, but there was lots of it, accumulating from 2 to 4 feet deep.
"The crowds are so much behind Phil," said Hanson, who got a taste when he was paired with Mickelson in the first two rounds. "I'm just going to try to enjoy it. I tried to stay pretty close to him the first couple of days and feed off a little bit."
The protest, however, was only part of what appeared to be a widespread effort by Democratic forces to target Romney for defeat. Many polls have shown Romney as the strongest Republican candidate in a head-to-head race against Obama, and a loss in Michigan could threaten Romney's chances of winning the nomination.
1 (9-inch) pie shell, baked and cooled
Julio A. Fernandez, Doonnellon; and Robert P. Kundinger, Jr., Deland. Shelving end brackets with interchangeable pieces for supporting hang rods of different sizes. Assigned to Clairson, Inc., Newark, Del. (8,132,768)
"While this measure will never bring closure for a such a tremendous loss, we can keep their memory alive for our citizens," Sen. Bill Haine, D-Alton, sponsor of the new resolution naming the highway, said in a emailed statement. He credited Schlau for "promoting awareness of the dangers of distracted driving."
SAN DIEGO - The San Diego Padres gave Colorado just enough of an opening, and that's all it took to blow a chance at getting their first series sweep of the season.
3. An all-star 'DWTS' season?
5. Exavier Triplet, Alton, 21-3.75
In August, Kilpatrick, his wife and three sons moved into a 5,016-square-foot home valued at $338,400 in Grand Prairie, Texas. The home is bigger than the Manoogian Mansion and is an upgrade from the Texas home the Kilpatricks were previously living in -- a 3,588-square-foot home valued at $235,000.
The salaries, revealed by The Times last week, sparked protests in the small, predominantly working-class town southeast of downtown Los Angeles.
He went on to praise Matlosz for living his life well.
I said and wrote last winter that Ventura would be inclined to stick with Beckham as long as possible, based partly on Robin's 0-for-41 slump in 1990 as a 23-year-old. But Robin was a rookie and rebounded, and Gordon is 25 and starting his third full season.
"We are checking all options," Adams said.
The Brics nations held their first annual summit three years ago in Russia amid the onset of the global financial crisis. The group, which accounts for 40% of the world's population and a fifth of the global economy, set out to remodel the world's financial architecture amid rising anger over Western dominance of the system at a time of financial meltdown.
Loomis will be able to oversee the draft and handle other roster moves up until the season starts. Then he is slated to serve his eight-game suspension for failing to put a stop to the bounty system in a timely way.
Readers, however, will carry away much more -- not just the delight of a perfect ending, but the pleasure of this richly rewarding series. Thanks, Mr. Rankin, and should you ever look back, may I point out that you wouldn't be the first writer to bring back a beloved detective?
On April 13, a 3-year-old girl was taken to Children's Hospital after she was bit by her grandmother's pit bull in Martinez.
Wednesday night: Chance of showers and storms. Low 53.
Celebs can feel "a little edgy" by moving to her nabe but still get their lattes and fancy gourmet food, said Nottage, who lives in the Boerum Hill rowhouse where she grew up.
Rafael Cabrera-Bello, the only Spaniard to triumph on this season's circuit at the Dubai Desert Classic in February, echoed Jimenez's thoughts.
Akira Hirami was the fastest player on the Manzanar team. He was taken out near the beginning.
The hearing featured two hours of testimony from Mike McQueary, the former Penn State graduate assistant who, in 2002, claims to have witnessed Sandusky raping a boy in the football locker room showers. While what McQueary saw -- and said -- is being challenged, one thing we know is that no Penn State official called the police in 2002.
For the Broncos, that means more help in the interior of the defensive line is likely on the way. They have quality edge players in Elvis Dumervil and Von Miller, but they didn't get pressure in the middle of the field nearly enough without blitzing or overloading the middle gaps.
All remaining MVC contests other than the finale air appear locally on Fox Sports Midwest. CBS (KMOV) has the title game, at 1 p.m. Sunday. Tim Brando (play-by-play) and Mike Gminski (analysis) have that broadcasting assignment.
"If you are concerned about this map, this is the only avenue left open to the people," said Alston, referring to the referendum process.
The state attorney's office based the charges on Florida's anti-hazing law, passed in 2011, which made hazing that results in injury a felony offense. The maximum penalty for hazing that results in death is six years, Lamar said, adding that the evidence did not support a murder charge, because there was no single blow that caused Champion's death.
Hillside House Bed & Breakfast: Built in 1904, Hillside House is nestled on the slopes of Cleopatra Hill. It offers privacy and spectacular views of the Red Rocks of Sedona. Call (928) 634-5667.
Not when there are too many Jimmy Olsen moments.
Cynthia Quarterman, administrator for the Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, said BP had a year to address problems but its willful failure to comply led to filing civil litigation against the company.
Salaries for corrections officers run from about $35,000 to $72,000 a year, with some lieutenants earning about $92,000, according to county records.
Academic bio: Math Team second-place finish in Algebra II Writtens/Regional Division (2010) and fourth-place finish in Pre-Calculus Writtens/Regional Division (2011) ... WYSE sixth-place and seventh-place finish in Computer Science/Regional Division (three years) and third-place finish in Computer Science/Sectional Division (2010) ... Youth to Washington Essay Contest finalist (2011) ... Murray State University Commonwealth Honors Academy participant (2011) ... Illinois State Scholar ... Wendy's Heisman school winner and state finalist (2011) ... superintendent's honor roll.
Englishmen don't get more buttoned-down than Dr. Alfred Jones (Ewan McGregor), a fisheries expert who knows foolishness when he hears it. And to him, the idea that salmon could possibly survive in a river in Yemen is indeed foolish. As he explains to public relations representative Harriet Chetwode-Talbot (Emily Blunt), dumping fish into a desert, even with the best intentions in the world, won't work.
will raise the living standard of ordinary Pakistanis, including in the border regions of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, the North West Frontier Province, and Baluchistan.
Reality Show Clip Time: Among our local competitors on fall reality shows are Soul'd Out, the Wilsonville High School a cappella choir trying to win "The Sing-Off" (8 p.m., KGW, 9/19); a Medford family will be featured on the season premiere of "Extreme Makeover: Home Edition" (7 p.m., KATU, 9/25); Albany couple Bill and Cathi Alden on "The Amazing Race" (8 p.m., KOIN, 9/25); Patrick Ferrari, also of Albany, on "The Biggest Loser" (8 p.m., KGW, 9/20); and, at press time, at least, Portlanders Bryce Black and Becky Ross were still in the running on "Project Runway" (9 p.m., Lifetime, Thursdays).
In addition, the contract will require library employees to gradually increase their share of contributions to their retirements and will provide less generous pensions to new hires.
The measure (A-3393) was introduced last week amid great fanfare. Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver (D-Essex) and Senate President Stephen Sweeney (D-Gloucester) held a Statehouse news conference to announce the contents of their bill. It called for arbitrators to take the economy and the new property tax cap into account when deciding salary levels for public-worker unions.
The No. 11 Bruins allowed two hits in a 4-0 win, and the Beavers (24-12, 6-7) dropped below .500 in conference play for the first time this season.
Dooley, a Democrat, is seeking his third full term. He won a special election in 2004 to complete Westfall's term and won re-election to full terms in 2006 and 2010.
$ (about $10 or less per entree)
"Large corporations are here to stay. If we partner with industry to educate health care professionals, we're expanding our reach to fight the obesity epidemic, which to me is a good thing," said Lynne Braun, a professor of nursing at Rush University Medical Center who co-presented a Coca-Cola-sponsored Web seminar on women's heart health.
As is typical, the sheriff defended the officer and said that he was well within his rights to use deadly force, which is no doubt true given that current law gives officers wide latitude to restrain and even kill people.
"He's an artist who has been working for 14 years and has never had a major solo exhibition," she said. "We really felt because of that absence it was time."
Quick matched Schneider save for save in the second period and topped him on drama. Quick stopped two breakaways to keep the Kings within a goal through 40 minutes.
The Schurick Doctrine must wend its way,
-- Besides financials, industrial companies and businesses focused on consumer products announced the most dividend increases during the quarter. Among those raising their dividends: cruise operator Carnival Corp., retailer Limited Brands and manufacturer Eaton Corp.
The art gallery complex - now home to the mesmerizing Museum of the American Circus - and the Ringlings' meticulously restored Mediterranean Revival homestead are the marquee stops on Sarasota's Circus Heritage Trail, which ties together for the first time the bits and pieces of the region's big-top history.
But the station took a substantial loss in broadcasting the Rams last year, and Kijowski said WXOS' bottom line for 2010 will be heavily impacted by how it does with that team this season.
Like former Orioles shortstop Mike Bordick and, to an extent, even Hall of Famer Cal Ripken Jr., Hardy is so prepared and so effortless in the field that he seems to be more appreciated by those who observe him daily.
Obama attempted to sum up the pain and peril for a society where the middle class is struggling. But he also called for individual responsibility.
Morning is better, because that's when they are feeding. In the afternoon, they like to siesta in big snoring groups.
The Shins (Columbia/Aural Apothecary)
Also, said Kuenstler, Lennon did not have authority to padlock churches that were under appeal. They should have been open and functioning as parishes while waiting for word from Rome, she said in an interview.
The dispute dates back to 2007 when the two Hull families purchased the Sandyston property, one of the last private farms remaining in the recreation area.
Navajos call Monument Valley Tse'Bii'Ndzisgaii, or "pale colors splashed in rock." The name was given to the area by traders who lived among the people and learned the language.
Blazers President Larry Miller wants to turn the aging glass palace into a more intimate venue for Portland Winterhawks hockey games, the famed Rose Festival parade and performances of all kinds.
But Carol Norris, a longtime Panhandle resident who has watched the dead-drunk spectacle outside her front door, says if it doesn't improve, she has a message for the organizers.
Highlights: Handmade spring wreaths that combine artistry and naturalism are priced from $6 to $42 (retail $18 to $68). Spring votive holders will be $1, all original art and hand-painted metal animal garden art will be 50 percent off and all furniture and floral containers will be 75 percent off retail.
7-MONTH DEPLOYMENT
CHRISTIAN
The company has since been reversing course and making adjustments, he said. CPI runs portrait studios inside Walmart and Sears stores.
Pat Catan's: supplies and classes at several area locations; call your nearest store, or go to www.patcatans.com.
You write to me apparently ashamed. I write out of my pain over the condition of our people.
Preferred Meal Systems, based in west suburban Berkeley, gave $5,000 this year to another CPS back-to-school effort that gave students free rides on city buses and trains. It has also made an arrangement to donate an undisclosed amount of money in CPS' name to the Greater Chicago Food Depository, Trantowski said.
And the Sharks do not.
22 Barberry Ln, $178,500
Most Overrated
Frank Klump (Sparta)
"I thought he had done real damage, like broken or fractured," McDyess said. "I was just happy to see it was just a severe sprain. I actually thought it was worse."
Right-hander Ian Kennedy's mistakes were few, and they were minor, a matter of inches, but he had to relive them to reporters after Thursday night's 2-1 rubber match loss to the Nationals, the Diamondbacks' ninth consecutive defeat in a game decided by one run.
An ongoing dispute between AT& T U-verse/Dish Network and Fox Sports Net will leave estimated 500,000 Orange County subscribers without access to the Fox Sports Net telecast of the Angels' series finale today against the Minnesota Twins.
Sometimes, a player must endure adversity to experience growth. Nimo learned his lesson the hard way, but said he needed to go through the tough times to become a better player.
Washington welcomed Beijing's move in April to widen the daily trading band within which the yuan is allowed to fluctuate from 0.5 percent to 1 percent but thinks it failed to go far enough to create a market-driven exchange rate, according to a senior administration official with Geithner's delegation.
Before the hearing, union members rallied outside the courthouse a few blocks from Wall Street. They carried signs saying "Merge don't purge" and chanted "We got sold out."
Let stand for 1 minute, then stir until combined. Add vanilla and stir until incorporated.
Raley's is privately held and does not release financial results.
During opening statements Friday, Lane County Deputy District Attorney Bob Lane mirrored his previous presentation of the case. He said Swartout's family and friends watched her belly "getting bigger" and that a sister would testify to seeing and feeling a baby kick beneath the bare skin of Swartout's belly three days before the murder.
Those often unlucky Texans stunned the Bengals with two 13-play drives in the fourth quarter, the first to set up a Neil Rackers field goal that made it 19-13. After a defensive stop aided by a fortunate false-start penalty against the Bengals, Houston got the ball at its 20 with just over two minutes remaining and no timeouts.
For some reason, everyone is jumping on board the Wolfpack bandwagon, but we just don't see it. Yes, they score, they shoot and they rebound, but all those "big down-the-stretch wins" people are foaming over? Miami, Virginia Tech, Boston College and Virginia. Three letters: M-E-H. San Diego State, 71-61.
Seau was born Jan. 19, 1969, in Oceanside. His full given name was Tiaina Seau III, and he came to be known as Junior as a means of being differentiated from his father.
Note: To shuck the fava bean, open each pod along the seam (using a sharp vegetable peeler can expedite this process) and remove the beans. Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil. Place a large of bowl of ice water nearby. Boil fava beans about 2 minutes, then drain and cool in the ice water. When the beans are cool, drain well. With your thumbnail, pop open each fava bean and discard the inedible shell. Keep refrigerated until ready to use.
In Round 2, lunch, I pan-roasted chicken breasts and served them with an arugula-Thai chile pesto. But I neglected to taste the fiery green sauce before serving it, and its extreme heat almost got me eliminated. Thankfully, a competitor overcooked her chicken to the point of dryness, and I moved on.
It was only months after that, in February 2003, that Currie signed an agreement to work as a paid consultant for Shoppers. Later that year, he sent a letter on Senate letterhead to the State Highway Administration advocating on the grocery chain's behalf for a traffic signal near a Baltimore County store.
Last season: Dolphins started 0-7 and endured third consecutive losing season, team's longest such streak since 1960s. Series of offseason decisions and misadventures drew national ridicule and had fans lobbying for GM Jeff Ireland to be fired. Dolphins were rebuffed in courtship of Jeff Fisher, then hired Joe Philbin as seventh coach in past eight years. Perennial search for franchise QB hit another dead end when Peyton Manning turned down Miami, increasing likelihood team will use first-round pick for potential successor to Matt Moore. Traded three-time Pro Bowl receiver Brandon Marshall to Bears for two third-round draft picks, leaving Miami without elite target. Another hole was created when Dolphins released veteran S Yeremiah Bell.
"I haven't heard back from anybody," Wells said. "So, it's a problem we're dealing with."
Appalachian State (25-6) at UNC Wilmington (20-12), 4 p.m.
Several researchers, including entomologist Diana Cox-Foster of Penn State and Dr. W. Ian Lipkin, a virologist at Columbia University, have been sifting through bees that have been ground up, looking for viruses and bacteria.
She said the U.S. government's spending of taxpayers' money during the prosecution was hard on the country as well as on herself.
Greek shares tumbled, trading 8.2 percent lower at one stage before recouping some ground alongside other European markets and paring its decline to 6 percent.
of Central Missouri has raised concerns among some faculty, who say the process has not been transparent enough.
Walmart, which Gratz said will include a grocery, will be half the size of stores generally associated with Wal-Mart. The maximum retail space permitted under the site plan is 91,000 square feet, while the average Wal-Mart has more than 180,000 square feet, he said.
The sight of the gleaming hardwood used to be an annoyance. Now it just makes her mad.
WASHINGTON -- House Republicans are pitching a six-year transportation construction plan as a major jobs bill that can win bipartisan approval before next year's election, a key GOP lawmaker said Monday.
Mike Dittoe, spokesman for House Speaker William G. Batchelder, said the new map incorporates Democratic suggestions and deserves a chance to be voted on by the House at 2 p.m.
* It would also help if the Blues avoided taking foolish penalties. And they committed a couple of them (David Perron, and Backes) in Game 1.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Former Ohio Turnpike Commission member David O. Regula may have violated a state ethics law by seeking to be the agency's next executive director while he was still a member of the board.
Hallinan, a former defense attorney and city supervisor turned prosecutor, survived a series of blunders over two terms. But by the time Harris defeated him in November 2003, his staff was demoralized. He was wounded politically in the fallout of the Fajitagate scandal, after the obstruction case fizzled that he championed against top members of the Police Department, including the chief.
Individual Achievement in Comedy: Tina Fey. (Nominees were Christina Applegate for "Samantha Who?," Alec Baldwin for "30 Rock," Stephen Colbert for "The Colbert Report" and Ray Wise from "Reaper.")
Buffett pulled out his most recent routine at the annual Omaha Press Club Show, using his childhood experience as a paper boy in the 1940s to lob tightly folded newspapers into the assembled audience.
Heat the oven to 375 F. Coat an 8-by-8-inch glass baking dish with cooking spray.
This ultra-cool spot in an ultra-cool hotel caters to an ultra-cool crowd.
Thomas Ficek, 50, pleaded guilty to one count of theft Thursday before Will County Judge Edward Burmila, who handed down the sentence. In doing so Ficek admitted only that he stole more than $10,000 worth of printer toner and cartridges from his employer, Standard Forwarding, in June 2010.
Brown has a reputation for impressive turnarounds and often messy departures from teams. HIs first coaching job was at Davidson in 1972, though he didn't coach a game there before going to the ABA and then the NBA. He coached at UCLA (1979-81) and Kansas (1983-88) and was the coach of the 2004 U.S. Olympic team that had a disappointing bronze-medal finish.
By shifting many of the functions of the Ohio Department of Development to his JobsOhio program, the governor is making a bid to increase bureaucratic agility -- at least partly by, as his critics correctly note, decreasing transparency.
By helping reduce the threats children face on the streets, the patrollers are helping kids to learn, said Antionette Pearson, principal at the Osborn Upper School of Global Communications and Culture. The school is one of four small schools within Osborn high, each with its own principal. Currently, all upperclassmen attend the school where Pearson is principal.
Despite its flaws, it represents the best available vehicle -- no pun intended -- available. If nothing happens, federal dollars for road projects stop flowing on March 31. It would be foolhardy to let that happen.
30. San Francisco 49ers (13-3)
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Peyton Hillis is out for today's game with his pulled hamstring and cornerback Joe Haden will play despite being listed as questionable with his sprained left knee.
Craig Hemengway, 33, of Portland, saw that Nguyen was in trouble and swam to where Nguyen was last seen. Hemengway located Nguyen about 6 feet under the surface and pulled him to shore, Thomson said. Once at the boat ramp, Tawnya Roozeboom, 33, of Salem, joined him. Together, they tended to Nguyen until the arrival of the Marine Patrol Deputies and Medics.
Nerf guns? Really? Is that any way for a grown man to act?
Kelsey Ferguson is the daughter of two music professionals.
He has had a significant income for several years - he rarely turned down an offer for ancillary work to his FSM duties - and has joked before about being tight with his money. But at some juncture it is time to go back to work.
Robert is now working part time for US Airways and looking for full-time work, Rachel said.
County Prosecutor David Joyce stressed at the hearing that Lane's thoughts were clear in the interview with Resnick, and said the youth understood the issues regarding his case.
"It's unacceptable," said Claudia Magana, president of the University of California Students Association. "We can't keep relying on students to fill this budget gap."
She also showed what she was made of in the fall after the starting soccer goalie went down with an injury before the season and Cook volunteered to play the position for the first time.
The six-term Republican made the announcement Friday. He cited family obligations.
Here's what car critics are saying about the European Cruze:
Tomlin's new stage show, which comes to Grass Valley on Sunday, will showcase many of her strengths, combining stand-up comedy with audience interaction and film clips meant to satirize her celebrity status.
Together, the two present a familiar picture of the ever-expanding American waistline_ or, at least the kind of weight problems that contribute to higher health care costs and shortened life spans. Higgins has lost a significant amount of weight two or three times, he said. Guard has never tried.
The Michigan state crime lab had just entered the nationwide DNA database, allowing local detectives to compare DNA samples from cold cases with past and present Michigan inmates.
Taquitos de Lengua
"We were all just expecting to put our best performance on the mat. After that, it's up to the judges," said Vallance.
"Germany, the Netherlands, France, they created the multi annual financial framework exactly so that nobody could complain about the amounts in the annual budget," said Jorge Nunez, an analyst at the Centre for European Policy Studies, a think-tank.
People seeking assisted living "have to leave" their homes for more round-the-clock care, he said, while those who may have sought independent living want the market value of their homes to rise before they move.
Before Bencivengo won election in 2007, Bencivengo was the Hamilton Township Republican Party chairman. He had also served from 1996 to 2004 as the executive director of the Hamilton Partnership, a private group of business leaders concerned with economic growth.
The dead and dying fish were first reported on Sunday afternoon by a fisherman, who called 1-800-POACHER, a Division of Wildlife hot line. Wildlife officials contacted the Cleveland Metroparks, who brought in the Ohio EPA and the Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District.
With the recipes and how-tos, you'll be confident enough to cook just about any large piece of meat or whole fish. That way, you can remain practically stress-free. At least when it comes to cooking the main course.
That time is so over.
Basit said some weeks his prices are lower than neighboring towns, other times they are higher. He gets the wholesale price from BP's corporate office every day, and it fluctuates from day to day, he said.
The 6-4, 310-pound Locklear was a third-round pick of the Seattle Seahawks in 2004 and started 78 games for them from 2005-10 at guard and right tackle. He made four starts for the Washington Redskins last season - three at left tackle and one at right tackle.
As of this hour, Berkeley Heights, Watchung Hills Regional High School, Warren Township and Watchung have not posted any information.
The letter asserted that the Democratic plan would sock a variety of closely held businesses, from real estate to consulting. Active shareholders of 'S' corporations would be required to pay payroll taxes on both wages and earnings, a "provision that could be expanded to include other, more capital intensive industries," the letter read.
A staple of college dorm rooms for decades, his prints have been reproduced on T-shirts, coffee mugs and even hand-woven rungs from the Andes, according to Sylviane Gold of The New York Times.
Kim will begin a five-year term in July. Born in South Korea, Kim is an American who moved to the United States with his family at age 5. His selection extends the tradition of Americans leading the World Bank dating to the institution's founding in 1944.
That was what I thought as I watched it at the ArcLight recently, dehydrating and too scared to drink more water.
I'm guessing that I've reviewed Britney maybe half a dozen times, but I never saw the Beatles. That doesn't sound fair.
Since August, The Associated Press has published a series of articles detailing the NYPD's anti-terrorism operations in the years following the Sept. 11 terror attacks. The series sparked criticism from civil liberties and religious groups who say the department is using inappropriate surveillance tactics.
Two long first-half touchdowns by Kenneth and Steven are wiped out by penalties. The Rams, running the ball behind a wedge-shaped wall of blockers and doing little else, take a 14-6 lead late in the fourth quarter.
Bachmann, seeking a fourth term in the suburban and exurban district, said her presidential campaign experience will serve her well back home. Across the district in St. Cloud, hotel magnate Jim Graves announced his plans to challenge Bachmann, saying the district needs a full-time representative.
In the stadium's Hall of Fame, which has yet to be finalized, York envisions a section designed to teach fans how the facility's green components work and about sustainable design in general.
QUITE A PACE: Austin Jackson had a hit in each of the first three innings. He finished 4-for-5 and raised his average to .314. It was his third four-hit game this season -- one more than he had all of last season.
City officials and nonprofit leaders took federal environmental officials on a whirlwind tour Tuesday of Franklin Square to show them how they're trying to clean the ailing harbor by greening the blighted neighborhoods that drain into it. The keys to healthier waters, they explained, lie in improving the quality of life of the people who live by those waters.
Republicans are stubbornly beholden to their pledges not to raise taxes. And Democrats are well aware of their peril if they allow slices to be taken out of safety net spending on Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. It's an ideological showdown.
"It's a real classic, one that's rarely seen in such good condition," Imhof said.
The most recent example of staying too long was Madonna's halftime performance at the Super Bowl on Sunday. All hail to her for still having all-world chutzpah, but someone needs to let her know that acting the coquette is not the game a member of the landed British gentry of a certain age should be playing.
OLYMPIA -- Three Clark County legislators are behind a bill that would require sexual-health education programs to incorporate lessons about sexual offenses against minors into their curriculum.
RIVERSIDE SCHOOLS
After parading through the streets in red-white-and-blue tracksuits, chanting, "No Olympics," Fred and Carrie wind up meeting Greg Louganis, and they all get into hot tubs as Louganis sings the praises of the Olympics. Louganis is game and energetic, which helps. I also liked Carrie's throwaway line in response to Louganis saying the Olympics could bring people from everywhere: "Most people in Portland are from Brooklyn." Anyway, Fred and Carrie are won over.
Booths also will feature handmade knitted items, books, T-shirts and Serbian souvenirs.
REMEMBER ME? Former Tigers closer Fernando Rodney got his third save in as many chances Wednesday, retiring the Tigers in order in the ninth. Rodney is filling in for another former Tigers closer, the injured Kyle Farnsworth.
Brill also defends his move north as a simple matter of fiscal necessity. The costs of running his San Francisco facility had risen to a point where Crushpad had to "move up to Wine Country or go out of business."
Judges are taking stiffer measures when they do find out. Last month, Florida juror Jacob Jock was held in contempt of court and sentenced to three days in jail after he used Facebook to "friend" a defendant in a personal-injury case. (Mr. Jock said the friend request was accidental.)
I'm sure Harris will be in demand from members of the media after the game. It will be interesting to see whether he talks. He is one of the most engaging and entertaining interviews on the team.
Also entering CompTIA's Hall of Fame this week is Earl Pace, co-founder of national Black Data Processor Associates organization. The BDPA was founded in 1975 to promote education and career advancement among minorities in information technology industries. Among the more than 50 nationwide chapters, Pace said BDPA Chicago members have historically enjoyed superior ties to the business and corporate communities.
Metro officials recommended approval of the franchise, concluding that the company was qualified, and the proposal would not have a negative impact on the neighborhood.
The country's borrowing rates have risen sharply this week -- and jumped further on Friday -- on fears that Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi does not have the political strength to implement the reforms.
Memo to Baron Davis: You can now take all the time you need rehabbing your back.
Heins had unveiled a prototype touchscreen BlackBerry on Tuesday.
FOP president Derrick Hatcher said he would call an emergency executive board meeting so the 34 union board members could vote on whether to float the proposal to the entire union, roughly 1,033 officers. City officials said they would suspend the layoffs until Tuesday, Nov. 30 in order for the entire membership to weigh in.
As the district was appointing the task force and seeking federal dollars, some enterprising principals in L.A. schools began making back-of-the-envelope assessments of teachers using raw test scores.
But Chaim Schochet is unlike any other 25-year-old in Cleveland.
Her testimony brought her face to face with Senate Minority Leader E.J. Pipkin, an audit committee member who called for her resignation last week over the problems at the SHA. On Tuesday, the Eastern Shore Republican grilled the secretary about what he called a "culture of corruption" at the agency and implied that she was at fault, but he did not use the occasion to explicitly demand her ouster.
The author of "One Hundred Years of Solitude" and "Love in the Time of Cholera" in the 1998 film takes part in a conversation with an old friend.
"I've been the same guy my whole life, in San Diego, and did I back up the talk there more than I have here? Maybe so, probably so," Peavy said. "I'm not proclaiming anything. When I say I want to win and I want that dog-pile with my teammates, there's nothing cocky or arrogant coming from that from my behalf.
So despite heavy losses from a unit that was fourth in the nation in total defense (262.2 yards per game), third against the rush (96.7 ypg), eight vs. the pass (165.5), fifth in scoring defense (14.3) and fourth in turnover margin (+1.15), no one is sitting around expecting the Buckeyes to be a sieve on that side of the ball.
Box office clout: Her last movie, "We Bought a Zoo" got $75.5 million, or about $75 million more than the title would indicate.
In order to understand and properly appreciate contemporary detective fiction, it is vital to look back to the past. That can be hard to do when one's nominal occupation requires staying on top -- and reading many -- of the year's releases, which total in the thousands in a given 12-month period. But even the shop-worn excuse of "too many books to read" wears thin after a while.
New England Revolution vs. D.C. United, time TBD
Fleshman has been mostly missing in action since the 2008 Olympic Trials. She stayed near the front deep into the 5,000, putting herself in position to make a move with 600 remaining.
"We will review all information in order to make an appropriate decision," said Sandra Haiflich, Agua Fria Union High School District's human resources director.
Authorities said the operation netted nearly $2 million a year by peddling heroin, cocaine, marijuana and ecstasy.
What you'll see: Six homes, including a vintage Tudor-style cottage; a 1920s home with radiators salvaged from a church; a designer's art- and mural-filled home; a newly built Spanish Colonial style home with hand-crafted features; and a ranch-style home that combines family heirlooms with contemporary elements.
13 MAPLELEAF LN $180,000
Not now. But someday.
His wife, Alexis McCarthy, 21, had been at the Marine base since before 9 p.m. Monday. With her best friend, Page Rivers, 19, and Cpl. Alex Rivers, 21, along with a corgi named Buddy, she anxiously awaited McCarthy's return.
It has helped them take a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven series.
The city has yet to announce plans for the Willamette Falls Drive building once the new station is occupied.
Shortcomings: Handling, fuel economy, control usability
Sanchez (2-0) scattered seven hits and issued one walk while fanning five and Edward Mujica pitched a scoreless ninth for his first save of the year.
A home and garden show demonstration launched the story about hydroponics, which she called "a spreading concept," dating to ancient Babylon.
Some army-controlled corporations have been around for decades, such as El Nasr Co. for Services and Maintenance, founded in 1988 and managed by retired Gen. Ali Fahmy. The company's website, in English and Arabic, says it has 7,750 employees and provides pest elimination, car repairs, crane rentals and nurseries.
Where: Mount Calvary Lutheran Church, 12826 Lorain Ave., Cleveland.
One way that companies can raise output without adding jobs is to squeeze more production from their existing staff. The Labor Department said in a separate report Thursday that productivity rose by 6.9 percent in the fourth quarter. And labor costs fell at a 5.9 percent rate.
While Colombian cumbia and vallenato have worked their way into the world music mainstream, thanks partly to the popularity of pop singers Shakira and Carlos Vives, marimba is just now making inroads, said Will Sabatini, an L.A.-based DJ known as DJ Sabo. He attended the festival last year by happenstance, after being hired to work a show at a Cali nightclub.
Elsewhere in the East, mild weather was expected across the Midwest, Northeast and Great Lakes due to high pressure moving in to dry out the region. However, a mild system would develop in the Central Plains as it moved off the Central Rockies, which may bring another day of scattered showers and thunderstorms.
Jim was hooked. The next year, with a new partner, he won his world title.
New federal funding becomes available to state Medicaid programs that choose to cover preventive services for patients at little or no cost.
I know firsthand the workload that a legislator is faced with, and I also know firsthand the work ethic that a majority of legislators bring to office. While the legislature's workload has been decreasing over the last several years, the net compensation for state employees has decreased and the workload has increased. State employees have dealt with these changes with the understanding that when things got better in the broader economy the burden would lessen.
The French automaker Renault discussed building cars for Penske but Renault spokeswoman Frederique Le Greves said in an e-mail Thursday that "the conditions for an agreement have not been found." She said the decision was made by the Renault executive board.
Because Beavers lacked insurance, there was little money to be recouped, and the Fletchers couldn't find an attorney to take their civil case. They feel justice was never served.
Italian Kinder Eggs. Each egg is made out of an exterior layer of dark chocolate, with an inside layer of white chocolate. Crack the eggs open, and you find a funky ceramic toy. We sampled a half dozen, and the toys included a snail with the leaning tower of Pisa as its shell, and a bust of disgraced former International Monetary Fund managing director Dominique Strauss-Kahn -- because really, nothing says Easter more than that guy!
Favorite subject: Math. "It is straightforward, powerful and descriptive. I enjoy the 'aha' moments when I solve a problem."
"I think it's helped that Nick is my son," said Colleen. "I found the more people on board with you, the better. You can't give up. That's the message people need to know."
"Last year was the worst: the whole month of April it seemed like it rained and May was pretty bad too," he said. "I do think people are in a better mood when it's sunny and warm. And when they're in a better mood, they buy more stuff."
They had planned to marry, she says, just never found the time.
1/4 cup crumbled mild, soft feta cheese or soft goat cheese
When one school bus disappeared, police wondered who would steal it. Then another went missing, and another, until the total reached eight and the mystery deepened.
But four years later, after a string of donor drives, he is still popping oxycodone to take the edge off his pain.
Consumers who are avoiding products by Limbaugh's advertisers are engaged, whether they know it or not, in what's known in labor law as a secondary boycott. This means boycotting a company you have no grievance with, except that it does business with someone you do have a grievance with. Secondary boycotts are generally frowned on, or in some cases (not this one) actually illegal, on the grounds that enough is enough. And there's sense to that outside the labor context too. Do we want conservatives organizing boycotts of advertisers on MSNBC, or either side boycotting companies that do business with other companies who advertise on Limbaugh's orRachel Maddow's shows?
Evan Longoria took a right turn out of the Tampa Bay clubhouse and walked a few feet before stepping in front of a group of reporters huddled around a lineup board that will not list his name for the next four to eight weeks.
Sweet inspiration: Will Rogers State Historic Park, Pacific Palisades. Among several trails that thread through this 186-acre park is one that leads to the aptly named Inspiration Point, a 2-mile round trip that climbs 300 feet into the mountains to a flat-topped knoll. There you'll feel you're on top of the world, with a panorama that takes in the Santa Monica Bay, the San Gabriel Mountains and, on a clear day, even Santa Catalina Island.
Under the two Klamath Basin agreements, four PacifiCorp dams on the Klamath River could fall, salmon could reclaim 350 miles of a legendary salmon run, tribes could see fishing grounds restored and Oregon farmers could get guaranteed water supplies.
Yerger says emails sent by Eaton Chief Counsel Vic Leo to other Eaton attorneys, including Mark McGuire, Eaton's top lawyer, showed that they knew about Peters improper activities
No date was set for the new stock sale. The offering price will likely be changed to match market demand.
At a Sunday-evening "general assembly" of about 40 protesters, discussion was meandering and chaotic.
Jerry Rooks, who testified at the trial, said he was 12 years old when he overheard admissions by some of the defendants. He recently told The Star, however, that investigators pressured him to say that defendant Richard Brown was involved in the crime.
They'll base a new budget on an assumption that Brown's income and sales tax package will be approved by voters and generate about $9 billion.
"Great Lakes metropolitan areas that specialize in the production of autos, auto parts and related durable goods are recovering strongly from the recession," the report said.
In Winnipeg, the hat made its debut on Hockey Night in Canada when Perron, who had a goal and the shootout clincher in a 3-2 win, donned it for the cameras.
personal approval before any stray could be euthanized. However heartfelt, the decision smacked of micro-management by the head of a department responsible for the city's lead abatement programs, sexually transmitted disease monitoring and treatment, clean-air ordinances, food safety inspections, emergency preparedness and much more.
Police did not say where Guerra Guadron was arrested, but DiPaolo said he was not caught in the act of assaulting the girl.
When Weeden, 28, was prominent on the Broncos' radar, the pursuit of Manning was just beginning and Tim Tebow was still the team's starting quarterback. At that time, Weeden was seen as a mature player ready to play quickly and handle working in the swirl of public interest around Tebow. Weeden will turn 29 during his rookie season because he didn't play college football until he had finished a stint in minor-league baseball.
Department of Natural Resources biologist John Castrale said the mother, KathyQ, was about a day and a half behind the average hatching period this year. Normal incubation period for peregrine falcons is up to 33 days, but James-Reim said she estimates the eggs' incubation period is longer than that.
After hitting Triozzi, the man lingered on the scene -- waiting for police to arrive, Triozzi said.
"I think we're the last generation to have any political passion," Natalie complains, which is odd since her husband's now an oil-company VIP with a personal sommelier and lavish wine collection.
When together, Lane, Dennehy and Falls all banter brashly and easily about their Irish Catholic upbringings and how they certainly have that in common with O'Neill, who rejected the church early in his life.
Times staff writer Luis Perez contributed to this report.
But there's no salary cap for coaches, and with New York locked into the huge contracts of Carmelo Anthony and Amare Stoudemire through the 2014-15 season, Jackson might be the one coach who can get those seemingly mismatched stars to mesh.
"The bill is really a test now of whether Congress can govern," he said.
Whatever the decision, it will have big political and policy implications. Making all the tax cuts permanent would add about $3.9 trillion to the national debt over the next decade. Obama's plan to make the wealthy pay more would reduce that added debt by about $700 billion.
Robert Gundersen, 23, who at one time worked at a Bedminster day care center, was convicted in connection with the incidents in Bedminster between 2006 and 2010, said Somerset County Prosecutor Geoffrey Soriano.
Otherwise, America's foreign creditors will start to figure out that another half-decade of U.S. spendaholism and they're likely to wind up like Dania Suarez: You loan the U.S. Government $800 billion, and come the due day the treasury secretary reaches in his pocket and says: "So how about we call it 28 bucks even?"
In the end, Adamson said Clayton's effort to control its budget is less severe than neighboring districts. Atlanta Public Schools, for instance, announced this week it will eliminate 350 jobs next year to cut about $47 million from its budget.
The newspaper found at least 248 officers and firefighters from 53 agencies obtained anabolic steroids and other hormones through a Jersey City doctor, Joseph Colao, who often faked diagnoses and illegally sold growth hormone on the side. Colao has since died, but The Star-Ledger found many of his patients continued their treatments with other anti-aging doctors.
"I'm often asked if Romney is conservative enough and my answer is simple, 'compared to Barack Obama?' You know this is not a choice between Mitt Romney and Ronald Reagan, this is a choice between Mitt Romney and the most radical leftist president in American history."
The Buckeyes haven't been to the Outback Bowl since Jan. 1, 2002, and since then five Big Ten teams have gone to Tampa.
WOODBURY
Broadcasters end shows all the time, of course. But in the 38-year-old Emerson's case, his career has paralleled a period of seismic shifts in how people consume information. When he started in radio, broadcasters were still going after the largest audience possible. But the rise of technology has led to an increasing focus on narrowcasting, which allows listeners to find programming that fits their highly specific niche interests, whether it be podcasts about comic books, cable channels devoted to golf or Facebook groups for video game fans.
Kaye also is a member of the Rock Hall's nominating committee, co-author of Waylon Jennings' autobiography and compiler of "Nuggets," a seminal garage-rock anthology.
1. Indianapolis Colts (2-14)
"We can't have any surprises with our candidate," Rep. Michele Bachmann says, in a Web ad released by Gingrich's new political action committee. As she speaks, an image of Cain shatters.
Beyond that, Seneca sees other storm clouds threatening U.S. and world economies, and by extension, New Jersey's.
Garden volunteers worked hard at that location to get it off the ground, Lewis said. A volunteer from Dodge Nature Center tilled the soil. Others put up lightweight fencing to keep people from casually walking through the plots. Wood chips were put down to delineate 24 plots measuring 10-by-10-feet, and the city established 26 rules for how the individual plots would have to be maintained. When opened to the public, they were all spoken for within a week and a half, Lewis said.
And if someone passed a law that made TV and books mutually exclusive, I'm not aware of that, either.
Brendan Ryan did that. Yadier Molina did that at one point. Matt Holliday and others have talked about how they have to fight that urge. Hitting coach Mark McGwire said it's a big part of his job to keep a hitter believing in his approach when the results don't.
When the subject came up this week in Washington, Democratic U.S. Rep. George Miller of California quipped, "If the Republicans want to drug test people who get benefits from the federal government, I suggest they look at Wall Street bank executives who drove our economy into the ditch in the first place."
4. How did UC get the nickname Bearcats?
interpretations, has been enforced in varied degrees, and has been implemented in different parts of the world at various times in history. Just like any body of law, there is much debate amongst Muslims regarding the application and interpretation of certain areas of Islamic law. Sharia provides guidance on issues such as the proper preparation of food and meat (similar to how kosher requirements are based on Jewish law), the requirements of certain financial transactions, the manner in which to pass on assets to heirs, the requirements of paying charity for the poor, and the provisions required in a contract of an Islamic marriage. When discussing Sharia, it is unfortunate that only some aspects of this huge body of law get all the media and public attention. It seems that all we hear regarding Sharia are certain criminal punishments and polygamy laws that are enforced in some Muslim countries. The vast majority of the Sharia that deals with the mundane issues of daily life are never mentioned or discussed.
Revenues from home sales rose 13 percent to $184.7 million during the quarter, and the company closed on 619 homes, a 12 percent increase from the first quarter a year earlier.
Cosgrove said after the meeting, "This is a great day. We are beginning to address an issue that is important to every aspect of life in Cleveland -- from health to financial.
"We're trying to get together anyone with an interest in keeping rec centers open and in public hands," she said, "so they won't work individually on this, and we can have a serious intervention."
Designated player Diego Chara also made his season debut after arriving in Los Angeles on Saturday morning. Chara, signed by the Timbers on April 13, replaced central midfielder James Marcelin at halftime.
40-year professor of biology and environmental studies at the University of Michigan-Dearborn
The automated call said Democratic Gov. Martin O'Malley and President Barack Obama, who was not on the ballot, had been "successful" in that day's election. The calls were made while the polls were still open and the votes uncounted. The robocall told voters that "our goals have been met. The polls are correct, and we took it back. We're OK. Relax. Everything's fine. The only thing left is to watch it on TV tonight."
hard-fought runoff in the redrawn 23rd Congressional District in southwest Texas.
$3 Anonymous
Curran says Roosevelt insisted that BPA structures have plenty of flourish and that the landscaping blossom with flowers and water features.
The hormonal treatment "theoretically can influence postnatal behavior, not just genital differentiation," said Ken Zucker, psychologist in chief of the Center for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto, who studies gender identity. "Some people refer to girls with CAH as experiments of nature because you've got this condition and you can take advantage of studying it."
"And I've been cooking since I was a little kid with my grandma and other family members," he said. "I like creating stuff that people enjoy."
The Fire Valor Award winner was Woodside Fire Protection District Public Education Officer Selena Brown.
The had lost 18 of their past 25 against the Phillies before Wednesday, and for much of the ninth it looked like the mental edge would only grow for the five-time defending NL East champions.
"What motivates me, as a woman business owner, is the intrinsic gratification that I get from supporting other moms who go into business and getting their designs out there," she said.
"I do think, at the end of the day, our kids graduate ready for life, college and career."
Playing out in a conservative state, the race illustrated the electorate's animosity toward many incumbents and anyone with deep ties to Washington. That was clear when Lugar, who hasn't faced questions about his residency in decades, found himself on the defensive over whether he lived in Indiana or northern Virginia. Lugar also was cast as too moderate for the conservative GOP in Indiana, and he took heat for his work with Democrats on issues such as nuclear nonproliferation, underscoring deep polarization in the country as well as a split in the GOP between the establishment wing and the insurgent tea party.
He was the major owner, chief executive and board member of Sanoma Corp., which grew into one of the Nordic region's largest media groups. He was a board member of News Corp. from 1992-2003.
ST. JOSEPH -- Lions running back Mikel Leshoure pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of misdemeanor possession of marijuana Friday at the Berrien County District Courthouse.
Adams will determine Romanini's sentence, based partly on the contractor's argument about the work. Even though Romanini pleaded guilty to a bribery offense, his attorneys claim the work was a gratuity, or something given as a reward. If Adams agrees, Romanini could get a lighter sentence.
Inductees will be revealed in December, and the ceremony will be in March 14 at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York City.
On Nov. 11, police responded to a call reporting that a woman had been shot, and later that day to a report of a dead body in a bus behind a business near the house.
The money, she said, is designed to strengthen and create health-care jobs, buy new equipment, help prevent chronic disease and more.
The company's instruments and medical divisions also donated medical products, beds and mattresses to Physicians for Peace, which has nurses and doctors currently assisting with the rebuild of a Port-au-Prince hospital, she added. Stryker "matched dollar for dollar more than $100,000 in employee contributions to the Red Cross/Crescent and UNICEF," Larson said.
By the time the Cardinals took the field for Game 6 last night, it was already clear that win or lose, this World Series would go down as Tony La Russa's greatest feat.
Three men were charged Tuesday afternoon with second-degree murder and first-degree robbery in connection with the Dec. 24 shooting death of Brandon P. Joyce, 26, who died at 3:50 a.m. Tuesday.
FIELDING BIBLE AWARDS -- A newcomer to the realm of awards, The Fielding Bible awards are based on the book by the same name. Dewan is the originator of both the book and these awards. To determine the winners, Dewan convenes a panel of experts that includes esteemed baseball writers like Bill Neyer and Peter Gammons. Metrics are also involved, and a vote of fans who are organized to "scout" defense is integreated into the final tally. Albert Pujols is a favorite of The Fielding Bible Awards. The Cardinals' first baseman -- um, wait, free agent first baseman -- has won the award at his position in five of the six seasons of the award.
ESPN bracket: No. 12 seed
The neurologist says there is no indication of any brain damage, according to Copeland. The cardiopulmonologist says that her lungs are slowly healing, he added.
After graduating from Rockwell College, a Tipperary boarding school, he entered University College in Dublin, where he earned his medical degree in 1956.
Payne, a Democrat who represented New Jersey's 10th congressional district for 23 years, was placed in hospice care and died at roughly 2:30 this morning, according to two officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to speak on behalf of the Payne family.
The number of people receiving unemployment aid ticked up slightly last week. The total benefit rolls rose to 7.5 million in the week ended Feb. 11, the latest data available. That's up nearly 12,000 from the previous week but down from nearly 7.7 million in late January.
22. TE Ben Watson: Production was down due to three concussions.
He stood before the cameras one week ago, a sympathetic figure with road burn raging across his nose, cheeks and forehead. Clearly, it was too late for Bobby Petrino to save his face.
"A person with diabetes and no cardiovascular history has the same risk of having a heart attack as a person who has had a prior heart attack," said Dr. Ruchi Mathur, an endocrinologist at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles.
He writes about Jaguars running back Maurice Jones-Drew:
I didn't foresee the time, years later, when allowing your pants to hang down around your hips would be considered a fashion statement.
For Pesin, the festival was the 1969 Woodstock rock festival all over again.
Republican Gov. John Kasich, who supports the bill overhauling the collective bargaining law, recently said bad information about SB 5 is influencing the opposition.
According to the forecasters, we can look for calm wind becoming southwest between 5 and 8 miles per hour.
807 Seal Pointe Drive, $1,050,000, 03-07-12, 2,660 SF, 4 BR
CMU is asking that anyone who participated in a social event and had close personal contact with Collins between April 30 and May 3 to contact their local health department or healthcare provider. The Wayne County Health Department is investigating, according to the university's e-mail.
She shares her knowledge of design with George when he's noodling around with ideas for his apparel: "Those questions that took me five years to figure out, he just asks me."
So where did the other several dozen students go? The school district's human resources director Ernie Brown told the board that it was mostly due to the drop in high school students, something that will continue to occur cyclically throughout the school year.
The couple only learned about that problem when a neighbor mentioned it.
But, by design, the posted comments underneath these stories don't have that type of filter. For one thing, we don't want to curb conversation among readers. And as a practical matter, we can't monitor the comments under every story 24 hours a day. And as a legal matter, if we start hand-editing comments for content, we might be liable for any defamatory posts. So, we have an automatic filter for naughty words and we have a "Report Abuse" button that will under certain circumstances automatically remove posts readers find objectionable. We purposely don't say how it works because we don't want people to manipulate it for the wrong reasons. In short, we provide these boards; readers control them.
The economy expanded at a 2.2 percent annual rate in the first quarter after a 3 percent pace in the final three months of 2011, Commerce Department figures showed last week. Growth was led by the biggest gain in consumer spending in more than a year.
"The conference championship plaques from all the different sports go up on the wall, and that wall is pretty full right now," Bassler said. "But these kids have an opportunity to put this team into the trophy case, which is where all of the firsts in school history are displayed."
The headquarters of New Jersey Nets was the latest stop for these two Buckeye basketball players Tuesday, and it was obvious the scandal has come up repeatedly after the seniors showcased their talents for next week's draft.
A legendary guerrilla leader in the Cuban Revolution that ousted dictator Fulgencio Batista in 1959, Guevara stumbled in his 1960s struggles. Virtually exiled from Cuba after differing with Castro and Cuba's Soviet patrons, he suffered an ignominious defeat alongside anti-U.S. rebels in Congo before meeting his demise in a secluded Bolivian canyon at the end of a quixotic 11-month campaign.
Toyota said the RAV4 EV requires six hours to fully recharge at a 240-volt outlet. Toyota's warranty will cover the lithium-ion battery pack supplied by Tesla for eight years or 100,000 miles.
What's happening in Mission Bay reflects the struggle of middle-class families -- teachers, engineers and plumbers -- to enjoy a few vacation days during one of the worst recessions in a generation.
The funding formula is currently before the state Supreme Court, in a motion brought by the Newark school advocacy group Education Law Center, which could force Christie to spend even more on schools.
The work will widen Route D and add shoulders between Highway 94 and Route DD.
Among the targeted technologies is optical laser communications, which would eliminate the need for large radio antennas aboard spacecraft.
And if promoters tend to overstate the returns, Coates said, public officials tend to understate the costs. The millions of dollars the city agreed to spend on roadwork and infrastructure "isn't the entire cost" to taxpayers, failing to account for such expenses as extra police and cleanup, Coates said. (Rawlings-Blake announced Friday that the roadwork cost $6.5 million, or $1.19 million less than projected. A spokesman said much if not all of the cost of providing extra city staff and services for the event will be reimbursed by racing promoters.)
If you've earned a diploma, you have the math skills to set a budget, which simply means listing your monthly income after taxes and subtracting your monthly expenses.
Peter Senior 35-38-73
Sounds an awful lot like "Halo"...
Pearce says he and Jiang knew they were home when they realized the door would fit like a glove -- not one adjustment needed.
Pettis (knee) was limited in practice Thursday, as was Danario Alexander (hamstring). But the Rams are a more optimistic at this point about Pettis playing Sunday than Alexander, who has missed the last four games. It's possible that special teams core player Dominique Curry could get work at wide receiver if needed.
I would hope this paper would show more forethought in the future when publishing pieces like this. Since pit bulls cannot speak themselves, perception becomes reality. Anti-pit bull laws and low adoption rates are determined, in large part, by public perception, and when such uninformed arguments like this get exposure, innocent animals can quite possibly die, languishing in shelters or euthanized. I can understand, to an extent, the writer's ignorance on this issues, but what I can not do is excuse it, as lives literally hang in the balance within the context of this discussion. Those lives may not matter to some, but they do to myself and about 99 percent of people of all races who have ever gone beyond there inculcated biases and had a genuine interaction with a pit bull.
2012 Non-Equity Jeff Awards Nominees:
Mark & Trudy Linson
The cities had been served by the Grass Lake Water Management Organization (GLWMO), but its five-member board voted last month to dissolve the organization and recommended that the Minnesota Board of Soil and Water Resources transfer its 8-square-mile area to the neighboring Ramsey-Washington district.
His choice of racing fuel affects a slew of people: His wife, Tarah, and 20-month-old daughter, McKayla, who live in a small house in Kentucky, and the people back home he wants to see live better lives.
The church's resonant acoustics should add to the specialness of the event, presented by Stanford Lively Arts.
The company's share price dropped Tuesday on news that there were no competing offers, but still stayed above Apollo's buyout price. Shares of Cedar Fair closed at $12.55, down 1.8 percent, or 23 cents.
Ok, now that we have that cleared up, let's check out who won the starting RB job:
WHAT HAPPENED: Miguel Cabrera's two-run homer in the first launched the Tigers to the romp. Prince Fielder hit his first Tigers homer in the third, when he and Alex Avila both cleared the opposite-field fence in left. Then Cabrera and Fielder homered back-to-back in the fifth. That made five homers off Boston right-hander Josh Beckett. Duane Below took over for Doug Fister (strained side) in the fourth and went 2 1/3 shutout innings for the win.
419-734-1742
Favorite book: Dogs Don't Tell Jokes (Louis Sachar)
The Pacers entered the season wanting to build off the success they had when they reached the playoffs for the first time in five years last season.
"There's an assumption that the providers should have all the information and you should just take at face value what the provider tells you," says Dr. Peter Angood, a trauma surgeon and vice president and chief patient safety officer for the Joint Commission, a national organization that accredits hospitals and other healthcare facilities. "One of the biggest things we can do in healthcare is to help patients understand that they need to be better consumers -- it's good to question, to ask for clarification and solicit second opinions as needed."
Holloway said she has no exempt material and hasn't violated the law. She said she has uncovered evidence of corruption and mismanagement at CRW and that the records she has document the misconduct.
Northland, for example, would assist someone from Kiev, Ukraine, who contacted an online missionary to find a church, or other Christians with whom to form a church. Northland is developing online materials to assist with church-creation issues such as "What is the church?" and "How do you form a simple church?"
"I might go through my mail and say, 'This is trash, this is a bill.' They will have a hard time deciding what's important and what's not," Turner said.
"Very shocking, and it was a great day," Couples said after a 5-under 67, which gave him a share of the lead with Jason Dufner. "There was a lot going on there, and for me to be a part of it, it's really amazing."
"CSI: NY" (9 p.m., CBS)
That was the whole idea.
1320 Castro St., San Francisco; (415) 285-0250 or contigosf.com. Dinner nightly. Beer and wine.
But overall sound team defense can't be casually dismissed, especially on those occasions when the Tigers can't consistently crush the ball enough against the better teams like Texas to hit through their defensive inadequacies.
Chances are, fishing also will be pretty good.
"It is all about getting people engaged," Emerson said. "If we take care of our people and they are happy, they will take care of the clients. If we take care of our clients, they talk to others."
Callers will be offered information about programs that might help with daily activities, and about 6 percent with high needs -- perhaps 1,800 over a year -- will be linked to county social service professionals for a face-to-face evaluation.
2 to 3 tablespoons finely minced white onion
The Ravens rebounded from last month's loss to win their last five, with Heap - who missed nearly all the Dec. 5 game with a hamstring injury - making 10 catches against Kansas City. Ray Rice was held to 52 yards in the two regular-season games, but is the only opposing back in 50 games to run for more than 100 yards against the Steelers' league-leading rushing defense.
African American students contended that the party was part of an overall attitude of harassment and exclusion at the La Jolla campus.
Indeed, despite the personal nature of the allegations, Cain maintained the upbeat, straight-talking persona at his press club appearance that has helped to fuel his success so far.
"I'd be calling myself," she said, laughing.
"I definitely support the teachers going on strike," Bentatou said. "The teachers are definitely underpaid. ... A lot work long hours and work hard to serve the students."
"He was so smart and loving, but only those who knew him well realized that," Marks said.
A few inconvenient facts: The city earnings tax rate has been at a steady 1 percent since the late 1950s. Revenue, meanwhile, does not reflect any major outward migration of jobs. Rather, in recent years it steadily increased every year, rising 16 percent between
We're second in the nation to get a taste of an ambitious, unproven, new technology called WiMAX. It beams super-fast Web access from cell phone towers all over the metro area to you, wherever you are.
"No light rail! No trains! Too costly. This is not New York City. Cheapest is best. What is wrong with more highway lanes? You are not considering those of us who want to use our cars," commented one resident at an open house in Woodbury earlier this month.
Had he been convicted, Runge, 22, of St. Peters, could have faced a sentence of up to life in prison, with the possibility of parole.
The Bend Bulletin reports that six people have been sickened since March in the Central Oregon county of about 27,000 people.
The win advances Zumwalt West to the semifinal round at 7 p.m. Tuesday, where the Jags and St. Joseph's will vie for a spot in the tournament championship on Wednesday.
As part of the makeshift memorial at the house, a black guest book was placed Thursday afternoon on top of a folding chair. It quickly filled with hundreds of heartfelt tributes.
Triple H vs. The Undertaker with Shawn Michaels as guest referee
"It was a French song for which an English lyric was created with no success," Feinstein said. "Then Jack wrote a new English lyric, which was successful with an anthemic sort of lyric that matched the majesty of the tune.
Building owner Reed Dow has said he plans to restore the one-story structure, most recently home to crime-scene restoration firm Dow Columbia, to its original 1925 look. Cibo's 2,000-square-foot space, about 25 percent of the building, will have wrap-around windows looking both south onto Division and east onto 35th Place.
Back at Margaret's, she gathers the staff and tells them they're going to be scaling back salaries after the current week.
In its win, Columbia fell behind twice only to tie it each time. Then, the Eagles took their first lead nearly four minutes into the second half on a 23-yard pass from Alex Schlemmer to Cole Mallinckrodt. Columbia then put it away with a big 54-yard scoring run from Logan Santanello two-and-a-half minutes into the fourth quarter.
Matt contacts his trio of superiors back at CIA headquarters, played by Brendan Gleeson, Vera Farmiga and Sam Shepard, who order Matt to stay mobile and hold on to Tobin until reinforcements arrive.
Although Featherland Farms has bought from other breeders, it tested its flocks before the shipments of Keith Smith Co. eggs and they came up clean for salmonella, said Paul Kundtz, a lawyer representing Featherland in the suit.
He said that conclusion is based not only on the inferior steel used, but lack of a maker's trademark or a beveled edge characteristic of factory-made pipe.
The census data also shows median household income, median home value and percent of the population that is foreign born for everyone in the community, regardless of ethnicity.
When the deal is completed, Rogers will become an executive chairman of the new company and advise it on strategic matters while serving as lead spokesperson on energy policy.
Four years ago, McGovern said maybe two or three players attended his weekly Bible studies. Now, that number is a solid 10 to 12 each week, and it comes from a group of 25 players and coaches, because with treatment and training, not everyone can make it to each class. The roster has 53 players, with another 20 or so coaches.
The bureau will continue to work through staffing issues, and how best to use resources "to ensure public safety needs are met within Portland,'' according to the bureau's prepared release.
CORDOVA 60, EL CAMINO 51
God created man in the image of himself, in the image of God he created him, male and female he created them. God blessed them, saying to them, 'Be fruitful, multiply, fill the earth and subdue it.' (Gen. 1:27-28)
Better that, I suppose, than having to look at a singer who can't hit a note.
Exchange 14, Kiwanis 4
The IRS compares returns against norms based on a random sample of returns, according to the IRS website. An experienced auditor reviews the return and refers it to an examining group if anything appears questionable. A manager determines if the return should be audited.
Tim McLoone and The Shirleys will perform at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at the Sea Bright Public Beach bandstand area located in the municipal parking lot. Fireworks will begin at dusk, sponsored by the Sea Bright Beach Clubs. Call (732) 842-0099.
Will we substantively change our tune and our approach if the missile failure is followed by an increasingly likely nuclear weapon test to, presumably, validate the new supreme leader? Our previous track record leads one (and the DPRK) to conclude, "no."
From Summerwood it's a straight shot over the 101 to Templeton for a quick taste of the area's other bright star, artisanal agriculture. Every Saturday morning from 9 to 12 Templeton holds a farmers market that I am told trumps the one in Paso Robles. I have been to farmers markets all over the state but never one where you could shop for sustainable meats, from beef to lamb to pork, from animals that did their grazing a few miles away. Looking at the gorgeous lettuces and tomatoes, I remember that kitchenette at Villa Toscana.
Chosen by independent judges, this year's 16 honorees include the famous and the obscure -- a hospital, two nuns, former Gov. William G. Milliken and John Dingell, the longest-serving member of the U.S. House of Representatives.
Could a reader help with a recipe for what used to be called Marshmallow Creme Frosting or Marshmallow Fluff Frosting? It was my favorite as a kid.
But by lunchtime, the gains were gone. The major indexes wavered the rest of the day and closed slightly lower.
Directors: Patrick Doyon; William Joyce and Brandon Oldenburg; Enrico Casaroasa; Grant Orchard and Sue Goffe; Amanda Forbis and Wendy Tilby, and others
Opposing teams have found themselves mugged by the murderers row Waterloo has assembled. Particularly problematic for pitchers have
Soldan (7-3) advances to face top-ranked MICDS (10-0) in the Class 4 regional round Wednesday. The game will be played at Kirkwood High.
"The kids college-bound now are simply more savvy about the value of an undergraduate degree," said Robert Franek, a senior vice president with The Princeton Review, which publishes a mix of college guides and help books.
Inside there's a cherry wood-edged counter with 10 seats, a blackboard with the menu and daily specials. The focal point, in the corner, is the wood-fired oven. The wall opposite the dining counter is lined with handsome shelves that display 30 different wines that can be opened to drink with your meal or purchased to take home.
But also, maybe it's worth acknowledging that the Blazers haven't done much in the last few months to indicate they're moving in the right direction.
He later testified that it was difficult to hear his brother because Bruce Turnidge was taking a walk around his farm and the wind was blowing during the conversation. He said he couldn't recall for sure what Bruce Turnidge said, adding that he felt the lawyers for Joshua Turnidge were skewing his account to fit their objectives of clearing their client.
Overall, there were 1,115 sales -- the fewest transactions of any year since 1990.
Multiple accidents yesterday and overnight have generated numerous traffic-related injury reports from San Diego police.
January 2013 marks the end of every Clark County legislator's term. Most have already raised tens of thousands of dollars for the fight to keep their current seats, though their campaigns remain largely in the planning stage.
Upon such hallucinations, state budgets rise and rise and rise until, eventually, they fall.
Titanic's sister ship Olympic departs New York for Southampton, where her master, Captain E.J. Smith, will take command of the White Star Line's new flagship, Titanic. This was destined to be Capt. Smith's last visit to New York, a port Titanic will never reach.
Graham's greatest achievement came in 1970 with the completion of the mixed-use Hancock Center.
Splendeur: Vancouver United Harvest
This year, the repeal bill had record numbers of co-sponsors: 66 in the House and 19 in the Senate. Although most senators support repealing the death penalty, there are only five votes and not the six-vote majority needed in the Senate committee that considers the legislation. The Senate leadership controls the committee system, which at present thwarts the will of the majority.
OK, they do share the low-light. But instead of street dust, at Bodega you get stardust.
After practice and a 10-minute mandatory video on concussions, Peters stayed late for a short talk with assistant coach Jim Petersen, who works with the post players.
On Thursday, Tilley met with about a dozen University of Missouri students who are part of a group known as Students for a Better Missouri.
ABOUT BEST WESTERN INTERNATIONAL
"We have chased a couple of deals which we did not get because we weren't up and we weren't far enough along, and they went to the suburbs," said Terry Coyne, a partner in the project and the real estate broker marketing the Euclid Tech Center. "We have nothing signed, but I'm surprised at the level of interest."
The city initially relied on Mike Higgins, former senior vice president of Portland's PGE Park, to line up the franchise but soon broke ties with him.
A loan, though, might make some sense.
He was a guardian of what movies their four young children could watch.
There were 320 murders in New Jersey in 2009, a 15 percent decline from the previous year, and the fewest murders since 2000 when 288 were reported. Other violent crimes including rape and robbery also saw declines from the previous year.
The Labor Department said weekly applications for unemployment benefits dropped for the fourth time in five weeks to the lowest point since March 2008. That was when the jobless rate was just 5.1 percent, far below the current rate of 8.3 percent.
The mayor vowed that the longer remediation will not affect talks on uses for the long-vacant property.
Indiana Manufacturers Association President Pat Kiely, a Republican, praised Lugar's support of the bailout recently as he and Indiana Chamber of Commerce President Kevin Brinegar endorsed Lugar.
"I wish we could all be here as one group," he says. "Yes, James Brown was the most famous of the Flames, but we were all Famous Flames."
"I came from a small town," McClellin said. "But I really consider myself a big city guy."
SUNRISE ST. CHARLES ROTARY TRIVIA NIGHT will take place March 10 at St. Charles Borromeo Church, 601 N. Fourth St. Doors open at 6:15 p.m. and trivia begins at 7 p.m. Cost is $160 for a table of eight and includes beer, soda and light snacks. Outside snacks and beverages are allowed. There will be a 50/50 drawing, raffles and more. Mulligans will be available. Proceeds will help fund projects at St. Charles School District/Success Campus, United Services, Community Living and others. For more information, contact Dale Bax at dbax@baxengineering.com or go to the website at www.sunriserotarysc.org.
Everything inside is related to law enforcement.
Under current law, liquor licenses cannot be issued to or used in conjunction with or on the premises of grocery store chains. Exceptions seem to abound, though, as do interpretations of those standards, with some grocery store licenses apparently "grandfathered" in and others allowed when the liquor business is owned by a separate entity.
Glasser did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
Mahmoud Bdaiwi, 42, was one of about 85,000 Muslims who were asked to register with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services after Sept. 11. Though he said he felt singled out when he was stopped at an airport and asked to fill out a form, he doesn't think internment camps are a real possibility.
G Davon Robinson, All Hallows
NEW KSBR SHOW
REUTERS Reut22:06 04-10-12
"I was part of some things that kind of swept me along with them."
Another holdover, the Zac Efron tear-jerker"The Lucky One," also had a solid second weekend in theaters, grossing $11.3 million. Driven largely by the strength of ticket sales in such cities as Atlanta, Charlotte and Cincinnati, the Nicholas Sparks adaptation has now reached about $40 million worth of receipts
New Orleans Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma was suspended without pay for the entire 2012 season by the NFL, one of four players punished Wednesday for participating in the team's cash-for-hits bounty system.
Joe Mauer entered Friday batting .129 (4-for-31) for May, but manager Ron Gardenhire doesn't think the three-time American League batting champion is letting other teams' defensive shifts in the infield get into his head.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Ann Rowland circled back to much of FBI Special Agent Kirk Spielmaker's previous testimony from Thursday during her re-direct. She tried to punctuate instances in which former county commissioner Jimmy Dimora and the Rybaks seemed to be trying to usurp the normal county process for doling out raises and jobs.
If you didn't get enough of her on "Top Chef," Falkner will battle Cat Cora in one of the upcoming "Iron Chef America" competitions on the Food Network. "This is the first time that there are two Bay Area chefs facing off,
Migliorini is a schmoozer who drops anecdotes about his family and injects self-deprecating humor into his meetings with city officials.
This year, among the 100 top-rated passers in the NCAA statistics, only five of the quarterbacks are true freshmen. And none of them are from BCS conferences. Last year, seven of the top 100-rated passers were true freshmen, and only two of them were from BCS conferences: Chas Dodd with 4-8 Rutgers, and Penn State's Rob Bolden, who lost his starting job during the season to former walk-on Matt McGloin.
For thousands of children across the city, the key to success in school seems tied to behavioral medication.
The struggling Timbers, winless in the month of May, are lacking chemistry and cohesion and a shake-up could be coming if the team's fortunes don't change soon.
Howell Central (8-2-3), No. 9 in the
"This is 100 percent preventable. Trash doesn't happen by itself. If we can get people to modify their behavior, we'll make huge gains," said Geoff Brosseau, executive director of the Bay Area Stormwater Management Agencies Association, the Menlo Park group that compiled the report.
Grandfield Street is located off Coggeshall Street in the North End.
Early line: Cardinals by 2.
4. Ron Howard is a perfect two for two at the Oscars: two nominations, two wins. He picked up statues for best director and best picture (as a producer) for "A Beautiful Mind" in 2001. He's again up for two prizes tonight (for directing and co-producing best picture nominee "Frost/Nixon"), but is an extreme long shot for both.
The truffles can be made several days in advance. If made ahead, truffles coated in cocoa powder may need to be rerolled in additional powder just before serving.
Portman, who doesn't face reelection until 2016, honed his political skills in the House of Representatives and then as President George W. Bush's trade ambassador and budget director. A member of the congressional "Supercommittee" that has less than two months left to find $1.2 trillion in debt reduction, Portman digs policy.
Hey, Miroslav: I don't foresee the Browns making a run at Luck.
SkyDrive users have been able to use 25 GB of storage for free; new SkyDrive users will be allowed 7 GB of free storage space, an amount Microsoft said is enough for 99.94% of current SkyDrive customers. People can opt to pay $10 a year for 20 GB or more of SkyDrive storage, $25 a year for 50 GB and $50 a year for 100 GB, Microsoft said in a blog post.
Washington came out with an emphasis on strong physical play in the first period that allowed it to establish an early lead. The forecheck Hunter has emphasized for offense along with cycling the puck down low and driving the net were all evident from the earliest shifts of the contest as the Capitals sought to test Nashville backup netminder Anders Lindback (19 saves) early and often.
To win Republican support, Bates says he could support a pilot project on tort
Note that the companies' criteria vary for who gets free service. Some favor young people, and some have income limits well below $57,000.
Meanwhile, the lobby cries rustic, with a front desk made from vintage dressers and signage you would expect at a 1950s drive-in. Elaine's Coffee Call, named for the hotel operator who would tend to then-resident David Mamet's beverage needs, brings a sleeker vibe with retro wall coverings and a white-brick facade.
No one is in custody, and Area Central detectives are investigating.
That prospect is not what lawmakers want. And despite his pledge to Americans for Tax Reform that he would not support tax increases, Portman's inclusion on the committee prompted cheers from both sides of the aisle. His Ohio Democratic colleague, Sen. Sherrod Brown, said that "Rob has shown a willingness to find common ground by looking at both tax reform and spending cuts in order to reduce the deficit."
Thus, taxpayers are forced to shoulder the annual increases in salaries and benefits that are extorted by unionized threats, picketing and actions.
"It was done in the darkest hour you could imagine," Gilles said. "I threw this project to the designers to keep them motivated."
After two seasons of higher than normal flu activity due to the circulation of the H1N1 virus, this year's closer-to-average season feels like a walk in the park. At least to those of us who haven't been sick.
The Sixers have not won three straight games since March 7-11.
Sara: I work in a series so have several paintings in process at a time, but usually focus on one or two works at any given moment.
Morin grounded out to first baseman Abe Ruiz and Shaun Cooper fouled out to Ruiz, ending the Utes' most serious threat to at least pull even.
Legislators did not have to vote on the change because the existing law allows the provider tax to float as high as 5.5 percent.
Even without new legislation, the health share would grow, as an aging population uses more Medicare (insurance for the elderly) and Medicaid (the joint federal-state insurance for the poor, including the very poor elderly). Obama would magnify the trend by expanding Medicaid and providing new subsidies for private insurance. Thirty million or more Americans would receive coverage.
That bear is very much awake now, and it ain't happy.
The lawsuit alleges the kind of strong-arm tactics industry insiders feared when Live Nation and Ticketmaster decided to merge in 2009. Opponents of the merger, which was approved by the Obama administration, said the resulting company would have too much leverage in the industry.
Disappointing earnings reports also helped send stocks lower. Ford Motor Co sank 12 percent after its earnings fell short of Wall Street's projections. Amazon.com Inc. fell 8.5 percent after reporting that higher costs cut down its profit margins. Microsoft Corp. lost 4 percent after it said that the profitability of its Windows division was falling.
Two, even though local-control legislation has support in the House, Mr. Nixon must believe it to be DOA in the state Senate, where outstate senators have been convinced by the St. Louis Police Officers Association and its lobbyists that local control threatens law and order.
The window of opportunity to dispute a garnishment can seem brutally short.
Baby K'tan
WASHINGTON - Seeking to recover from a prostitution scandal, the Secret Service is barring agents from taking foreign nationals back to their hotel rooms, visiting "non-reputable" establishments and drinking alcohol within 10 hours of going on duty.
Still, Northeast Ohio again will be strongly represented before and behind the cameras. These are just some of the stars and producers from this area playing big roles in the 2011-12 television season:
The El Camino Real/Downtown Specific Plan, Menlo Park envisions 680 new homes and office buildings as tall as five stories in some areas, two downtown parking garages and a cornucopia of shops, restaurants and offices.
4900 Kuawa Road, Kilauea; (808) 828-2192, www.cgkauai.net.
Students at Western International and Southwestern high schools in Detroit walked out of classes today to protest the closure of Southwestern High.
"If our rule was the right rule and it was working the way we wanted it to for our kids, it doesn't matter the financial cost," Blake said. "But it wasn't working. Kids were still showing up at one school on the first day of school. There were ways around it. So we needed to fix it."
11. Louisiana State (16-4)
As for other honors, veteran members Dick Woodward and Shirley MacLean received standing ovations for serving the company for 55 years. Also recognized were Steve Cox, who has also been with the company for 40 years, and Joanne Magness, who has served 35 years.
A spokesman for the longshoremen's union at the Port of Oakland says the union is not calling for its members to strike along with anti-Wall Street protesters.
BEER is to Denver what cream soda is to New York, vodka is to Moscow and wheat grass is to West Hollywood: an unofficial civic beverage that leans toward undesirable stereotype.
The New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services Public Health Laboratory then determined that the fox tested positive for rabies, the county agency said.
"I just think the scale is too big," Bunts Road resident Kim McDonald said. "It essentially doubles what's down the street." She was referring to the current GetGo gas station, located at the corner of Detroit and Manor Park avenues. Plans for that property, which is leased by Giant Eagle, are unknown at this time.
Sheriff's spokesman John O'Brien would offer no details beyond the incident report, saying it's an open criminal investigation. He said the needle is considered contraband.
The East made it a one-point game with 22.8 seconds left, and after Kobe Bryant missed the second of two free throws, it got the ball back with 16.3 seconds left. Deron Williams missed a three-pointer that would've given his team the lead, then James threw the ball away.
Forever Young. Eric Young Jr. has the made the most of limited playing time. After playing his way onto the roster, Young has provided a late spark with his frenetic base running. Young has stolen three bases in three attempts and scored five runs in 15 plate appearances.
A mummers band, the Bridgemen Alumni Drum & Bugle Corps of Bayonne and contingents ranging from the Knights of Columbus to the Bayonne High School Marching Band to the Cub Scouts will be among the marchers.
At age 24, Efron could develop the guns necessary to get the job done.
The most significant is Sen. Roy Blunt's effort to slash some $50 million from the corps fish and wildlife recovery efforts and redirect that money to repairing levees and undoing other damage from the Missouri River's record floodwaters this year.
To get such shipments to flow through Lambert instead, the bill, called the Aerotropolis Trade Incentive and Tax Credit Act, would provide up to $60 million in tax credits based on the weight of international shipments out of Lambert. Those subsidies would expire in 2019.
Haidakhandi Universal Ashram, P.O. Box 9, Crestone; (866) 686-4185 or (719) 256-4108, http://www.babajiashram.org. Visitors staying in a shared dormitory room are asked for a donation of $27 a night, $135 a week or $324 a month. The price includes three vegetarian meals a day. A private room is $45 a night. Children are free.
"It literally was a creation of what went on to be the best rivalry in golf we've ever seen, or one of the best," USGA executive director Mike Davis said. "We went to NBC and said, 'What do you think of our concept?' NBC loved the idea. That got us to thinking. Why wouldn't we promote some of this wonderful history? People love the game. And this is a great way to educate people."
Reuters reported that Phil Wright, chief executive officer of Lundin Mining Corp., told an audience at a Toronto mining conference that an ongoing contract review by Democratic Republic of Congo officials might affect the mine's progress at the end of the first quarter of 2010.
Adding to complexity of this situation, the Credit Suisse ETN is linked to the Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index, or VIX. That index, which is based on options prices, can experience wild swings. The Credit Suisse ETN is designed to magnify that volatility; investors make or lose twice as much as the daily move in the VIX.
Mulcahy had the support of the Rutgers board throughout his tenure, even when he ran into massive public opposition when in 2007 he decided to eliminate the six varsity teams.
The deals: Enjoy a little taste of Prague, right here in Davis. Happy hour works only at the bar, where you can enjoy half-off beers and appetizers. On average, you will spend $2.50 for beer and $3.50 on an appetizer, such as the potato pancakes.
Bouchard is a longtime friend of Oz. She met his sister, Seval, while a student at Wellesley College and the two are still best friends. Bouchard was living in New York when Oz called. "He said, 'Will you be my guinea pig?' " she recalled.
The labels: Sig Zane Designs, Manuheali'i
As long as this show was, there was a cohesiveness to it that most rock and pop festivals lack: Think of Gospelfest as a day of tag-team sermonizing. Everyone, after all, had a similar lyrical message to convey, and breaks between sets tended to be brief.
"I'm livid, but I feel there's nothing I can do," Berg said. "I call and tell them what I believe -- and I know nobody who agrees with this -- and then they do whatever they want."
"He was unable to build the level of trust with staff needed to foster the environment necessary for the very significant changes that need to occur," said Anne Barry, assistant commissioner of the Department of Human Services. "It's no surprise that there is real disappointment. David had high hopes and dreams of what he could do at the facility."
Connections: Born in Youngstown, the son of longtime Cardinal Mooney High School coach Ron Stoops. Three brothers are coaching in college: younger brother Mike is head coach at Arizona, older brother Ron is an assistant at Youngstown State, and youngest brother Mark is defensive coordinator at Florida State.
Asked on MSNBC how Republicans would reclaim the majority, Rep. Ray LaHood of Illinois said, "I think we just got it handed back to us. I think Pelosi's in the self-destruct mode and has been in that mode all week.''
The dispute over who should cut the first checks for a downtown arena intensified Tuesday, with the leader of the state Senate saying that the owners of the Sacramento Kings "seem to be looking for every reason not to proceed" and the mayor accusing the Maloof family of "tactics and antics."
The Dow ended Wednesday down 29.92, or 0.3 percent, at 9,712.28 after falling as much as 134 points. The S&P 500 index fell 3.53, or 0.3 percent, to 1,057.08. The Nasdaq composite index fell 1.62, or 0.1 percent, to 2,122.42.
When fire alarms at the school began to ring, teachers noticed smoke and began leaving with the students, Kosmas said. The building was emptied quickly.
"The dominoes are falling, especially in the smaller states," said Jan Techau, director of the European branch of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Brussels.
The sentencing is the culmination of a seven-month joint investigation by the FBI, retail investigators for Safeway and Target, and Woodburn police. The federal case reveals the extensive problem retailers have combating large-scale theft, with professional thieves moving from state to state and striking multiple retailers. The annual loss to retailers nationwide is estimated at $30 billion.
The experts think Labor will report that the economy created 206,000 new jobs in February.
In a convoluted plan introduced Tuesday and scheduled for its first legislative committee hearing today, lawmakers propose to drop the personal property tax for small enterprises immediately and to phase out the tax over several years for major manufacturers.
Wells may be a borderline Hall of Famer, the 13th-winningest left-hander in history with 236 victories, but his round and rumpled countenance is more John Candy than John Candelaria, more Chris Farley than Christy Mathewson.
This holiday dessert is a variation on the English plum pudding. Hard sauce is the traditional accompaniment but I find it way too rich. Whipped cream will do nicely, or some eggnog or vanilla ice cream. I steam the puddings in foil pans and wrap them in foil for easy reheating. They can be refrigerated for up to a week and then re-steamed. They also may also be frozen.
A redevelopment framework plan for a 107-acre Lake Oswego neighborhood is still on track for a fall unveiling, according to project officials, despite lingering questions over how the proposed streetcar would fit into it.
Stephen Jackson added 11 points and Tiago Splitter had 10 for the Spurs.
All-Ireland Cultural Society's annual St. Patrick's Day celebration is noon-8 p.m. Saturday at the Ambridge Event Center, 376 N.E. Clackamas Ave. Admission is $10 for adults, $5 for students 12 to 20, and free for kids 11 and under with a paying adult. The schedule includes a parrot show, Irish dance performances, live music and a pipe and drum band. A corned beef and cabbage dinner may be purchased from 4:30 to 6:30 p.m. Details: 503-286-4812, oregonirishclub.org
Norma Susie Meyer, a member of the Maryland Heights Residents for Responsible Growth, argued that residents were in the dark on how this plan was going to benefit the area because the developer had said no retail outlets had committed to the location.
(Includes 2/3 of 1 cent for weatherization assistance; 1/6 of 1 cent low-income home energy assistance)
"Stores, factories, businesses, schools, everything closes because everyone is somewhere watching the game," he said.
Adams, 31, started all 16 games for the Browns last season, making 61 tackles and three interceptions.
In the four previous playoff series between the two teams, the club that won Game 1 went on to win the series.
In August 2009, al-Asiri was linked to an elaborate scheme to strike at the heart of Saudi's intelligence services. His brother Abdullah posed as a disenchanted militant wishing to surrender to high-ranking officials in his homeland. A Saudi royal jet was dispatched. To avoid detection, the explosives where reported hidden in his rectum or held between his legs.
DIFFICULTY: Very strenuous.
A second man, Alrashim Chambers, 23, remains at-large and is also charged with murder.
The Fed said its action would take final effect after a five-day waiting period required under law.
Many fans carried signs hoping to catch the Boss' attention. "I'm a Jersey Girl," read one. Another begged for "Tunnel of Love."
Although caterers say they are getting lots of client requests for luxury ingredients like caviar, they'd actually rather serve homey food at their own parties, such as meat loaf, roast pork loin, soups and one-pot dishes.
A century later, Edward's great-grandson Ron and Ron's wife, Jeanette, still operated the farm, although half the acreage had been sold. They had eight children, including Daniel, who bought his first goat, Glacier, in 1984, when he was 12 years old, for a 4-H project. (He and his brother David were actually saving up to buy a cow but soon realized that this would take too long.) He became smitten with the goats' quirky, inquisitive personalities. The family started raising goats commercially in 1997 and still makes a modest living selling cheese, milk and soap at Utah farmers markets and a farm store.
Westminster had a couple of untimely unforced errors that also hurt it down the stretch.
Clearly, the Browns are getting better and better. They've had a fourth-quarter lead in all but one of the 10 games of this season. We watch. We wait. We cheer. We cringe. We hope. But at some point, that whole "moral victory" thing has to go out the window. This isn't Pop Warner, where the object is to get every kid in the game and learn sportsmanship; the object here is to kick the other guy's bottom.
Like ripples in a pond, the grief and stress of returning service members can spread outward, traumatizing their spouses and children, too.
As for Giroux, Laviolette had more words of praise for what may be the best all-around player in the game right now.
"President Obama, who has said he's willing to consider stopping excessive regulations, should call on the Democrat-led Senate to follow the House in passing these jobs bills," he said.
Hispanic community activist Lydia Guzman said, "I'm pleased to see that the police department has been transparent in every stage of the investigation. I appreciate the police officer who came forward and I worry about any retaliation he may suffer."
"People have nothing to do but think here," he said. "And they're pretty imaginative."
"I think he's doing the right thing to make sure this doesn't happen ever again. There's no room for any kind of bounty system in the NFL. It's a physical sport and you've got to respect the game," the New York Giants quarterback said. "He's been harsh to try to make a statement saying there is no place for this in the game of football."
"I don't see why or how a bill that is designed to create jobs and stimulate the economy becomes a partisan issue," Shaffer said. "I think this is a Colorado bill."
"I would bike with my kids to school and it was really unsafe," Ponder said. "It's something that can't really be solved very easily, with the lack of safe routes along major streets."
"If they are referred by a team to get an evaluation, then they are required to do an evaluation," said Kelly Darr, a lawyer with the Disability Rights Network.
"We're all pretty much history buffs," he said. "I got involved partly because my grandfather was in the 2nd Infantry Division in World War II. He drove a jeep, carrying supplies and wounded. He told me he drove that jeep from Normandy to Czechoslovakia."
Kucinich says that a Tuesday report by Syrian's official government news agency, which claimed that he said Assad is "highly loved and appreciated by the Syrians" mistranslated his remarks.
Athletic bio: State qualifier in track and cross country ... Belleville News-Democrat All-Area cross country team ... third team All-Conference in track (2011) ... first team All-Conference cross country (2010) ... holds school record in the 3,200m relay.
We would test an ambitious, weeklong itinerary developed by Robertson, president of the Rainforest Biodiversity Group, and Gomez, the group's Costa Rican coordinator, that would include numerous jungle hikes, hours of travel via small bus on rutted dirt roads and visits with local families. We'd traverse the bird route's 10,500-plus acres in search of such exotic flora and fauna as walking palms, bromeliads, motmots, trogons, toucans, poison dart frogs, sloths and howler monkeys. Some also hoped that our journey might serve a larger purpose: namely, fortifying the gamble taken by the route's private landowners to host tourists instead of hacking down the rain forest for cattle farms or pineapple plantations.
The United States has spent $33 million to improve Baghdad's waste management system, but American officials concede that garbage removal has been a low priority for a city with a host of other problems.
PE31: Unidentified former top administrator in Frank Russo's office described in Russo's charges
He followed those nautical duties with time on the resort's monorail, both in operations and repair.
Q: Biocom says there are 41,937 people employed in biotech in San Diego County. That's only about 500 more people than biotech employs in Orange County. It made me wonder if San Diego is underperforming. UC San Diego is a huge scientific catalyst; it pulls in almost three times as much research money as UC Irvine. San Diego is home to a lot more public and private research institutes. San Diego also has a larger population and it's been adding more jobs. Why isn't San Diego further ahead of Orange County in generating biotech jobs?
Each camper receives an autographed camp team photo with Fitzgerald, camp T-shirt, goodie bag with $150 worth of merchandise and the opportunity to win additional prizes. Cost of the camp is $149. Spots are limited, so campers are encouraged to register early.
But let's focus, for now, on the departed.
Lynch said today that Linares found the bribery statute does not apply to a candidate under the circumstances alleged by the government.
There are other benefits: While not all storefronts are filled, the ones that are can be downright eager for customers, especially now in the low season, which means a warmer welcome and (often) prices lower than up the road.
A North Carolina pastor appeared to use a recent sermon to encourage parents in his flock to hit the gay out of their kids if they thought the young ones were displaying homosexual tendencies.
IMPD officers also were criticized for repeatedly striking a 15-year-old boy, Brandon Johnson, in 2010 while making a misdemeanor arrest. All the officers were cleared by a civilian review board.
Hales and Smith said they would assume leadership of the arts and hire an arts policy adviser, but added that person might have to take on other duties. Brady said she would champion many causes on behalf of the arts portfolio but would ask another commissioner to take it on because she wants to focus on public safety and economic development. She would, however, support the idea of hiring an arts policy adviser.
"They're basically saying no matter what the incoming data are, we're going to stick with this. I think if inflation starts rising, they will stomp on it, they will change their policy. But if that happens, there goes their credibility."
Pieper is a major cog in what the Rebels are doing this fall. At 6-foot-4 he's a giant on the field. His size makes him a matchup nightmare in the air. At a sculpted 185 pounds it's nearly impossible to push him off the ball.
Featherstone's fitness has been sharpened, too, by practicing with the athletes he helps coach: those on the Boys' Latin football team and St. Paul's wrestling team.
Eleven of the state's 12 metropolitan counties reported year-over-year declines in the number of foreclosure auction sales occurring during the first quarter of 2012.
In fact, it's more likely to keel over in a storm, wither from a sunburn or die of an infection than trees that are left alone.
2000 block of Louise Lane, 12:11 p.m.: A person received annoying contact via computer.
The Persts, who live on Corral Circle between Lebanon and Cokesbury, allow hunters on their property and the hunters gave them a couple of photos that had been taken in October with a camera they had set up to monitor the wildlife.
508 VICKSBURG DR $59,000
Where: 1834 East 123rd St. (at Euclid Avenue), Cleveland.
But about that charcuterie, which is sold both on Clementine's premises and at farmers' markets: It's top of the line. When we visited, the charcuterie plate, which changes often, included a snappy-skinned knockwurst, a luscious house-cured pork loin and bread-and-butter pickles. There was also a chicken-liver pate goosed up with dried cranberries, rum and honey, so rich and wicked that I wished I could eat it out of a pint container with a spoon.
Board of Revision Administrator Robert Chambers said of Headen's work, "The question is if he changed that one . . . did he change others?"
On Wednesday, Roy Roberts, a former General Motors executive who serves as DPS's emergency manager, announced a major education reform, giving 10 schools quasi-charter status so they can hire and fire and launch innovative programs with strong track records. Each school will have its own five-person governing board.
The spraying recommendations will be made in early January based on the results of the egg mass surveys, Richmond said.
Fresch and other staff attorneys in Vernon received the "public safety" classification in 2004, with city officials telling CalPERS that the lawyers were "primarily engaged in the active enforcement of criminal laws." But The Times could find no evidence that the staff attorneys ever prosecuted criminal cases. In fact, former Vernon Police Chief Sol Benudiz said he could not recall a single instance when Vernon's city attorneys appeared in criminal court. He said those cases were always handled by the Los Angeles County district attorney's office.
Can you tell me anything about this item and its value? I believe it is an old cigarette-rolling machine. There is a rotating hand crank at the rear end, which continues to feed the paper. Thank you for any help.
Executives told analysts that ratings were improving at both
Her clients assume she's younger than they are.
For BWI customers who need to get to west Florida there are still lots of Southwest/AirTran flights to Fort Myers and Tampa/St. Petersburg, which should serve just as well. Southwest had already announced that it would stop flying to nine AirTran cities including Miami, Charleston, W..Va., Dallas and Newport News. Today's announcement seems like an especially big blow for Harrisburg.
6759 Bonnie Av, $75,000
The request triggers involvement of the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp., a federal agency that will fight for the employees' rights. Yet if the court wholly approves Harry & David's request, taxpayers could end up paying out millions to employees, who still may not receive what they're entitled.
Jersey City City Council meeting, April 23, City Hall, 280 Grove St., 6 p.m.
In a new report, the party listed a litany of concerns: significant credit card charges, more than $120,000 in payments to Republican candidates and donors, $17,000 in payments to investigate medical marijuana, and questionable responsibility for a private corporation that still owes attorneys more than $719,000 from the 2010 gubernatorial recount.
Although the last day of school is usually joyful, this year, some schools fear what may happen this summer.
I jogged my memory, which was boozed up back then, to recall precisely which room I'd stayed in. The clerk helped because there are only seven rooms upstairs and four on the ground floor, and if you remember hearing the river it is upstairs.
1720 Redwood Ct; 1,211 square feet; on 8/18/2011 for $207,987
"My mom and dad would be on the go from about seven o'clock in the morning until five o'clock at night. Sometimes, they had to put in the overtime to get the money to raise us kids," said Boyd, who will make $1.2 million playing for the Timbers this season. "A lot of people are like what their parents are like. If they work hard at things, you find that their children work hard at things as well."
Airline attendants reported the children, traveling with their parents, became disruptive during the 2 hour 20 minute trip.
Opponents argued the legislation effectively alters how teacher tenure would work in Missouri and could be a first step toward eliminating it. Others expressed concerns that local school officials' decisions would be inhibited by barring them from giving weight to the experience a teacher brings.
While in North Carolina, Obama will also make his first appearance on NBC's "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" show. NBC says the show will tape a special broadcast Tuesday at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
In the 2010 letter to one of his top deputies, bin Laden expressed alarm over the "increased mistakes" committed by the "brothers" in countries including Iraq and Yemen, and he pushed to bring the groups in line.
McKenzie personified the Rowland administration as the $84,000-a-year chief of protocol, overseer of the governor's mansion, and aide to the first lady. She was often seen at both the Capitol and the mansion with her close friend, co-chief of staff Peter Ellef, who served a federal prison term on corruption charges as part of the scandal that would send Rowland to prison.
On the flip side, men more clearly picture their goals than women. This gives them greater direction and focus, the study found. Women are therefore advised to spend more time visualizing their goals. This could take the form of drawings, vision boards or purposeful meditation.
She's running for a County Ambulance Board seat in the April 5 election.
Open for nearly two months inside the Essex Inn in the South Loop, this updated American classics restaurant (think mac and cheese inlaid with beef brisket) takes full advantage of its direct views of Grant Park with a 12-foot wall of windows along Michigan Avenue, and comfy, umbrella-topped sidewalk seating as well. The south-of-Congress location means less street traffic to interfere with the view. Tribune rating: Pending. 800 S. Michigan Ave., 312-957-0000
That system couldn't be further from Jon Embree's plan. Colorado's second-year coach plans to give reps early and often to his 28-member incoming class.
Measure 3-386 will require countywide voter approval to create or make a "substantial change" to urban renewal districts. The county-sponsored Measure 3-388 sought to require voters within a proposed urban renewal district to approve its creation or make a "substantial amendment" of an existing district. The measures applied only to urban renewal districts in unincorporated portions of the county, not districts within cities.
Orange School Board member Rick Roach said during the Sentinel program that Barbieri has asked Orange schools to join the protest.
7099 Streamwood Dr., $132,000
Chicken Meatloaf
"The facility ... will be a state-of-the-art police training center used by the police bureau as well as other city bureaus, and is an investment for the future of public safety," Adams said in a statement.
Before anyone can download the data from an HHS website, they now must agree not to combine it with any other information that would let them to zero in on a doctor's identity.
After weeks of trial, federal prosecutors are defending the criminal case brought against seven members of a Michigan militia as a judge considers whether any charges should be dismissed.
Applicants must apply for a specific job due to the number of schools in the district and since hiring is done at the building level. However, applications remain in a database and the applicant can resubmit for any other job in the system. The district uses a computerized system that allows applications to be sorted in a number of ways, said Jenifer Owenson, director of human resources.
"I noticed the Pacifica Tribune ad for the upcoming Treasures and Trivia treasure hunt excursion in Pacifica, where the first team that arrives back at Pacifica Spindrift Theatre wins prizes. I recall a radio station that sponsored a similar promotional race. It was a great idea until one of the participants, in his rush to beat the others, caused a fatal traffic accident. Yes, the radio station was held liable for the accident. Any contest that rewards unsafe driving is irresponsible. Food for thought." (Alan Wald)
Yet it's hardly the only case where the state's files do not accurately reflect changes made to a property. Last fall, when The Sun asked Young about 20 city homes that received huge tax breaks, it turned out that five were too generous because assessors had failed to account for major renovations when establishing the homes' value.
U.S. forces have been implicated before in other violence in the same area.
Edison Nation, a company that helps amateur inventors, is working with Stark to market the device to manufacturers.
"It's awesome," says Polito. "I never flew a kite before. It seems beautiful."
Schumacher is the next coach to come on board with a small group, and he may not be the last. First, both coaches need to show progress in developing runners who can win international medals.
Nappy DJ Needles will spin funk, soul, hip-hop, house and Afro beat.
The women already have run away with the NCAA indoor championship. They look even better outdoors.
At 11:30 a.m. local time, the righthander who grew up here and still lives here will announce his retirement after 23 seasons and
Happily for all of us, that locale is Buckeye Brewing Co. in the Walford Industrial Complex on Cleveland's West Side.
Party favors
Lopez got Andre Ethier to hit a sharp grounder to shortstop. Crawford fed Ryan Theriot at second, and Brandon Belt dug out Theriot's low throw to first to end the threat.
On Friday, Pianka ruled in favor of the city - to a point. Macron is responsible for razing or "diligently" repairing the building, he wrote. But the shareholders are not.
"I wanted to do it," said Abdi, a slight, awkward boy with large round eyes and shabby, too-small clothes.
"If it's porous, it's gone," said John Denny, co-owner of Bio Clean 911 in Ballwin. Denny and his college fraternity brother, Brian Stinson, started the company a year ago.
Mr. Miller's letter has raised some consternation among those who recall the events of last Monday differently, in particular Mr. Busch, who told The Sun's Annie Linskey: "I think everyone down here understands what the facts are around the last day of session."
Steeleville is about 65 miles southeast of St. Louis.
Of the three jackpot-winning ticket holders, only the Butlers came forward publicly. The Illinois Lottery requires, with rare exceptions, that winning ticket holders appear for a news conference and related promotions, partly to show that it pays out prizes as promised. Winning ticket holders in Kansas and Maryland opted to remain anonymous.
"From the perspective of prudence, of course this is ridiculous," said Jeffrey Lacasse, an assistant professor at Arizona State University whose research focus is psychiatric drugs.
Homicide takes its toll on neighborhoods and citizens and the people charged with trying to hunt down the killers.
Lionel Messi hit a hat trick to become Barcelona's all-time leading scorer and keep the defending Spanish champions in the title chase with a 5-3 win over Granada.
Gina is also survived by her mother, Julianne; her grandmother, LaVerne Giancola; her grandfather, Andrew Repak, and aunts, uncles and cousins.
Some liberals note that one option Congress could pursue would be to pass a far more left-wing piece of legislation that mandates a single-payer system, i.e., socialized medicine. That would -- or at least could -- be constitutional. And that's true: Congress could do that, and I'm sure Justice Ginsburg would be pleased if it did.
Group members say they don't know if the city will respond to the ultimatum, but are prepared to sue "shortly after" the deadline.
"I'm putting in as much as I can but still I'm concerned about whether it is going to be enough," she said. "At least I want to get the match and at some point hope to put more away."
The automaker will give transferring workers an undisclosed amount of cash to help cover moving expenses.
"I'm worried about us," Heyward-Bey said. "I don't play for Kansas City, and I don't play for Denver. We've got to take care of business. That's the most important thing."
"My old coach (former Kahoks assistant Diana Kamadulski) and (Collinsville boys) coach (Darryl) Frerker both ran at Illinois State and they mentioned it as I was making my choice," Mink said. "I contacted a bunch of places, but I ended up going on official visits only to Illinois State and Mizzou.
Rivera was arrested and charged with unlawful possession of a weapon, possession of a weapon for unlawful purpose, terroristic threats and criminal mischief.
He also said there is a strong possibility that an inspection station will soon be open in the East Valley, eliminating the need to make costly trips the other side of town.
Sedgwick and Marion both rolled to wins. The Cardinals took down Bennington 59-44, while Marion won over Canton-Galva 59-42.
Minifee has an assault conviction. He is a son of retired Cleveland Fire Chief Paul Stubbs.
Extras: outdoor dining, catering, takeout, box lunches, private parties
The 102-year-old Filene's had been in bankruptcy in 2009 when Syms, founded in 1959, acquired the retailer's assets in a bankruptcy auction.
He said the $15 million fee was included as part of a 2009 contract modification.
That's the rationale of the board, where two of its three members say current procedures are at odds with "the basic principles of democratic elections" and the idea of employee participation in workplace matters.
1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons agave nectar
Hamish Corstorphine, metal sculpture
"This is one of the strongest we've ever felt," said Calderon, who urged Mexicans to remain calm.
As these negative thoughts were racing through her head, she said something came over her, and she pulled a piece of paper out of her bag and wrote, "You are beautiful" on it.
Dorothea Kidney
"We focused immediately on identifying steps that could be taken to prevent this from happening anywhere else," PG&E said. "During the course of the investigation, we learned valuable lessons about our operations and identified several areas where we could improve. We have made changes as a result."
Coming off an outstanding opening-round series, Giroux continued to show why he's arguably the best player in the league. He fired a one-timer from the left faceoff circle past Brodeur on the power play to give the Flyers a 3-2 lead early in the third.
Years of allegations and complaints from city staff and competing contractors that Portland's parking manager was accepting bribes while steering multimillion-dollar city contracts to a Florida parking meter supplier culminated Wednesday in a federal raid on the manager's Portland office and home.
.... 4 Slane Castle (F Lenclud)20
He was passed to run on Friday morning and wasted no time
Viewers have to the opportunity to ask questions and post comments in a live chat room during the show. They can also their video questions during the week. Fans who miss the live show can watch the archive, available a few hours later.
"We're about as comfortable as we can be with where we are," Big Ten Commissioner Jim Delany said Friday. "We've said that we will continue to monitor the landscape, but we have closed down active expansion and have no plans to seek new members."
The motivation behind the operation was a federal government report on gangs, which identified gangs that are increasingly becoming involved with human smuggling and trafficking.
"He feeds it to his pigs after we use it in the brewing process," Saballa explains. "It leaves here like that" - mushy brown stuff - "and comes back as bacon."
Barring a last-minute deal, several million Express Scripts plan members across the country will need to switch pharmacies and fill their prescriptions at a location other than Walgreens -- or pay for drugs out-of-pocket at higher prices.
The image of Hester raising the ball in celebration, passing in front of an official raising his hands to signal a touchdown with a dejected Auburn student section in the background, is one of the most memorable moments in USF's 15-year history. The victory led to USF's first national ranking, and the Bulls won their next four games to rise to No. 2 in the national polls, sparking USF's first sellouts at Raymond James Stadium against West Virginia and Central Florida.
Intrigued by what the product could do, he was quick to join the company when a position became available.
The summer break also is a time when administrators, principals and other school officials can get together and meet, which is difficult to do during the school year.
The real power of the Buffett Rule is that it does not demand anything of the rich that the less affluent aren't already providing. If Washington is really going to make a dent in the deficit, the wealthy can't be held harmless in the process.
In any case, with the U.S. facing a presidential election in the fall, "I think it's pretty clear that this is a year in which we're probably not going to achieve any sort of a breakthrough," said Madelyn Creedon, the U.S. assistant defense secretary for global strategic affairs, who also will be at the Moscow conference.
Spillane, Madigan's chief of staff, said her office deals with some recalcitrant public agencies, but she feels the vast majority are working in good faith to comply with the law. Even in those cases, however, it doesn't always result in the release of public records.
Stocks fell, sending the Standard & Poor's 500 Index to a two-month low, as a slump in bank shares driven by JPMorgan Chase's $2-billion trading loss overshadowed the unexpected increase in confidence. The 500 Index fell 0.3% to 1,353.39.
Meyer said in March that he wants the two deep on the depth chart to be mostly settled by the end of spring practice. The injuries have caused some uncertainty, but the pieces are beginning to fall into place.
Adjoining the backyard, the couple have one of the largest collections of San Jose State University alum Donald Carlson's glass art and a contemporary painting by Jenny Do in their downstairs indoor entertainment space.
Karl all but guaranteed a fast start for his team in pregame comments to reporters. Instead, the Nuggets missed their first six shots and fell behind 12-3, at which point Karl called timeout.
Last start: Wood Memorial 2-neck
"I noticed tonight that Gatorade was invented in 1965. I'm not a conspiracy theorist but what are the odds of getting it banned here at all sporting events?" -- Dan
And Todd Thrasher of Virginia's PX, Restaurant Eve and the Majestic says that "in every bar or restaurant in the world, every bartender has a variation of the Manhattan."
The defendant, whose name was withheld because he is being charged as a juvenile, is accused of gunning down Shonte Daniels at Arroyo Viejo Park on April 21.
In that, Deen just might serve as the perfect pitchwoman.
Shumpert's non-contact injury occurred when he dribbled over midcourt in the third quarter only to have his left knee buckle. He was in extreme pain as he crumpled to the floor. The entire Knicks team and coaching staff surrounded Shumpert before he was carried into the locker room. He was later taken to a local hospital.
One of California's best destinations for adventures - kayaking, hiking, wildlife watching and fishing - remains off the radar for many from the Bay Area, Sacramento and Los Angeles.
The nail cover isn't just for big toes; it can work for any toe missing a nail. And lucky for her business, Barile says, "There are more toenails than there are people."
A second pilot started this week will notify tens of thousands of payroll card users that they can direct deposit their federal tax refund onto existing payroll cards.
The churches have been standing empty since their closings. The diocese, which has sold a number of closed churches, could not, under church law, sell a church or its contents while it was under appeal.
"These unilateral edicts - take this deal by Tuesday night or you're going to suffer some sort of wrath - that's just not reasonable," Schaefer said. "That's not how state government or higher education should be conducted."
She and her husband have been spreading the word by going door to door and talking with residents. Vancouver's Office of Neighborhoods has helped out by sending a postcard to the 2,000 residences in the neighborhood notifying them of the change.
At 7:51 p.m., as the group broke up, Bannister cashed out, using his personal American Express card. The tab was $20.35 and included one Diet Coke, five Bud Light draft beers and one half pitcher of Bud Light.
Barrett's contract eventually was bought out in 2008 and he seemed to be headed out of the market. But soon after his demise at KFNS, Bonneville International decided to convert one of its local FM music stations to the sports format. John Kijowski, who headed the company's local operations, hired Barrett in the same programming role he had at KFNS. And the station, WXOS (101.1 FM), has been a big ratings success.
The others don't have an excuse.
"An adviser owes their obligation to their company, where a financial planner must legally act in your best interests," said Jerry Lynch, a certified financial planner with JFL Consulting in Fairfield.
"We couldn't have recorded that record if we'd been a London band," says Hook. "Like Bernard said, you spend your first 21 years writing your first album and your next six months writing your second. That first record is the soul of Manchester."
The look may seem effortless, but the many elements require coordination. Guys typically wear a graphic or sports T-shirt with sweatpants, often with a pair of loafers resembling bedroom slippers.
And state-supported clinical trials at the Center for Medicinal Cannabis Research at UC San Diego have found legitimate medical uses. Marijuana can help with pain for those with traumatic injury, HIV or cancer; with muscle spasticity for those with multiple sclerosis; and with nausea for people undergoing chemotherapy.
The California Physician Orders for Life-Sustaining Treatment form is more detailed, allowing for both the power of attorney and a range of specific preferences for care, and it also has the force of a doctor's order.
At the same time, I try to give the people what they want. The big challenge with doing Lady Gaga is: How do you outdo Lady Gaga? How do you do a caricature and make it ridiculous when she's already wearing meat dresses?
traded lower by 1.7%.
Follow along with The Star-Ledger as reporters send live dispatches from all over Trenton today. Click the "Cover it Live" box to the right and scroll to the bottom for the latest from Twitter, and be sure to frequently refresh this page for updates to the blog below.
I suspect that now Webb has a new contract, we'll be hearing more from Ravens Pro Bowl safety Ed Reed about not getting a new deal. Because of the injuries to his body and his constant threats about retiring, I wouldn't offer Reed a new long-term extension for a lot of money. Under his current deal, he will make $7.7 million this season. He should be happy with that and not complain. He certainly wasn't worth that kind of money a year ago.
Croft, who finished sixth in the KWS last season and won the 2011 event at Marysville Raceway Park, will attempt to defend his title Saturday night in Marysville against the best sprint-car drivers in California.
Connecticut, Iowa, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont and Washington, D.C., now issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. California did so for part of 2008, and those marriages remain valid. Four states allow civil unions among same-sex couples, and seven, plus the District of Columbia, grant some state-level spousal rights through domestic partnerships.
"I don't want anyone to have to go through what I went through," he said.
"There could be subsequent charges added on," he said.
"The pieces are fascinating," Kilgore says. "The longer you look at them, the more emerges from the depths."
Because the Rastafarian singer embraced marijuana, Magnolia decided to open the film April 20, an unofficial holiday when many cannabis lovers often gather to smoke. The film also was made available to screen for $6.99 via Facebook that day, and fans could also rent it on video-on-demand platforms. On Sunday, the documentary was the No. 6 movie rental on iTunes, behind far more commercial films such as "We Bought a Zoo" and "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo."
He wouldn't say how much the foundation has raised.
Reed Grimm kicked off the show with a jazzy rendition of Maroon 5's "Moves Like Jagger" that included a drum solo from the 26-year-old nanny of Ellsworth, Wis., and some bleeping from the show's censors when Grimm stuck to the lyrics and later when Tyler enthusiastically alerted him that "there's gonna be a whole new generation watching your (expletive)."
He's "kind of there but not there," she said. "There's not a lot of meaningful insight."
Buzz: A group of elite warriors discover they are the prey on a distant planet. A kind of sequel to Arnold Schwarzenegger's "Predator" from 1987.
4 p.m. "NewsChannel 5 @ 4"
Instead they are part of the unfortunate collateral damage of college conference expansion, and they're being swept away like so much useless debris. And that is just a crime.
It measures factors such as adult smoking and obesity, excessive drinking and the rate of motor vehicle deaths, as well as the quality of clinical care, environmental factors and the violent crime rate.
Davis was having a tough day when Showalter told him to go to the bullpen and begin warming up.
Mr. Meyer had donated about $62,000 in 2008 to Mr. Obama's campaign and a related fund, but he doesn't show up in financial reports as having donated to the president's re-election.
"I have a sense it will never end,'' he said. ""As long as I don't go broke, I'm OK.''
Barnes then got another knife from a dresser and used that to stab her throat, she testified. He also questioned why the woman didn't hear signs of a struggle between the men in the living room from her bedroom.
"They did the right thing in halting the bond issuance," he said. "The entire project is a house of cards built upon enormous public subsidies, including a $33 million garage that was initially the developers' obligation and later saddled to the state taxpayers."
"The President was first informed about the plot in April by his Homeland Security and Counterterrorism Advisor John Brennan, and he has received regular updates and briefings as needed from his national security team.
Carole Goldsmith of Fresno, Calif., decided she didn't need to have a feast, even if she could still afford it.
And, unlike Seattle's toilets, the Portland version is also designed to be open enough at the bottom, with louvers, so police officers and the public can see if there's any illegal activity going on inside.
Stephen Loomis, president of the Cleveland police officers union, said his group is working with other public safety unions across the state preparing for the referendum.
A similar project is scheduled at Southwest Naito and Market the weekend of May 12-14.
Michael Horan, an MVC spokesman, said that he couldn't discuss specifics about the litigation but that a hearing on the matter was scheduled for Monday.
Not only did the orchestra sound exceptionally good itself, but the acoustic in First Baptist's sanctuary -- which, forgive me, I've groused about plenty -- was much improved by the removal of carpet from the performing area. On bare wood, there was a brightness and presence that's long been lacking. The comfort of congregants may rule out further carpet removal, but concertgoers can be thankful for this one considerable enhancement.
Rated PG-13 (disaster-related peril and violence, nudity, sensuality and brief profanity).
Jonah Goldberg is editor-at-large of National Review Online and a visiting fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.
The trial, before Judge Nanci Grant, is expected to continue today. Lockridge, a hairdresser, faces life in prison if convicted as charged.
To reach the park, we fly to Indonesia's Central Kalimantan province from Jakarta, then take an old African Queen-style wooden boat from the port of Kumai on the Java Sea. We plop ourselves in deck chairs as the boat slowly putt-putts away from Kumai's fishing shacks, cargo sheds and bright blue mosque and finally enters a channel leading to the jungle. Here, an unexpected billboard featuring a large picture of a big-eyed orangutan announces the park's entrance.
KCTV-5 will be replacing one Kelly with another.
"This is two of many" for the St. Louis region, he said at a breakfast for fashion bloggers.
The race includes a 1-mile fun run at 8:45 a.m. (sorry, Tipoff's idea of fun is plopping on the couch to watch TV Thanksgiving morning) and the more robust 5-mile run at 9:30 a.m.
He was suspended 50 games by the International League.
For those eager to travel the musical landscape elsewhere, consider this a bucket list, a go-and-do of highlights in the U.S. and around the world:
"At no point did he attempt to rape her," Shapiro said. "He wanted her in the car. But we don't know exactly why." Velasquez remains in custody in lieu of $1 million bail. He is slated to return to court May 8 for his arraignment.
The current financial crisis is also prompting a fresh look at Oregon's growing list of crimes requiring prison time.
Prices: Small plates, $6 to $20; big plates, $14 to 27; dessert, $8.
The unfortunate thing is that Braxton Miller was better than he had ever been until he was hurt. But even at that, his carelessness with the ball started Nebraka's comeback when he was stripped at his own 23 in the third quarter, with Ohio State ahead, 27-6. Miller left, barely able to walk on the right leg with 4:45 to play in the same quarter.
"The children are our future!"
Israelis know Silwan as the City of David, named for the biblical king believed to have ruled from Jerusalem.
The Polar X-Plorer roller coaster at Legoland Billund in Denmark will take riders around a snowcapped mountain and under a frozen waterfall before sending them crashing through an ice-covered lake.
It was a hard choice for a favorite. I managed to cut the field to three shows: "Andy," "Dick" and "Get Smart."
Bijan, who is 80 and lives on a fixed income, describes the mistake as "beyond belief."
The city will soon begin the process of finding Michaud's successor.
Defense spending is likely to provide a stronger economic boost in the months ahead, given congressional budget estimates, said Ben Herzon, senior economist at Macroeconomic Advisers, a forecasting firm in St. Louis.
Americans have other reasons to be cautiously optimistic. The jobless rate is at the lowest level in nearly three years, but it's still at a high 8.5 percent. Economists predict that 155,000 more net jobs were created in January, but the unemployment rate is expected to be the same. The government releases the job figures for January Friday.
Hiroshima? Nothing - and considering the history of Hiroshima, people would have noticed.
While training, he forgoes open water and splits his time between his pool and the Lake Oswego School District Pool at Lake Oswego High School. Needham said his strategy is to swim conservatively but he often deals with discomfort because of a lingering shoulder injury.
In fact, McGown almost was happy when the Jags came up short against Lee's Summit West at the regional meet.
"It was working a little bit," Gee said, "but Dwight stepped up and starting making free throws, which he's supposed to do.
This day's harvest is put in covered bins to keep cool and trucked from Willcox to Bostock's winery in Sonoita.
Additional meetings for 2012 are set for Sept. 27 and Nov. 28 at 5:30 p.m. in borough hall.
Chef Greg Christian requested permission to serve school garden produce at Alcott Elementary School when he was running its Organic School Project, which ceased this year. But district administrators refused, on the grounds it wasn't safe.
The meet is scored on a 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1 basis, and the distance medley relay figures prominently in any scenario that leads to an Oregon victory.
FLVS is governed as an independent educational entity in Florida.
Illinois' most crushing financial obligation is its $83 billion in unfunded pension obligations. Currently, The Ledger doesn't deal with pensions, but Ms. Topinka hopes to add a fund-by-fund, employee-by-employee accounting of who is due what.
Ross Christian Arvidson
A: (Laughs.) Well there are a number of reasons for that. There's an honorable tradition of Brits, isn't there, of playing bad guys, whether it's Anthony Hopkins, Jeremy Irons, Alan Rickman, even Gary Oldman. There's a sort of a path to Hollywood for British actors that seems to involve playing a bad guy.
"We love it," he said of the J.V. victory, where the Jaguars put five in the top 10 in a race that drew a field of 278 runners. "We're very happy with the program from top to bottom."
Pennsylvania prosecutors said Monday they now believe the alleged shower assault took place a year earlier than they first claimed.
Everest's new record, "Ownerless," will be released June 26 and was largely recorded in Cottage Grove with the assistance of Richard Swift, who's currently out on the road with ... the Shins. Listen to "Rapture," it's straight rock. (via Spin)
Lucile acknowledges there were a few disagreements along the way, but she says dealing with that likely made her good at getting second- and third-graders to behave during her 25-year teaching career.
"We believe that capacity should go to all users," he said.
Wilkinson, whose return to Portland from England on an MLS-focused recruiting trip was delayed three days due to the volcanic ash cloud that wreaked havoc on European air travel, arrived at PDX less than an hour before game time and reached the pitch just minutes before introductions.
Earlier in the week, official records showed U.S. crude-oil inventories at Cushing, Okla., rising to record levels, while the operators of the Nymex exchange said they would raise margin requirements for speculators. Adding to downward pressure on oil prices, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries announced it would increase oil output in hopes of keeping demand for oil higher.
GAINESVILLE, Florida -- Terry Jones, the Florida pastor who set the world on edge with plans to burn copies of the Koran on Sept. 11, said Thursday that he had canceled his demonstration because he had won a promise to move the mosque near ground zero to a new location.
Palmyra Cove Nature Park is located on Route 73 under the Tacony-Palmyra Bridge. For program registration or more information call 856-829-1900 x270.
"While it is undisputed that Mr. Limbaugh is famous, fame alone has never been considered sufficient for induction," the letter said. "Mr. Limbaugh's greatest distinction during his controversial career has been his penchant for divisiveness and offensive behavior."
Chesterfield police Lt. Steve Lewis said officers issued tickets to managers of nine stores that opened at midnight because of a city ordinance that prohibits retail sales before 6 a.m. If found guilty in municipal court, the stores could pay up to a $100 fine, Lewis said. He said the store managers were aware of the ordinances before opening their doors at midnight.
Under Steele's leadership, the RNC is pressing for more freedom in how it raises money; it is challenging a 2002 law banning it and the Democratic Party from collecting big contributions from corporations and others known as soft money. Steele said last week that the GOP will take the case to the Supreme Court.
The stores would be honored with special signs they could hang on their windows, perhaps something like "Pet Store: We Don't Sell Pets."
LARCENY: A larceny was reported at 10:21 p.m. Nov. 1 in the 3900 block of Lemay Ferry Road.
And perks made up a bigger percentage of total compensation, rising to 2.25 percent in 2008, up slightly from 1.95 percent, the AP's analysis found.
Calling North Carolina "ground zero" in the presidential campaign, Republican national chairman Reince Priebus said Tuesday that his party's grass-roots effort will beat Democrats "across the board" in the state.
"Probably one of the best performances by a University of Oregon athlete ever at Hayward Field," Steele said. "That was terrific."
The Chamber of Commerce might want to make a tourism campaign out of this.
Despite the severity of her condition and the likelihood she will lose all of her extremities, Copeland's family has remained upbeat about her prospects for survival after doctors initially told them her chances were slim to none.
Allen is closing in on U.S. Olympic trials qualifying time in the hurdles. He knows the hurdles rise after high school to 42 inches. He trains on the high ones to improve his flexibility.
Another group of Lancers also had an impressive performance at the Lafayette Invitational on Saturday. Despite being the ninth-seeded team in the very competitive 10-team tournament, Belleville East finished up 1-1-2 in the toughest pool.
So why not toast your holidays with a combo cocktail? Hendrick's Gin is flavored with cucumbers and roses in additional to traditional botanicals. Mix an ounce and a half of that with an ounce of fresh-squeezed lime juice and a teaspoon of powdered sugar. Shake with ice and strain into a martini glass. Float a circle of seedless English cucumber (they're long and usually wrapped in plastic) on top and toast to the New Year in style. $28.99 at K & L Wine
He was asked if there were times during the season when he lost that vision.
Now in his 43rd year as a GM employee, Moseley had then never even heard of Bowling Green. "I knew nothing about it," he said.
Josh Miller, a Phoenix resident, has a friend who played professional football and still suffers from slight neurological issues. After talking with his friend, whom he declined to identify, Miller decided that his son, now 5 years old, never will play football.
Against which a body was pressed
Shatner hosted the show that featured re-enactments of 911 calls.
"It would be interesting to know who he's cheering for," Tippett mused.
"We have been very deliberate about making sure that administration is the leanest because we believe in teachers in the classroom," she said.
For 2011, Sallie Mae executives are projecting the company will originate $2.5 billion in private loans. That's up from the $2.3 billion originated last year, but just a slice of the $7.9 billion originated in 2007.
69 Blake Adams (U.S.) 69
Wright, a former Marine and Los Angeles County sheriff's deputy, was nominated by George W. Bush. Wright also worked for the California attorney general's office and sat on the state bench between 2005 and 2007.
The backlot street scene with simulated storefronts is known as "34th Street," after the famous Christmas film "Miracle on 34th Street."
You've got a better chance of being a productive member of society if you're raised by carnies than by "The Real Housewives of Orange County."
"The underlying rationale has to be that there are a lot of legislators who really want to go to sporting events, and therefore the tickets seem much more like a gift or a gratuity thrown at a politician, rather than an invitation," said Raskin, a Montgomery County Democrat who heads a Senate committee on ethics reform. "When we as legislators go to a Ravens game or a Redskins game, we are not in any way uplifting the ceremony or dignity of the event. And most people simply don't notice that we're there."
"You can't put a market in the middle of a community and expect things to change right away," said Nicky Uy, manager of the farmers market program for the Food Trust, a Philadelphia-based organization that works to get healthy food to underserved areas. "Some people say we've lost two generation of cooks."
Twenty-one departments across New Jersey have been designated to receive grants this year. Trenton's fire department is to receive more than $13 million and Atlantic City's nearly $10 million.
"One of the main problems is you put so much time and effort into a game like we do, and then it's taken away from you by injury, then you're depressed," said a former Akron football player who was prescribed painkillers while he was sidelined for weeks after a surgery.
manufactured by Weeplay Kids LLC of New York, N.Y., and manufactured in Bangladesh.
Today the Azar family still gathers there for Christmas Eve, and Rosanne's mother, now 93, enjoys visiting to see the ongoing projects, as well as several pieces of her furniture and other family pieces on display. The couple also entertain large groups of friends and host fundraisers for nonprofit causes. "It's a very family-oriented, family-friendly house," says Rosanne, "and there's lots of space."
In 1980, he practiced with Pulmonary Medicine Associates, later Ohio Chest Physicians, in Fairview Park and Westlake. He was on the staffs of Lakewood Hospital, St. John West Shore Hospital and Fairview. He served as Fairview's chief of staff, chief medical officer, vice president of medical operations, section chief of pulmonary diseases and credentials chairman. He also chaired the Fairview/Lutheran Hospitals Board of Trustees.
"It is rare that a person gets up in the morning and looks forward to going to work, but I do," said Matthew Mason, a chaplain at Crossroads Correctional Center in Cameron, Mo.
Former defensive coordinator Gregg Williams, who left the Saints after last season to join the St. Louis Rams, ran the bounty program and has been suspended indefinitely. Goodell also fined the Saints $500,000 and took away second-round draft choices in 2012 and 2013.
An alleged bank robber being transported from Hudson County jail to an East Orange hospital was shot dead by a corrections officer during an escape attempt after somehow removing his handcuffs and leg irons during the car ride, officials said.
Somers said the shooting was the result of an argument between members of competing Crips gangs. On Sept. 15, 2009, Hill and Reynolds, both of Salinas, were visiting Hill's brother on Luxton Street in Seaside. Hill began teasing a 16-year-old who got upset and called his brother, Lee-Van.
"Our legal teams are working," she wrote. "There are way more schools that were scammed. We are working to put an end to this."
Goucher's coach, 1982 Boston winner Alberto Salazar, said Saturday that everything was going according to plan.
Sean P. Daley and Laurie Daley to Mark A. Woodward and John F. Keegan, property at 307 Sparrow Court, Three Bridges for $150,000.
On Friday, Adams' Alliance Comics will be the scene of a party in honor of the 12th Baltimore Comic Con, a two-day comics bacchanal held this weekend at the Baltimore Convention Center, where thousands of retailers, artists and fans get to immerse themselves in everything having to do with the medium they adore.
646 GROVE AVE $83,000
until Cummings found himself alone in the box after a pass from Brian Mullan. Cummings has six goals in seven career games against the Fire.
Last month in Detroit, the other big tourney, the North American Championships, drew players from as far away as Denmark and Norway. A Russian contingent had visa problems and couldn't attend. Still, the event's 48 players broke its record for participation. Other tournaments in the U.S. and Canada have been held recently or are planned.
For crews fighting the Dollar Lake fire, the weather was on their side. Trapped cool air subdued the flames, said Earl Cordes, spokesman for a Pacific Northwest interagency incident management team.
The deal to land Walmart also was bolstered by the upswing in the Silicon Valley economy.
Five donkeys, 24 mules and five sergeant trainers are stationed at the center for the course, which is given eight times a year to Marines, Army soldiers, Navy SEALs and some foreign troops.
City reinvestment and the influx combined to send home prices and rents climbing. The urban-growth boundary, by restricting new construction, pushed prices even higher. Restaurants and boutiques opened, displacing longtime businesses and making the areas even more desirable to newcomers.
With its stock sagging and its management in limbo, Yahoo could be more vulnerable to a takeover attempt by a private equity group or another opportunistic bidder attracted to what remains one of the Internet's best-known brands. Microsoft offered to buy Yahoo for $47.5 billion, or $33 per share, in 2008 only to be rebuffed.
Health care meeting: Gov. John Kitzhaber abruptly cancelled a working trip to the Oregon coast and instead flew to Washington, D.C., for face-to-face meetings with Medicaid and Medicare officials. Kitzhaber's health care "transformation" plan depends on a federal sign-off, not to mention cash.
Gail: Hi, everybody. Hope you're all safe inside and off the roads. I've heard horror stories from colleagues who had to drive downtown today, but I know nothing of that personally because I'm on the couch with Oliver (please excuse him if he tries to help me type), getting lots of work done while waiting to chat with you. I'll stay on as long as you have anything to say, so let's get going.
When David was 6, his father died. Vern Jacobs became his stepfather six years later. A widower since David's mother died in 2008, Jacobs underwent triple-bypass heart surgery about two years ago, "so we really have to watch the sodium now when we take him out to eat," a change that can benefit all of them, David says.
As a result, the old Scruggs Elementary, 4611 South Grand Boulevard, has been sold to an organization with plans to use it as an Asian cultural center and Buddhist temple, Newton said.
In 2009, J.P. Morgan settled charges by the Securities and Exchange Commission related to the sewer financing without admitting or denying the allegations. The SEC alleged that two former J.P. Morgan bankers made $8 million in undisclosed payments to close friends of former county commissioners.
Tafolla said Planned Parenthood's attorneys plan to submit opposition briefs later Tuesday and "hope the judge sees the state judge was correct in granting the injunction."
GM and Ford reported smaller-than-expected declines. GM reported an 8.2 percent drop while Ford's sales fell 5 percent.
"If that's the case, then we're failing our students in the institution that is preparing them for the future," he said.
But the vast majority of people don't need the extra push.
The drawing was very explicit, and there was no way to avoid seeing it because passengers had to cross over his leg to reach the bathroom.
DRONE MAGIC
We do need a strong economic platform by which to help the private sector successfully compete, and to create the kind of jobs that are going to provide for families and grow this economy until we can create the prosperity that this city was known for, really, for decades.
"We couldn't afford her now," joked Shannon, whose easy going charm and sense of humor are in sharp contrast to his crazed characters.
Hey, Doug: So is Wisconsin the team to beat in the Big Ten now? -- @jhavers1000
Note that I said "his or her" and not "its." When Jinene briefs the Equine Management Team on the day's tasks, the horses are referred to by name and gender. Some folks say you shouldn't anthropomorphize animals, but those folks aren't dealing with therapy animals. In this case, they are part of the team, and I believe they know it.
Full list of nominees:
The Scripps Institute of Oceanography will collaborate on efforts to gather seismic data off the coast of the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station, power plant operator Southern California Edison announced on Friday.
The Internet Explorer planners proposed a feature that would block any third-party content that turned up on more than 10 visited websites, figuring that anything so pervasive was likely to be a tracking tool. This, they believed, was a more comprehensive approach to privacy than simply turning off browser cookies, one that would thwart other tracking methods.
MEXICO CITY - Traces of blood and fragments of muscle, tendon, skin and hair found on 2,000-year-old stone knives have given researchers the first conclusive evidence that the obsidian blades were used for human sacrifice so long ago in Mexico.
Cost: $31-$92.
Robinson speculated that there might be more complaints from employees than from the general public. Unlike Government Center in Minneapolis, there is no fast lane for those who work in the suburban buildings. They have to go through the same screening as everyone else, each time they enter. That means a few extra minutes each day -- even leaving for lunch becomes more of a hassle.
Fogarty said the 30,000 patients served by doctors at Southwest Medical Center will experience no disruption in care. Patients will visit the same doctors at the same location, with the same office personnel. The center will continue to offer radiological and diagnostic services, including mammograms, bone density testing, X-rays, ultrasound, and laboratory services.
You might catch your breath when you peer behind the curtains at Cuisine of India. On the outside, it's a simple storefront in an aging suburban strip mall. But step inside and you're greeted with a burst of fresh, modern color: orange and red walls, lovely hardwood floors, vibrant, embroidered red-linen tablecloths and infectious Bollywood flicks on the screen over the new wood bar.
Vendor displays, fashion shows, center court entertainment, door prizes and a free take-home wedding guide. Presented by The Herald-Mail Co. and Valley Mall. 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sunday at Valley Mall, 17301 Valley Mall Road, Halfway.
You know who else loves bookstores? The people who work there.
"I am open to any option that (allows me to) finish with this matter," Haddadin said. He plans to meet with his lawyer on Monday to talk about the deal with Hirsch.
"What's up?" I asked.
Laclede, Missouri's largest natural gas utility, has 631,000 customers in the city of St. Louis and surrounding Missouri counties.
The Penn Relays annually draw to Philadelphia the biggest crowds of any track and field meet in the country, usually numbering 40,000 to 50,000 on both Friday and Saturday.
Diet Coke's rise reflects a long-term trend toward diet sodas. Ten years ago, only two of the top 10 were diet sodas. Now, four are on the list: the diet versions of Coke, Pepsi, Mountain Dew and Dr Pepper.
BPA's proposal is the latest bid to end a dispute that began last spring. At the time, the federal power marketing agency dealt with a huge runoff and resulting surge in power production by cutting off wind farms' transmission and substituting free hydropower to satisfy their scheduled energy deliveries.
Lt. Robert King, spokesman for the Portland Police Bureau was observing the crowd that had gathered at Director Park for the rally about 5:45 p.m.
How would I describe my style? Beach girl meets suburban mom.
There also is a move afoot to make it easier for private companies to raise more money and stay private. Currently, a company can avoid registering publicly with the SEC if it has fewer than 500 shareholders. A recent report in the Wall Street Journal cited an SEC letter that suggested boosting that number, which would let private companies collect from more investors without having to register and report their financial information publicly.
General manager Jerry Angelo and coach Lovie Smith are under contract through 2013, which would make firing either somewhat cost-prohibitive.
ANOTHER VIANNEY-HOWELL WALK-OFF
Santorum's departure spares Romney from a potentially costly and ugly primary campaign in Santorum's home state as well as the possibility of embarrassing defeats in other primaries.
Asked whether she could understand why Huff may not want her involved, Hinmon said: "On Oct. 12, she lost her mother and I lost my son. And neither of us had anything to do with it. And we both love Dominic."
Eileen King is the former meeting planner for the Outdoor Writers Association of America and a longtime friend who can't get enough of the sea. The Atlantic, she said, "is OK, but it's nothing like the Pacific. I could retire on the Oregon coast.
"Inception," Written by Christopher Nolan
Police said that Nelson and George formerly lived together.
Young turned to Lewis for the sought-after game tickets after Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake rescinded an invitation to him and his wife to join her in the city's skybox. The snub came after the council president criticized her administration's support for the beleaguered Grand Prix race, according to several sources familiar with the matter.
Tues., Feb. 21: "Shackled and Drawn"
Look for Big Rock Blue at Cowgirl Creamery, Le Beau Market, Good Life Grocery, Real Foods and Bi-Rite Market in San Francisco; Sacred Wheel in Oakland; Farmshop in Larkspur; and Epicurean Connection in Sonoma.
When Miller called, he started with small talk, but quickly got to the point. He said the Blazers were going in a different direction, and it was going to start with replacing McMillan.
As for Manningham, he sat out Monday night's loss and Wednesday, Coughlin said he was still dealing with swelling in his knee. Last week Manningham said he was going to play against the Saints and didn't so we'll have to see how this plays out.
Republicans are pushing for congressional hearings to consider changing the nation's 14th Amendment to deny such children the automatic citizenship the Constitution guarantees. They say women such as Garcia are taking advantage of the constitutional amendment and paint a picture of pregnant women rushing across the border to give birth.
"I could see Spurs players running around in the distance and saw two Scott Parkers and two Luka Modrics. That was when I realized something was seriously wrong."
With nothing to be done for the deceased, Ortega and the others trudged on, guided by a smuggler across the U.S. border, determined to complete their illegal odyssey even as they endured record-high temperatures and fever-pitch resentment.
Hillman did that, getting the Broncos' and everybody else's attention around the league with 1,532 yards in 2010 to go with 1,711 yards and 19 rushing touchdowns last season. Hillman is fast, having been clocked at 4.45 seconds in the 40-yard dash. He catches the ball well and fits what the Broncos want from a back behind Willis McGahee on the depth chart.
Likewise, automated shutoff triggers at generators and transformers throughout the system successfully protected equipment at several locations, but may have made the blackout worse, said Heather Polzin, a FERC investigator who helped lead the inquiry.
The guy next door
Geza John Vamos
Obama's haul points to the fundraising advantages of incumbency and to the staggering cost of the coming election, which in this cycle will feature a new, powerful role for independent groups that can raise unlimited sums. Those groups could out-raise and outspend the parties and the candidates this year.
In fact, in the first week of January, he bought a plane ticket from Portland to Dallas, his hometown. The departure date was Feb. 17, the first day of the All-Star Break. The All-Star Game is Feb. 20 in Los Angeles.
The Ducks traditionally have used lots of two-tight combos, from Blake Spence and Josh Wilcox, to Jed Weaver and A.J. Jelks, to George Wrighster and Justin Peelle, to Ed Dickson and David Paulson.
Despite the partisan tone, former classmates said Kagan always sought consensus.
His future looks bright. He has two group shows next year: One in San Antonio in October called "Psychedelic," and one at Cleveland State University called "Each in Their Own Voice: African American Artists in Cleveland from 1970 to 2005" that will run January through March.
At a news conference following the extended prayers, Alhimidi, speaking Arabic, asked the unknown assailant: "What are you getting out of this and why did you do it?"
Star-Ledger staff writer Christopher Baxter contributed to this report.
"This case became a priority because we knew there was a small child living in the midst of this," said Lt. Mark Jones, of the Task Force. For more on this story go to www.greeleytribune.com.
A similar request last year by the group for temporary custody of the dog was denied in court.
The game was marred by silly technical fouls, including two on Celtics forward Paul Pierce that resulted in his ejection. The second one was particularly puzzling as crew chief Dan Crawford told the Associated Press that it was because Pierce directed a profanity at Heat guard Dwyane Wade.
Doctors who set their faith aside, they say, can become disillusioned and less effective.
How come?
He also attacked President Barack Obama's energy policy, saying the Democrat had a "radical" agenda and citing decisions to reject the Keystone XL oil pipeline project as well as close off federal lands to drilling.
"I'm definitely stronger than I was last time," she said. "I'm believing in my coach, believing in my workouts."
And these Europeans are serious when it comes to rye. In some countries it is subject to government regulations; a bread can only be labeled as rye if it contains a specified, sizable percentage of the actual grain.
"I just thought from a team perspective, we were very disappointed with how we closed that game," he said. "I thought we just stopped being aggressive. Throughout the day (Sunday) and (Monday) morning, we talked about upping our level of aggressiveness and just being very active. We wanted to play with more of an edge than Game 1."
the highest level since the 2008-2009 season. The yield per acre was forecast at 45.7 bushels.
Throw in the fact that Wayne County Executive Robert Ficano is the highest-ranking local official -- and an unabashed political junkie -- and his absence from President Barack Obama's visit to the county Wednesday becomes a tad conspicuous.
AMR has said it wants to exit bankruptcy protection as a stand-alone carrier.
GE said Mr. Immelt was in transit, and not available for comment.
Lyndin Bellavia Benneth Family
At the moment of contact, an unfamiliar sound fills the air. It rings like a mix of metal and wood on diamonds throughout Minnesota and the rest of the country. But what happens next is the real change.
The district they're running in stretches along the lakefront from North Chicago to Glencoe, covers Lake Forest and Deerfield and reaches as far west as Buffalo Grove.
A group of parents who launched the case said the rules were unworkable because of California's shortage of school nurses. Last year, according to state records, half the school districts had no nurses, 7,000 schools were without nurses on an average day, and the state had 1 nurse for every 2,155 schoolchildren.
Clever Desert Plants: Exploration of desert palm oasis, at Cottonwood Spring.
"I have lived in Frogtown for six years and I thought I had seen it all. I guess I missed something," Ubel said. He expressed a common query: "Where would this bear come from?"
In fact, Harvey Scott's capture rate shows that most families feel pretty good about the school, compared with other K-8's in the district.
The Devils seemed baffled by the 10:00 misconduct penalty Clarkson received at 4:58 of the first period. Mike Rupp gave him a chop and Clarkson responded by slashing Rupp's stick. So why did Clarkson get 10 and Rupp nothing?
Did government mandate this subprime surge to aid less-than-wealthy borrowers? No. And it would seem bizarre to think that the government forced Bear Stearns and other Wall Street investment banks to pocket billions in historically high profits by bundling millions of these "innovative products" into pools laxly given the highest credit ratings for sale to investors worldwide -- yet many conservative commentators would have you believe this.
This may be only a modest improvement over the term, pink slime. Whenever anyone begins a premise with the word, "dude," they are trying so hard to convince you of something that you have to wonder if they are stoned.
California applied for the grants, but was not selected after less than a third of the school districts statewide submitted applications.
Ogletree's warning didn't slow down the social media chatter, and law professors said it's unlikely a judge could do that anyway because Facebook posts are a bit like people talking on the courthouse steps. They said the case highlights the problem the legal system faces with social sites like Facebook, where jurors, witnesses, lawyers and even judges could be "friends" or see the latest, unfiltered gossip on cases.
"Seventies Los Angeles is really not ever very far from my mind, for some weird reason," says author Dana Spiotta, a former Angeleno who now lives in upstate New York. "I just love '70s Los Angeles."
It's unclear whether Ficano ever used that statement.
"Seriously, it gives you goose bumps," Kemp said.
4.) Cleveland Public Theatre's new Directing Fellowship.
D) Tim Tebow, while putting up decent numbers as the Wildcat quarterback in his first three games in a Jets uniform, remains a backup with coach Rex Ryan firmly behind Mark Sanchez.
More worrisome, said Commissioner Elaine Renick, could be the unintended consequences of lifting fees.
John Harnell, an 18-year-old skater who was watching professional skaters practice at the just-built skate bowl on the boardwalk's south end, said nothing like this had ever happened in all the years he's been vacationing in Ocean City.
"The Comedy Awards" is a zesty who's who of jesters, supplemented by Andy Richter in the announcer's booth and The Roots as the robust house band.
I told it from the pulpit in several churches.
They stripped the woman of her purse and her groceries and took off running, he said.
*A previous version of this post said O'Connell is a former council member in Olivette; it's actually Overland.
The light bulb's release is the result of "the L Prize," a $10-million contract awarded by Congress in 2007 to the manufacturer who could find a way to replace the regular ol' light bulb, which is an energy suck. Philips won the contest by a landslide. (The AP notes that Philips "was the only entrant.")
In the opening game of the third set, Djokovic had to fend off five break points before holding a game that lasted 14 minutes, then asked the chair umpire for a handful of tissues to blow his nose.
Granat was charged with his parents' murders shortly after the brutal attacks, but the three others were not charged until this week after investigators questioned them again on Sunday and recorded video confessions detailing the alleged plot.
Wrote Dittoe: "The allegations alleged here are deliberately and maliciously salacious in order to garner headlines."
than three days to defrost.
The final rebellion against Kadafi was years in the making, and it burst forth as part of the wave of uprisings against autocrats and kings that has swept North Africa and the Middle East this year.
As far out as some theories may seem, there's a place where they intersect with mainstream political thought.
He said Obama prefers "a government-centered society."
But what was vague was whether the Tigers wanted Young back even if the evaluators deemed him physically and emotionally fit.
In Damascus, where support for the regime still runs strong, some said they hoped the election would lead to promised reforms.
Artesa Vineyards & Winery
1,000 students attended the 2010 Gateway District Conference at Hazelwood Central High School.
McIlvain, who was fired from his job, pleaded guilty to one count of animal cruelty and was fined $650, the report said. He was also ordered to enter into psychiatric treatment and barred from owning an animal for five years, the report said.
"Although we see a lot of that money walking around today, looking for opportunities, this is an example of one that actually closed," Gustafson said.
The effects of the injections were so serious that one woman had to undergo five separate hospitalizations and multiple surgeries. Authorities would not provide the names of any of the women who were hospitalized.
City tax revenue has exceeded projections in recent months, but some of it was because of sporadic activity, such as transfer tax receipts from the sale of commercial property.
A class action lawsuit against Monsanto alleging that the company is responsible for contaminated homes and schools near a chemical plant in West Virginia heads toward trial next week after mediation efforts failed.
"I love the thrill of the chase, so to speak. A lot of the art that I deal in and enjoy the most and try to bring to the table for my clients is not that readily available to the marketplace," he said. "In many cases, it is highly sought-after and difficult to get hold of."
These beans can be found in well-stocked grocers and most Asian markets. They often go by other names, including asparagus beans, yard-long beans and snake beans.
Osama Bin Laden leader of the terrorist organization responsible for the death of thousands of Americans is dead at the hands of locally based Navy Seals.
Oh, the glory of deprivation. It's music to a monk's ears: We'll all have to make do with less!
Your best bet for flying with your pet? Check your specific airline for travel requirements. Most require a certificate of health from your veterinarian and have size restrictions for pet carriers. If you're flying on Alaska Airlines, for instance, know that you'll need a pet health certificate issued by your veterinarian within 30 days of travel if you're flying across state lines.
Now Assad's regime has sought to assuage the Kurds enough to prevent them from joining the current revolt against his rule, which erupted early last year. Security forces have refrained from using deadly force against protests that have occurred in Kurdish areas.
Luke Hiser, Palmer Ridge 37-39-76
Bergevin held various other front office positions with the Hawks, including player personnel director and assistant coach to Joel Quenneville.
Troopers penned nearly 3,600 citations in April, up 3 percent from the same month in 2010. They're keeping a close watch -- especially in construction zones -- given the extra zip shown by motorists. "People are driving 80 now and the weather has been terrible," Zurcher said. "What are we going to see when it's summer?"
If they don't have those documents, they would have to produce the "alien registration document."
Niemi was razor sharp in the opener, stopping 40 shots, including 14 in the first extra session.
The apartments above McMahon's hadn't had a fire safety inspection in 16 years, and surviving tenants said an inspector would have found many fire code violations. Last month, the State Fire Marshal said Minneapolis should step up its fire inspections from every five to every three years. Later this month the City Council is expected to examine its inspection policies in light of the April 2 fire.
His country-by-country analyses succeed admirably, picking up on telling threads that even specialists will have missed. Why, for example, do the super-rich Mexican Carlos Slim and Brazilian Eike Batista behave differently than top billionaires Mukesh Ambani in India and Ahmet Calik in Turkey? Why do South African gold producers' stock prices fall when global gold prices rise? What does the price of a bellini in Rio have to do with Brazilian state oil giant Petrobras?
Mikhail Youzhny (6), Russia, def. Philipp Petzschner, Germany, 7-5, 7-5.
"Just because you're against government spending doesn't mean you shouldn't get any funds you're legally entitled to," said Grubbs, a former chairman of the Iowa Republican Party. "Lobbying for basic transportation needs in your district is what your job is as a congresswoman. If she was lobbying to put a rainforest in Minnesota, I think people would see that as disingenuous."
Brewery Ommegang
for child members. 480-481-8188. www.dbg.org.
Planned career: Business or engineering; signed to play lacrosse at Hartford.
Dawna Bynum Boyd
The Federal Reserve also sees the jobs report a day ahead, though no one will say exactly how. Former Labor Secretary Robert Reich said Alan Greenspan, who was Fed chairman from 1987 to 2006, had cultivated "moles" in the Labor Department who gave the data to him.
"But right now, in the absence of any meaningful controls on these sources of carbon dioxide, the Endangered Species Act is a potential tool."
(8:02:13 PM): Ashland 2, Springfield 0, Halftime
I have not been as regular with the defensive audits this season as I have in the past. That doesn't mean I haven't been tracking the numbers so that we can get a sense of whether the defense has improved, declined or remained stagnant. With September coming, it's possible to illustrate how the Cardinals have improved significantly in the past month. This is helped by the fact that they are coming off of two of their finest defensive games of the season -- the past two victories against the Brewers at Miller.
Ironically and somewhat sadly, the Las Vegas Strip has little room these days for Mr. Las Vegas.
Multiple members charged with recommending schools said last week the committee largely chose Uplands and Palisades because of their respective central locations on the north and south sides of the district. By choosing centrally-located buildings, students at closing schools would not have to attend schools that are far away from their homes.
A police dispatcher in Yuma, Ariz., said the quake was very strong there, but no damage was reported. The Yuma County Sheriff's Office had gotten a few calls, mostly from alarm companies because of alarms going off.
"Nothing extraordinary at this time, knock on wood," said Walter Greathouse, of the Metro East Sanitary District.
"For what it's worth, the first print of ADP ... has had some big misses in recent months in either direction compared to the first print of private payrolls. For instance, ADP overshot by 88,000 in March, undershot by 87,000 in January and overshot by 113,000 in December," Jonathan Basile, director of economics at Credit Suisse, wrote in a note.
A Hoboken man stopped for improperly entering a public housing facility is facing drug charges after cops found 28 small bags of suspected crack-cocaine on him, according to police.
When you see Viernes dance, sing and act there is no question as to why he was cast as talent of his scope is rare at any age. It's just that with the rest of the main cast representing low-class Anglo-Saxon miners in all their pasty-faced glory, Viernes dark hair and features don't quite fit in.
So if I'm writing here about schools, what was all that business at the beginning about cities and towns?
A family of four making $5 million a year would get a tax increase of $325,600.
Sunday will be cooler, with a high in the mid 60s, Byrd said, and showers and thunderstorms are likely in the afternoon. The overnight low Sunday night into Monday morning will be in the upper 50s.
The program "cleaned up record numbers of problem properties" and led to the eviction of dozens of drug dealers, according to Teichert's 2008-10 annual report.
He's also been endorsed by Don Matthews, who coached Niehuser and other Sunset High School Apollos to back-to-back state football championships in 1975 and 1976.
To facilitate the borrowing and possibly provide cash for construction, the museum received permission from Cuyahoga County Probate Court to divert up to $75 million of income from its art-purchase endowment.
Gallucci, a Republican in a county dominated by Democrats, said he initially scoffed at the absurdity of the idea proposed by then-county employee J. Kevin Kelley that he file as a candidate for auditor in the 2006 election.
When the Ultimate version of Fury was introduced in the comics, the artist modeled him after Samuel L. Jackson in the hopes that it would encourage Jackson to appear in the movies.
To make the CD set, which is on the Cambria label, Takacs originally was steered to a venue in Worcester, Mass., known for wonderful acoustics. When the piano there proved inadequate, he looked elsewhere, eventually finding a superb Boesendorfer grand at Austin Peay State University in Clarksville, Tenn.
"As a result of the auditions we've already had this year, it certainly suggests that Detroit and the music-making legacy here continues to be attractive for candidates," he said. "That bodes very well for our future."
Reardon said ads are more important now than in the past because most convenience store customers pay for their gas at the pump and never go to the counter, where they would see lottery displays.
Q: What is the SPC?
Grubb said the proposal is being tailored to thwart such risks, with an agenda focused on reestablishing a better framework for government drawn up by citizens selected at random, as jury pools are formed.
"By the time we kick off we'll know what we'll need to do. The challenge for City is to win at Newcastle. Their form is good and it won't be an easy game for City. We'll be aware of the game going on before ours. You can't avoid it."
Measure the rough opening and check that it's plumb and level. Even though you're replacing an old slider with a new one, the rough openings may differ. If that's the case, some modification of the opening will be necessary. Usually, the new door requires a smaller opening.
The Cleveland Clerk of Courts Office reversed itself and waived a $100 fine against a father ticketed for running a red light while rushing his minutes-from-giving-birth daughter to Fairview Hospital.
Best Buy ran rehearsals for Black Friday weekend, practicing lining customers up, placing products in the store, checking out overall flow and how the event may flow within the store.
He didn't respond, but if nothing else, Meyer knows how everyone back home feels. His friends and all of his hometown Ashtabula is ready for him to return to his home state, take control of the Buckeyes and lead them to the kind of glory that he did at Florida (2005-10), winning two national titles.
A Dealers hope work on some vehicles will begin this week, but they warn it may not start until next week. Part of their hesitation stems from uncertainty over when they'll receive the replacement parts. In addition, dealers say their mechanics will have to be trained on how to make the installation. How long will the training take? "I'm not sure," replied Mike Gianakis, service manager at Magnussen's Toyota in Palo Alto. "They haven't told us."
The rhetoric in today's political arena points ever more clearly to a desire on the part of some believers to have their denominational laws enforced upon all Americans, effectively establishing a government-sponsored national religion. This would violate the Constitution as it stands and would abrogate the rights of all persons who do not presently profess faith in that denomination.
"Of course we'll keep it," said Charlotte. "It's part of the history of the house."
Initially, the Beebes planned to start a catering business or work at bed-and-breakfasts as visiting chefs. Fran is famous for his secret-recipe chocolate-chip cookies - just one of which weighs a full quarter-pound. Michele said he could easily sell "Mr. Fran's Cookies" - a play on the Mrs. Field's brand.
Fortunately, however, Kweller hasn't burned out or faded away. The new songs are from "Go Fly a Kite," his fifth album. The SXSW show was in Austin, Texas, home to Kweller's new record label, the Noise Company. In our post-SXSW chat, we talked about that aspect of his youth - Texas, country music and all those tumbleweeds that still roll through his power-pop.
Even the fish have a hearty bent. The wild steelhead ($22) is served on a bed of crushed potatoes with sorrel cream and hefty dices of sweet beets that add the perfect contrast to the dish.
The Hoosiers' current 18-player roster includes nine from California and five from Canada. . . . IU has had three Indiana natives: Nancy Miller (Batesville, 1998), Kara Fellerhoff (Columbus, 1998-99), and Kayla Allen (Bedford, 2010).
First, Posey was part of the now infamous memorabilia for tattoos and cash scandal in 2010 and then it was found last summer that he had been overpaid $728 for a summer job. The NCAA suspended Posey for five games each for the two violations, leaving him just three games to cap what had been shaping up to a brilliant four-year career as Buckeye.
Last October, two gang members approached Donald Wood as he waited at a city bus stop just off campus. The gunman aimed at his head, but the weapon misfired, Donald said.
The potato gnocchi ($18) seemed ill conceived; fortunately, that dish is not on the current menu. I ordered it because the combination looked interesting - Brussels sprouts, pancetta and tarragon; however, there was way too much meat, which says something when you're an addict like I am.
The difference was labeled 'surplus." But it was actually about the same as what the city had contributed each year.
So it is with Wal-Mart. The company scoped out a potential site and identified a parcel that already is zoned for the kind of store it wants to put in. It announced plans to build on property that has been vacant for decades, and in accordance with the site's intended use. It did not propose one of its superstores but rather a relatively modest grocery outlet. It required no special action from the city because its plans were in compliance with the property's existing zoning.
Meanwhile, the younger Granat was downstairs looking for money. Qasem soon joined him and said his parents were still alive, prosecutors said. Granat then got a knife from the kitchen and went upstairs, according to authorities.
West Side Irish-American Club celebrate boxer Johnny Kilbane at 2 p.m. Sunday at its Jennings Road facility.
It had to do with sleep. Specifically, how lame it is to go to bed at 10 p.m. Which rubbed me the wrong way, since for me, a fitness enthusiast who generally tries to stay sharp, 10 p.m. is frankly on the later side. Now, this was not a medical program. Sleep was not the main topic, and there were no experts on hand to counter the host's opinion. The broader issues that day were actually marriage, children, and their deleterious effects on one's hipness.
New credit card regulations have outlawed what's been dubbed America's "worst credit card."
Though they don't have their regular bad-guy-foiling equipment, the team is jumping into action. Sophie (Gina Bellman) suits up to make a distraction by slipping a pair of killer pumps out of her bag.
Svendsen tried smoking himself one week in college, but quit after his father told him: "If you're going to smoke, you can pay for your own college."
As a third-year sophomore last fall, San Diego State running back Ronnie Hillman played only two years of college football.
Interviews with participants indicated, however, that the group wants to improve its current smartphone app, developed with $13,500 in private money, in order to tie it in to 311.
Any investigations into misconduct or how the department handled an incident would be "strictly the responsibility of the hospital," Mack said.
* Ryan Franklin didn't have it Tuesday night. He's a pitch-to-contact guy, and pitchers who can't get swings and misses at Coors Field are vulnerable to having a batted baseball land in the wide open spaces there. A lot of times, they're set up to take a beating -- as helpless as one of Manny Pacquiao's sparring partners. So this is what I don't understand: why didn't Tony La Russa stop the fight? Mitchell Boggs was in the bullpen, fresh and able. Boggs to me has been one of the more interesting (if quiet) success stories of the season. Since May 27, he's pitched
8. Crystal City 25-6 --
For instance, humus is covered with negative charges, which keep positively charged plant foods, such as potassium, from washing out of the soil.
What is your drink of choice, and where do you get it?
Speculation also centers on Internet brands like Facebook and Twitter. But a better barometer of the valley's economy, according to Naren Gupta of Nexus Venture Partners, might be the IPO of a more obscure company, such as Meru Networks, a Sunnyvale company that provides wireless networks for business applications.
Earlier this year, a coalition of 28 groups sent schools CEO Jean-Claude Brizard an email, demanding that the filing deadline be extended because only 2,060 people had signed up for the elections. It was shifted to March 23 from March 8.
The servicers will get various credits for actions they take as part of the settlement, which could increase the total amount of assistance to homeowners.
Indians hitters last year finished second in the AL with 1,269 strikeouts and seventh in walks with 494.
Q: From what I recall, it seems as if maybe some of the targets in your stand-up are the same as those in the movie.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Lakewood Mayor Ed FitzGerald, a prominent opponent this year of a sweeping Cuyahoga County reform measure, now hopes to lead a new government he did not want.
A Franklin County man died Friday afternoon after he lost control of his motorcycle and overturned 50 miles outside of St. Louis.
May 2004: The AJC reports that the school district wasted and mismanaged millions of dollars from the federal E-rate program for technology purchases. Two district officials later get prison terms. Hall blames problems inherited from the prior administration.
It was yet another second-half collapse resulting in another loss away from the Rose Garden for the Blazers (13-10), who fell to 3-9 on the road.
B: Coyote pup-rearing season
Fourth-generation Co-Chief Executives Timothy and Richard Smucker bought the Folgers Coffee business from Cincinnati-based P&G on Nov. 6, 2008, in a $3.7 billion all-stock deal.
Their loss dropped the Kings to eighth in the Western Conference, meaning a first-round playoff series with the Vancouver Canucks, who had the most points in the NHL. This will be a rematch of their first-round meeting two years ago, which Vancouver won in six games.
Smith, ATL 66 115 1.74
this and others across the country. (Applause.) So I know that some of
Like many of their colleagues in surrounding cubicles, Sims, 25, and Tam, 24, spend much of their days devising, revising and analyzing complicated security programs that they then use their well-honed skills to attempt to crack.
The alliance focuses on underserved and low-income districts, but any school can apply through the member group when they book a trip. Participating alliance members include the Bay-Atlantic Symphony, Wheaton Village, Noyes Museum, Cold Spring Village and the Wetlands Institute.
"The result wasn't very good, but I feel like I'm making better pitches than last time," Liriano said. "I feel more consistent throwing strikes and I think things are getting better. I made a few adjustments _ but I also made a few mistakes."
But the Brewer's Reserve the brewpub chain organized for tomorrow afternoon is something more. Belgium Comes to West Chester is a showcase of Belgian-style ales from more than a dozen area brewers.
This month, the Hoboken Readers' Circle book group is reading The Painted Veil, by W. Somerset Maugham.
"We're pleased that things seem to be moving forward," Patterson City Manager Rod Butler said Wednesday, adding that he didn't have any specifics on the sale.
If DeCastro truly is a "plug-and-play" player, he could have fortified the Bears' offensive line, which has a chance to take a quantum leap this season with a healthy Jay Cutler and Pro Bowl wide receiver Brandon Marshall. And you can argue that if the Bears' offense improves significantly in 2012, the defense can live with Israel Idonije's five sacks. They were doing fine with that last season until Cutler was injured.
All the way to the Supreme Court,
Don't miss: The South Ridge syrah is a reliably good value. And be sure to try the valdiguie, a varietal that's becoming quite scarce.
The affidavit says Zimmerman "confronted" Martin, after which a struggle ensued. In a likely preview of the defense strategy at trial, O'Mara questioned the use of the word "confronted."
"After working in this building, I wouldn't care if they put us in the middle of (Interstate) 205 on the center divider," he said, laughing. "If we have a new functioning police department, I'll be happy when it comes and I'll be happy with anywhere the city decides to put it."
The burger, which can and should be topped with bacon, cheddar and a flavorful fried farm egg, arrives like a hot mess, barely contained by its soft brioche bun. (In a twist, the fully loaded burger is the most expensive entree, or Protein, ringing in at $12.50.)
Worthington also said he has seen "a dozen" studies similar to the recent one and had expected a document more similar to one produced by the state.
Activities: Evermore, by Alyson Noel
2511 E 18th St; 1,302 square feet; on 2/7/2012 for $100,000
Getting a high school diploma matters, said Alex Madsen, a student in Oregon's class of 2009 who nearly dropped out of Portland's Benson High his junior year. He's completing a fifth year of high school at Alliance High, a district-run alternative school, and will get that diploma next month.
Where: St. Francis of Assisi Catholic Church, 6850 Mayfield Road, Gates Mills.
Other favorites Lopez Lomong and Alan Webb also qualified with times of 3:40.26 and 3:44.23, respectively. Webb wasn't thrilled with his fifth-place finish in his heat, but it didn't diminish his confidence for Sunday's final.
The thing is, the giving goes both ways, say volunteers like Toni Hadel, who takes her dog Bella to play with teens in juvenile detention:
Lindenwood is in the midst of spring football practice, beginning preparation for its first season in the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association.. The Lions' spring game is set for 7 p.m. April 21 at Hunter Stadium.
After college, Mr. Heath came to Maryland and taught French at St. Paul's School in Lutherville-Timonium and the Tome School in Cecil County, family members said. He left in the late 1960s to live and travel throughout France, while earning a master's degree in the language from the Paris-Sorbonne University.
His supporters say the information was incorrectly and illegally classified, and that whoever leaked it should be protected as a whistle-blower. They plan a demonstration outside Fort Meade during the hearing.
Amy says: I agree with you that the spirit behind this generous gift was suspect, certainly given this aunt's harsh judgment of the recipients.
Even though Umony's production occurred in a league that has questionable competition and talent compared to more well know leagues, Spencer heard enough to give Umony a chance.
"Airports have to move people and cargo safely, and there's not tons they can do to change the business model," said Katherine Preston, director of environmental affairs with Airports Council International-North America. "If they can do energy management and improve energy efficiency, they can control some expenses without compromising."
Many in the media are purposely expediting the collapse of American culture with relentless observations on the differences in people's income. They directly and indirectly promote the idea that the government is there to take care of all, by controlling and redistributing personal income. The belief that a central-command government can control the general welfare is not only faulty economics but also personally self-destructive. Aside from the obvious intent of pitting one group against the other for political reasons, such news presentation clearly reveals anticapitalist bias and an unrealistic one-world view. World government is not compatible with human liberty.
Instead, the board united around a watered-down resolution urging a collaborative process for reforming the schools.
"I'm happy to be healthy, especially in this kind of a season where there are games almost every day or you're traveling almost every day," he said. "I'm proud of myself, knock on wood, and hope I can keep it going."
Tickets are on sale at the church office, Dickens Lane Jewelers in Clinton, and online at churchholyspirit.org.
Akers last week broke the NFL single-season record for field goals and finished with 44. He missed on a 48-yarder Sunday but converted from 36 and 42 yards.
Both father and daughter were doing well Tuesday.
Jesse asked his grandfather how it felt to destroy his rifle without firing a shot.
McLean, Va.-based Freddie Mac said Thursday that its net loss attributable to common stockholders was $1.2 billion, or 38 cents a share, in the January-March period. That compares with a net loss of $929 million, or 29 cents a share, in the first quarter of 2011.
Sowell told jurors about the chaos in his childhood home on Page Avenue in East Cleveland, which he shared with his mother, grandmother and nine other children. There, he witnessed his twin nieces, who are a year younger than him, routinely stripped naked, tied to the banister and whipped with an electrical cord.
The new plan is presumed to raise $20.6 million a year beginning with $16.3 million in 2016 and growing to $25.5 million in 2045, when the county will have paid off its portion of the project. The total costs are $1.1 billion. The plan would have the Vikings contributing $425 million, with $350 million from the state.
In principle, the cottage can serve both needs, said Mike Womack, the executive director of the state emergency agency. Under the pilot program, the cottages are constructed off-site, wheeled in and strapped to concrete blocks as a temporary measure, their wheels left dangling in midair. The cottages are exempt from flood-elevation regulations.
Ed Yardeni, a prominent Wall Street financial analyst, advocates a new Homestead Act, like the one that passed in 1862 to encourage the settlement of the West. He envisions a matching government subsidy of up to $20,000 for any homeowner who puts up at least the same amount and has been approved for a mortgage on a primary home. The program would be capped at 2 million existing single-family homes, with a cost of $40 billion.
Expected highlights: Acura RL, Chevrolet Impala, Hyundai Santa Fe, Nissan Altima, Lincoln MKZ, Mercedes-Benz GL, Ram 1500 pickup, SRT Viper, Toyota sedan concept.
"UO is a school that has more surplus than most," said Paul Swangard, managing director at Oregon's James H. Warsaw Sports Marketing Center. "This is a creative way to take that surplus sale virtual and, really, global. There are few brands -- and Oregon is one -- that have that appeal."
The Pinnacle at The Academy, Adams 12 North Stadium, 6 p.m.
For the rest of the week, even after the sun sets, temperatures will stay in the 80s until at least 11 p.m. in much of the state. That leaves few options for people looking to escape the oppressive heat.
"The governor is going to move heaven and earth to get this initiative qualified," said the aide, who requested anonymity. "He owns it now. Any assertion to the contrary is pure silliness. He has said this compromise has a better chance of winning."
The age of the skinny is also the age of the bootcut.
That's why it was so painful for her in 2009. Goucher felt lifted by the crowds lining the course and the voices calling her name. Past the 20-mile mark, she got anxious and took the lead, holding it for nearly six miles. But she couldn't shake Kenyan Salina Kosgei and Ethiopian Dire Tune.
Oregon State Senate President Peter Courtney has earthquake preparedness high on his list of priorities. He spoke about Portland earthquake building codes at a town hall in April, 2010.
Today, a Google search on "Justin Bieber" reveals 700 million results. That's one a day for the next 2 million years. You can hear Bieber talk, sing, tweet and opine, and view his photos, videos or nearly every article ever written about him with the simple tap of a computer button.
The book is capriciously organized around the letter "c," starting with C12 H22 O11, the chemical formula for sugar, one of his early addictions. There will be other vices more hazardous to his health also starting with "c", but those relatively innocuous glucose goodies that turned him into a lawless bandit provide a nice introduction to the insatiable character he takes such pleasure in publicly flogging.
No such luck. Not only is it coming back, but season 2 reunites the ghastly duo of Jake Pavelka and Vienna Girardi, who supposedly found true love on his season of "The Bachelor," only to split almost instantly, with some of the creepiest televised break-up weirdness ever. (People magazine's Web site has the grisly details about the "Bachelor Pad 2" news.) Make a note of when "Bachelor Pad 2" premieres, so you can arrange to be miles away from any TV that might be tuned to it -- it debuts Aug. 8 on KATU.
"Roth can stand the test of time," says Aimee Pozorski, who teaches English at Central Connecticut State University and is a member of the Philip Roth Society.
Invictus
Violet Smith, 40, and her friends - wearing their bridesmaids outfits for a bachelorette party - were engaged in what she called "responsible partying." They started drinking around 7:30 a.m., but they weren't falling down.
Heading into the final night of the regular season, Cleveland (21-44) is within a game of four teams: New Orleans (21-44), Sacramento (21-44), New Jersey (22-43) and Toronto (22-43).
Anderson was born in Seattle and had been acting in adult films since after graduating high school in 1995.
Q. So he wasn't just trying to get even more into their face?
So, you think you know everything about Chandler? Test your knowledge of people, places and events with this quiz.
rekindled the movement by proposing a constitutional amendment that would have created new ethics rules, reduced the size of the House and made other changes. The amendment got caught in a political crossfire. It was removed from the ballot by the Missouri Supreme Court because it contained too many topics.
Instead, he believes students should graduate after 11th grade.
Tony's take: Bears' offense will cost them playoff berth. Broncos, 10-6.
1 egg yolk
These days the CEO saves his particular scorn for the occupant at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Asked about President Obama's decision to reject the Keystone XL pipeline that would carry crude oil from Canada and the Western U.S. to the Gulf Coast, he says: "I'm not surprised that this president made that decision. I'm surprised that a president made that decision. But knowing what I know about the sway that environmentalists have . . ."
What not to do
"These skills are vital to our democracy. They can speak about topics that interest them. The first step for change is to listen to everyone," she said.
After a tough night patrolling center field Friday, Dexter Fowler made amends Saturday night. In the third inning, he raced in and made a diving catch to rob Lucas Duda of a hit. In the fourth, Fowler sprinted toward the wall and made an over-the-shoulder grab, taking away extra bases from Ike Davis.
Bill Jakob said little during a hearing in U.S. District Court in St. Louis and declined to comment after he was sentenced for wire fraud, mail fraud, false impersonation and making false statements to the FBI.
Take the Baked Ravioli ($6.25 for a half-portion). The surprise is in the sauce: a visually attractive mix of velvety asiago cream sauce and San Marzano marinara. The Salumi Sliders ($7.50) are clean-your-plate tasty. Mild, artisan-crafted Italian salumi (salami) was topped with sun-dried tomatoes and a drizzle of fruity olive oil served on minibuns made of focaccia bread. The 9-inch Pancetta & Pomodoro pizza ($10.95) is equally tasty. The dough had a thin but extra-crispy outer crust and a light and airy interior.
"It's the hardest thing we've ever done," Amie said recently. "We'd be driving home at 9 o'clock at night, and it was freezing, pulling our trailer from filming, and we'd have to unload and reload to be ready for a whole different person at 8 a.m. the next morning - looking good."
A BP adviser said that BP made clear to the White House it did not believe it was liable for claims related to the drilling halt. She called the $100 million fund "a goodwill gesture."
During the Super Bowl XLVI postgame celebration, Jake Ballard said he had been told by the medical staff he suffered a torn meniscus. The Giants revealed today he also suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee, the same injury Travis Beckum sustained earlier in the game.
Guenter Seidel, who got a late start on his Olympic quest because he didn't have a horse until January, was third in the Olympic qualifier Grand Prix with Fandango on 68.234 percent, behind Peters and Ravel (79.213) and Sue Blinks with Robin Hood (68.957).
I can only conclude that when people fear and demonize anything different than themselves, it can only be because they question their faith in their own belief systems.
Patrick called Hornish after returning home Saturday night and sent an e-mail to Roger Penske, Hornish's team owner, to say she was sorry for punting the No. 12 Dodge into the wall on the cool-down lap of the Aaron's 312 at Talladega Superspeedway.
"They bought alcohol like they were buying water," she said, though she never saw any evidence that any of them used illegal drugs.
Wihtol has asked Book of Dreams readers to help buy:
"We're almost there," Romney said.
Afterward, Reines -- who worked 26 years for the county, including a three-year stint as county administrator -- met with Administrator James McCafferty. On the agenda: the 2009 state audit that is underway, property appraisals and new appointees to the county boards of revision. The boards of revision, which hear taxpayer challenges to property values, have been under investigation since June.
Earl Boykins, the undrafted free agent from the streets of Cleveland, is still hoopin,' still showing the league there's a little bit of tread left in those size 9 1/2 feet.
State aid to public school districts will be reduced and aid to municipalities would also shrink, Codey said, but he did not say by how much.
SHALERSVILLE TOWNSHIP
The governor wants the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to quickly restore rate discounts for every residential property that relies on electricity as its sole power source. And he wants the discounts put in place permanently, regardless of who owns the home or when it was purchased or leased.
x-Included in this total is direct government support, the value of college resources for the operations of intercollegiate athletics, unrestricted funds allocated to the athletic departments, and the value of facilities and services provided to the athletic departments at no charge.
It is still unclear whether the virus is ever cleared from the body or if it simply becomes dormant in people with strong immune systems.
In Poland, the newspaper Tygodnik Podhalanski reported that in 2005 Rybka was chased by police but managed to elude apprehension.
Wednesday was the last day for public comment on the plan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which is attempting to make changes to fight the childhood obesity epidemic.
It's not quite a St. Louis-area powerhouse, but the O'Fallon girls lacrosse program, now in its fourth year, is looking stronger than ever.
"Cal ISO has inquired about our ability to bring them back into service," said Eric Pendergraft, president of AES Southland, owner of three Southern California power plants including the Huntington Beach plant. "I guess if I was a betting man, I'd say it's likely they're going to be needed."
West Virginia at Pittsburgh 6 p.m. ESPN
Camron, after your first sentence, I thought you were funny. Now I just think you're nuts.
"I love it, but it has its flaws," she said of the district's evaluation system, as she recovered from a busy day of explaining improper fractions.
Fighting fires in a big city is important work, dangerous, challenging and exciting, even though - as the saying goes - "It ain't Creve Coeur."
Mary Mason, sister of Michelle Mason, testified about her family and when her sister went missing. She testified to Michelle Mason's drug abuse. She also talked about how proud Michelle Mason was when she became sober.
Coronado at Pueblo West, 7 p.m.
Josh Hamilton has become the 16th player in major league history to hit four home runs in a game.
It's a dispute that shows not only how teachers can be thrust into academic disagreements, but how those scientific debates can take time to trickle down to classrooms.
So why is Lynn's fastball so effective? It averages 92.3 mph. That's a nice number, but it isn't Nolan Ryan. The Lynn fastball has life, and movement, and he's hitting his spots with it. With the two-seamer, Lynn has a hard sink. That's why he gets so many ground balls. But then he can switch to the four-seam fastball, pitch up in the zone, and get swings and misses.
In addition, Brill recommended that the FTC conduct a thorough review of the PBM industry in three years to determine if in fact drug prices to employers have declined.
About a year ago, she received a Facebook message from Kim Smith, a woman who had been a childhood friend, and her curiosity was aroused.
Question: How are you handling being in seemingly every movie that comes down the pike lately?
A night after Jake Westbrook fiddled with his command as he got a feel for what manager Mike Matheny described as Vaseline-slick baseballs, Lohse hasn't seemed to be bothered by chillier conditions tonight at Great American Ball Park. He has his command throughout the game, and he's been able to bob and weave around the Reds' first two hits because of strategy and a knack for getting grounders.
Melanoma manifests as moles or brown spots, so the trick is to identify the difference between benign moles and suspicious ones. "We use the mnemonic device ABCDE," says Marmur. "That means you want to keep an eye out for any moles characterized by asymmetry, blurry borders, odd colors or multiple colors, large diameters, or visible evolution or change."
Note: Leave electrical repairs to a licensed, experienced electrician. That's an area even I won't tackle on my own.
Taylor said in an email that Southwest distributed this week to employees that the comments were "truly insensitive of me and I would like all of you to know that from now on, I will show nothing but the utmost respect during my interactions with all employees."
5:00 p.m.: Sweeney invites reporters into his office for press conference.
The detailed forecast for the Sacramento region:
I spent 15 minutes answering LegalZoom's online questions. It was a bit unnerving because I couldn't tell how the information would be used.
World Pairs Driving Championship gold medalist Sharon Chesson of Bedminster has been involved coaching the children, whose self-esteem gets a boost from learning a skill. The new venue in Oldwick offers an indoor ring, which means year-round programming and no need to cancel sessions because of the weather, as was the case when Driving for Surviving was based in Bedminster.
The basic recipe is simply good-quality ground meat, milk, breadcrumbs, onions, salt, pepper -- and allspice, the flavor that sets them apart. Fendert also recalls that his grandmother used to add soda water to her meatballs, a trick that translates into a crispy coating when the meatballs are cooked. Swedish meatballs are traditionally served with brown pan gravy, sweet lingonberries and boiled potatoes.
Ariela Neuman has not visited her husband in jail, Panitch said.
The fight has come down to three viable contenders: Sue Lee, Eric Mar and Alicia Wang.
Johnny Khamis, who also wants the budget fixed, has a unique plan to simplify and ease permitting. He suggests that contractors earn a city certification and sign off on jobs with surprise inspections as part of the deal. That, he explained, will reduce costs of permitting and increase business.
At an ed-board meeting Wednesday, Swalwell said of Stark's smear tactics, "He was willing to say anything to fool and deceive people without doing just basic research."
MISSES: The website could use more destinations. And where's the Google Map to help search for excursions? Or a list of activities within 10, 20 or 50 miles of a ZIP code?
1. Indonesia 2. Austria 3. Venezuela 4. Colombia 5. Paraguay 6. Malawi 7. Afghanistan 8. Italy 9. China 10. Peru
Sandy Ridge Reservation-Johnson Wetland Center, 6195 Otten Road, North Ridgeville. (440) 458-5121, (800) LCM-PARK or LorainCountyMetroParks.com.
do we understand what the f**k I want to see tomorrow?
While there's strong demand in science, education and health fields, arts and humanities flounder. Median wages for those with bachelor's degrees are down from 2000, hit by technological changes that are eliminating midlevel jobs. Most future job openings are projected to be in lower-skilled positions such as home health aides, who can provide personalized attention as the U.S. population ages.
"I never yell at them," she said. "I just tell them I'll come back when they're ready to talk to me and give me their order."
Murtha sounds equally hungry, having recovered from surgery to repair a torn tendon and three torn ligaments connected to a toe in his left foot.
In other words, one minute you find yourself working for an oil company that wants you to seize territory held by the Chinese -- in Venezuela. The next minute, you're working for the Chinese to seize territory from the oil company. Or, you could be working for Rastafarian pirates.
Kahne opened the season with a month of wrecks, mistakes and disappointing results for Hendrick Motorsports, culminating in a collision with Regan Smith that ruined last week's race at Bristol. He's 32nd in the Sprint Cup Series points standings, and his car is down to 34th in owner points, theoretically putting Kahne in position to lose a guaranteed spot in the field if he has another wreck or awful performance today at Auto Club Speedway.
Tourism is already a booming industry in Los Angeles and may soon be even bigger.
Remember that no legitimate company will call or email you asking for your passwords and account numbers. Never click on links sent in unsolicited emails - they may lead to fraudsters' websites masquerading as banks or retailers. Type in a Web address you know.
He will try to become Lukas' fifth Derby winner and will be ridden by Jon Court.
"I was imagining things," Wainwright said. "Ghost runner on second."
Mills recommended that Sojourner School be relocated to another campus besides Concord Elementary School, since the district would like to find a school that aligns with the attributes necessary to keep the Sojourner program.
The game marked the debut of Richard Hamilton, who started at shooting guard and had 13 points and six assists. Hamilton, who is used to playing off the ball and was once a fine defender, seems a good fit, writes the Chicago Tribune's Steven Rosebloom, who adds that Hamilton opened things up for forward Carlos Boozer, who scored 24 points.
Though I appreciate the Hillsboro School District for spreading the cuts over the past four years, the proposed cuts for this upcoming year will be felt by all Hillsboro School District students.
But this year, they'll be no evening music programs, no all-school musicals.
One man was critically injured and three others, including a Grants Pass police officer at the scene, sustained injuries in a fire at a Grants Pass complex early Friday morning.
For both, the traffic is light, and the cars consume an identical amount of battery power while traveling the same number of miles. Being purely electric, they emit zero tailpipe pollutants during their trips.
"With gradual improvements, today patients with the diagnosis are better off and live longer than they did 20 years ago, overall. But that said, there's still lots of room for improvement."
Sean Davis pitched in at a recent Tuesday practice to help the band's current crop of 10 students with the rudiments of piping on chanters, practice instruments that resemble the plastic recorders kids learn to play in elementary school music class. Jim Dunne, a retired Baltimore County firefighter and the band's original pipe major, is the group's regular instructor.
The quake tore apart houses, bridges and highways, and Chileans near the epicenter were thrown from their beds by the force of the mega-quake, which was felt as far away as Sao Paulo in Brazil -- 1,800 miles to the east.
"They erased the word 'Phoenix' and wrote in the word 'Yuma,' " Clark said. The legislators returned from lunch and voted, and did not learn about the sleight of hand until later.
"Without question it's different," Crawford said.
Was that fun for Faried?
No one responded, presumably because of liability issues, he said.
Reilly also told reporters at the Detroit auto show today that he expects to finish restructuring GM's Opel operations this month. He says changes that combine GM Europe and Opel management will be announced Friday or Monday.
The purchase increases the size of the school's campus from 125 acres to 234 acres.
Berman recommended that Cameron Douglas be sent to a prison facility that can offer him drug treatment and mental health care, although the final decision is let up to the Bureau of Prisons. He also recommended that Douglas be allowed family visits, which have been disallowed since he has been held in solitary confinement for 11 months for violating prison rules.
The protests are in response to Arizona's new immigration law and the failure of Congress to address immigration reform.
Veterans Affairs has been assisting the Englewood couple with their rent. "If it weren't for the VA Hospital, we'd be homeless," Ramirez said.
What happens if they're going out for dinner? Judy falls asleep on the couch wearing a sleep mask until the phone rings at midnight. They meet at the all-night diner - pancakes for her and pot roast for Judy.
And it's a time when young people begin asserting their independence.
"I was outraged that my country could execute people in such a protracted, moribund way," says Kroll, who later became the founding director of the Death Penalty Information Center in Washington, D.C.
GOOD EATS:Haleiwa is the nearest spot for good restaurants. Haleiwa Joe's(66-011 Kamehameha Highway, 808-637-8005 or www.haleiwajoes.com) is the top choice in a very limited number of fine-dining options.
Office 114: Eric Harmon
Edison's statement said the utility "has committed in writing to the NRC that it will proceed deliberately and conservatively to implement these steps, always bearing in mind that safety is our first priority."
People have been looking for you.
Gary Alan Fine is John Evans Professor of Sociology at Northwestern University. Bill Ellis is professor emeritus of English and American studies at Penn State University.
Democrats and environmentalists said Christie is more interested in scrapping a model initiative than helping fix it.
The NFL is vigorously challenging those lawsuits in court. It also has begun warning players about potential health risks and has enacted a series of protocols to ensure that players who may have suffered concussions aren't sent back into games.
Kings of Leon bassist Jared Followill is engaged to model Martha Patterson, his rep confirmed to People today. Followill and Patterson just began dating in January. The rocker was previously linked to Ashley Greene and Miley Cyrus.
Chao denied taking the photos but admitted posting them.
But a strike may not happen until the fall semester at the earliest. The union and CSU administration are still in contract talks. The vote just gives the union the authority to strike after all negotiation options are exhausted, as required by law.
The students earn paychecks, with Social Security deductions, that can be redeemed at the school, for goods such as DVDs or hygiene products, Rieman said.
U.S. District Judge Vanessa Bryant in Hartford, Conn., ruled the U.S. could set up a substitute server to replace the seized ones. The ruling allowed the server to be operated, under law enforcement supervision, by the Internet Systems Consortium, a nonprofit group based in Redwood City, Calif.
3824 Arbre Ln, $162,500
He was arrested at MetLife Stadium on Sept. 11. Stadium CEO Mark Lamping has said no one was seriously hurt in the incident during the Jets' 27-24 victory.
Childcare workers nurture, teach and care for kids too young to enter Kindergarten. State licenses are required for almost all facilities, but official requirements vary for individual workers from graduate degrees in early childhood development to less than a high school diploma. The median hourly wage was $9.12 in May 2008. The middle 50 percent earned from $7.75 to $11.30 per hour.
Kathryn Bense said her husband usually got off work at about 10 p.m. so this would have been the last call of his shift.
He'd said that before -- in 1993, after selling Stash Tea Co., one of the nation's other top specialty tea companies he co-founded.
"When they all came in it was a different era," Fredrikson says.
McCarthy dismissed assertions that "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" was an allegory about the communist infiltration of America or an indictment of McCarthyism.
"In another case of runaway Wall Street greed, some of America's wealthiest hedge funds and investment banks, including Oaktree Partners, Angelo Gordon, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Citibank, forced Tribune's senior management to renege on an agreement that would have kept DirecTV customers connected to their local programming," DirecTV said in a statement. "Their actions represent a brazen attempt to extract yet another bailout on the backs of innocent viewers."
Instead, they're seeking to exit the volatile real estate market and create liquidity. For companies that have no plans to move, their sale-leaseback proposals are finding eager buyers.
Igor's home had been booked all summer since he begain listing it online. I understood why. Affordable lodging was nearly impossible to find here, and at less than $100 a night, it was a steal. If it weren't for his listing, we would have knocked on doors, hoping to find a comfy, clean bed. The next morning, he brought us coffee and pastries that we expected to pay for, but he didn't charge us. The bus stop was a short walk from Igor's house.
Clackamas Fire District No. 1 also banned all outdoor burning today until conditions improve.
Winance died Saturday at Antelope Valley Hospital in Lancaster after a heart attack, said Father Damien Toilolo, the prior administrator of St. Andrew's. Winance had maintained a full schedule of prayer, study and preaching, including celebrating Mass at a juvenile hall and a convalescent home, in the week preceding his death.
Despite the continued crackdown, the Local Coordination Committees, a coalition of opposition groups, reported numerous protests Wednesday, several calling for solidarity with Taftanaz, a town in Idlib province that was attacked Tuesday and described by some as a disaster area.
The driver of the truck was issued summonses for maintenance of lamps and driving an unregistered and uninsured vehicle, police said. The truck was impounded.
Other land and buildings may be ripe for redevelopment, but the sites come with challenges ranging from multiple owners to the high cost of acquiring land in an urban district.
Together, the six small plants have the capacity to generate 2,689 megawatts -- about twice the power that the Perry nuclear power plant produces -- and enough electricity to power about 600,000 homes.
Ryan Winkler, DFL-Golden Valley.
The filings also show that Clerk of Courts Gerald Fuerst and Engineer Robert Klaiber joined the recorder last February in asking for a publicly financed review of whether their elected offices could be abolished two years before their terms end.
When pain persists, you may be advised to apply cold and/or heat, and take aspirin or ibuprofen, or a muscle relaxant. A physical therapist can use a variety of treatments, from ultrasound to deep-tissue massage, to release tight muscles. In some cases, a doctor might recommend steroid injections or, more rarely, surgery to fuse the troublesome joint, though it's not always effective.
He has gone away but his debts have stayed. He had listed Wafaa as a cosigner on a lot of the pink slips. The burden now falls to her.
With Giffords' husband, commander Mark Kelly, at the helm, Endeavour and its experienced crew of five Americans and an Italian are headed for the International Space Station. They will arrive at the orbiting outpost Wednesday, delivering a $2 billion magnetic instrument that will seek out antimatter and dark energy in the universe.
Harper struck out on four pitches in his first trip to the plate, missing badly on his three swings, but the crowd cheered again as the 19-year-old walked back to the dugout.
That's changing in California, thanks to a band of winemakers on the western side of Paso Robles who are crafting some of the state's most interesting and ageworthy wines by blending Paso's star Rhone varietals, such as syrah and grenache, and sometimes cabernet sauvignon and zinfandel.
"Before the signing of this bill, citizens would wave at me," said David Salgado, a 19-year Phoenix police officer who sued the city and the governor asking that the law be blocked. "Now they don't even want to make eye contact."
"Running has stayed very high on that list of things not to cut," said Lamppa. "In general, humans want to feel good, and running provides that. There's something about it that puts a smile on your face and takes you away from workday worries. It gives you something you can control."
Makes 18 servings.
Mark Hatfield
The forum will be at 7 p.m. at the Webster Groves Recreation Center, 33 E. Glendale Ave.
Brewer Fred Karm tells us the ale probably will be around through November, available at the brewery and limited places. The brew, which has been available for tasting since early September, is a wonderful balance of spices (cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, allspice and clove) yet nothing dominates its fresh pumpkin flavor. It's a bit high in alcohol (8.4 percent) with an incredible pumpkin flavor.
218 N 4TH ST $90,000
The 1980s "was sort of a golden moment for American," says Michael Useem, director of the Center for Leadership and Change Management at The University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School.
One visitor was Heide-Margaret Esen-Baur, a 68-year-old ethnologist from the German town of Kronberg. Dressed in a floral print shirt with a satchel, she said she had long been interested in women in politics, given that she, too, was a member of her city's local parliament. She said she prepared for her trip by reading George Orwell's novel "Burmese Days" and a bit of Rudyard Kipling. She then launched into a hearty refrain from the Kipling poem, "Mandalay," featuring the verse:
The findings present the earliest clear evidence of such use of fire, experts said.
The mission also touches the clients. Temple is now a high school senior living with her father and plans on attending Portland State University next fall.
"I'd seriously question $32 million in economic impact from two charter flights a week,'' he said. "A lot of those people are going to get off the plane, get on I-4 and go to Orlando.''
Amid whipped cream pies that miss Rupert Murdoch's face and the ongoing game of "Where's Casey Anthony?", much more urgent news is getting lost in the noise.
"So many old-timers around here say that the color of alicante bouschet drops out, but that hasn't been our experience," said Bob Hartzell.
Creekside Financial Advisors LLC: Jessica Silver joined the Pepper Pike financial services firm as a client manager, and Susan Valerio as office manager.
Officials familiar with the federal investigation say it is concentrating, at least in its initial stages, on how alleged cheating affected payments to the Atlanta school district from the federal Title I program. Title I is the section of U.S. education law that provides extra assistance for teaching poor children.
Chop the garlic and the onion. Peel the ginger and slice it into coins. Cut the chicken into bite-size chunks.
It also means a final farewell to a pair of signature dramas both ending eight-season runs. On ABC, "Desperate Housewives" is capping off the murderous mayhem and sexy shenanigans on Wisteria Lane. And over on Fox, Hugh Laurie's cranky physician no longer will be making any "House" calls.
"I want to say, to the small group in the House of Representatives moving to stop this bill. Stop it. Pass this bill," Schumer said, calling the renewal a "no brainer."
According to tax records, the 18.2 acre lot is assessed at $167,100, up from the pre-revaluation 2010 total of $94,600.
It may not be a statistical certainty but in my experience, when an ethnic group dotes on a restaurant that features their "home" cuisine, chances are the food is worth the money.
"Problem gambling, like alcoholism, is a lifetime disease," Spare said. "It doesn't go away."
If you're expecting me to add some insightful thought or enlightened interpretation at this point about the meaning of life, please don't be too disappointed. I ain't that smart. Was there a message to the tale of Forrest Gump? Perhaps the moral is that we should just do our best with whatever life throws at us, and try to make the most of the people and challenges we encounter along the way.
Storing herbs. The new Prepara Herb Savor ($14.95) came highly recommended to us by a Sur La Table manager. But truth be told, we were dubious. Why would a little plastic gizmo that you fill with water preserve your basil and rosemary any better than the old-fashioned method of wrapping them in a wet paper towel?
"Public benefit," properly understood, should mean projects that benefit the whole public: police stations, hospitals, schools, and libraries. Not auto malls or upscale hotels.
The sales information will be updated at about the middle of each month, with all transactions for the previous month.
The criminal charges could result in six months in jail, a $1,000 fine or community service, Saracino said.
Main Street between B and Sixth is an excellent example of the diversity to be found. Houses in Period Revival Monterey, Craftsman, Colonial Revival, Victorian Stick, Modified Queen Anne, Period Revival Tudor, Victorian Italianate and California Bungalow styles, plus a home built in 1950, blend harmoniously.
2 teaspoons coriander seeds
The investigation, Dusenberry told The Jersey Journal, is an "attack on my academic freedom."
Rybak wants to fund the city's contribution to the 30-year project by redirecting hospitality taxes -- sales, liquor, lodging and restaurant -- now paying for debt and operations at the city's Convention Center. That debt will be paid in 2020.
Farmers worked hard to get right-to farm regulations passed, said Dave Rosenthal, Lake County Farm Bureau's second vice-president.
New Orleans ... 4-0
Mr. Cohen, one of the vanishing breed of moderate Republicans when he served in Congress, lauded the offer of Republican Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania, a supercommittee member, to accept about $300 billion in tax increases in return for lower tax rates. But even that offer didn't go far enough, Mr. Cohen wrote, "to avert the possibility of disastrous cuts to our military."
Loriquet later amended his comments to say that "some special requests could go as high up as the colonel."
Q: I bought a house in Scottsdale's Villa Monterey two years ago. There is a small ocotillo plant in the front yard that hasn't yet bloomed. What could be the reason? I wonder if it is too young, but I don't know when it was planted.
The financial institutions would purchase equipment from the supplier, then lease the same products to Schwartz and Allied, authorities said.
"It's a pretty good time to be a guide at Lees Ferry right now," said Capt. Tyson Warren, an 11-year fishing guide with Lees Ferry Anglers. "It makes us look like gods."
This team does not need a solid backup for a playoff run. They are not a player or two away from being a serious threat in the playoffs unless one of the guys is named James or Howard. This team needs minutes to develop young guys like Johnson.
Also, a $65 million bond issue to equip and maintain facilities in the Washington School District failed.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The words wiped the smirk off what had been the face of the Cavaliers' franchise and chastised the lickspittles in his entourage.
"Spisak killed three people, tried to kill at least one other and shot a fifth in his admitted plan to kill as many African-Americans as possible and start a race war in Cleveland," the board said in a report released Friday. "A recommendation for mercy is not warranted in this case."
8Organize the cupboard or drawer holding baking sheets and pans. Tension rods can serve as separators.
"I like vodka, so I was interested," said the banker and businessman. "But I was just going to flip it. Make a few bucks."
"The intense stretching releases endorphins and gives me a sense of well-being," Rothman says. "It makes you not only flexible but also euphoric."
He said crews had done an exhaustive search of about 95 percent of the apartment complex and would continue searching throughout the night.
Combined funky grooves, soulful harmonies and jazzy arrangements. Led by Maurice White, the group recorded a string of R&B hits that crossed over into the Top 40 in the '70s, including "Shining Star" and "September."
"Energy efficiency enhancements have up-front costs that are paid back over time through savings on your energy bills," FirstEnergy spokeswoman Ellen Raines said Monday. "The savings far outweigh the cost of the program. And we hope customers who have not used CFL bulbs will like them.
Activists said government troops opened fire on demonstrations in several areas, including the towns of Dair Alzour, Taseel and the Zahira neighborhood of Damascus. Eleven people were killed and dozens injured, according to activists.
Eaton scored 6,568 points to break the record of 6,499 that he set last year while winning the NCAA indoor championship in Fayetteville, Ark.
An Orange County man has been sentenced to 330 years to life in prison for molesting four young female relatives, including one in the restroom of her elementary school.
The book is educational, explaining a guide dog's job, and humorous and heartwarming, sharing Carlson's experiences with the companion he calls "furry Prozac without the side effects."
The grant of up to $4,000 will be combined with $16,000 from the city for engineering design work for improvements at the 10-year-old park at 13525 Clayton Road.
Last year, the foundation added an expo to the event. This gives local businesses sponsoring the event a chance to come before the races begin and hand out materials, offer free or low-cost services and educate the community about the latest in health and wellness. More than 15 businesses are participating this year.
Inconsistent; gambles too much; quick to anger.
"It seems like something we've waited for, for a long time," said Wentzville plant manager John Dansby. In the U.S., Colorados are currently made in a Shreveport, La., facility that's slated to shut down in August 2012.
The humane society employs three full-time animal cruelty investigators.
New Jersey joined the Powerball consortium Jan. 31. Powerball is available in 41 states, as well as the District of Columbia and Virgin Islands, with drawings held every Wednesday and Saturday nights at 10:59 p.m. on NJN.
You'll need a candy thermometer to make sure the caramel sauce reaches the "hard-ball" stage (300F). It's at this stage that the sauce will harden once cool.
at 2,960.
Question: Do you think this team can be a contender again?
I was somewhat reluctant to do this entry and follow-up story because I didn't want to get into a media semantics battle. After all, nothing drives me nuts more than when we become the story. We're not the story; the story is the story.
They burst into the Rock Hall in their first year of eligibility, in recognition of their hard-rocking accomplishments. They lived hard, too, with an appetite for dysfunction fueled by a steady diet of sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll.
"This is a classic example of why legislators, instead of hanging in Maui, should be spending their time strengthening our gift rules in California," Cressman said.
He added the main water sources for the ponds are a combination of drainage from the watershed above the ponds and water imported from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, which is carried through more than 40 miles of pipelines, tunnels and canals known as the South Bay Aqueduct to Santa Clara County.
McIntosh has said the accusations are about politics. He says he voted from Indiana and rented homes here because he considers the state his home.
Their children, who ranged from eight months to eight years old, were taken on the shoplifting excursions, according to El Mirage Assistant Police Chief Steven Campbell. Family members took the children into their care after the parents were arrested, Campbell said.
Last meal: Two bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwiches on white bread, mayonnaise, four over-easy, fried eggs, hash-brown potatoes, two breakfast rolls, strawberry jelly, one half pint of pineapple sherbet ice cream, 22-ounces of coffee, one medium slice of German chocolate cake with coconut-caramel icing, a 12-ounce cup of cold milk.
Above our raised, wood booth, the entire wall was filled with a mosaic of domestic and international beer cans, with the exception of a lone can of Coke. (Try to find it on your visit.) Above the concrete slab bar, motorcycle parts have been silvered and hang above the attractive bullet lights.
Fowley left Hollywood for years, but the city drew him back. The Strip is no longer the central hangout it once was; instead the senior citizen has found his home in the city's fetish clubs.
9. You look like a skateboarder, the way you dress off the field, with the backward caps and skater-boy shoes. Is that what you are, for real?
"We got off to a very fast start," Drew said. "I thought we did a good job in pushing the tempo of the game. We said early we really wanted to dictate the rhythm of the game of getting out and running and exploring what we had in transition."
As for checked bags, United, which charges $25 each way for the first bag and $35 for the second, applies its allowance to each seat. So if you book two seats and check two bags, your fees will total $50 instead of $60. Delta Air Lines has a similar policy. But Southwest, which doesn't charge for the first two bags, says that whether you occupy one or two seats, you can take only two bags for free.
However, despite his severe brain injuries and odds stacked against him, Snow fought through a week-long coma and continues to progress steadily back to health.
"Most of our early expansion was on the East Coast corridor," Vellios said. "Given the success we've had with some of our more recent entries into the Chicago and Detroit market, we feel this is a natural next step for our concept."
5:30 p.m. Champions Tour: Insperity Championship (taped), Golf Channel
To this point the GOP plan has failed because Williams, of Cleveland, has been unable to get caucus members to follow her lead and agree to the Republican map. She said most in her caucus refuse to break ranks with their party chairman Chris Redfern, who is clamoring for Democrats to stick together.
Camp Adder is one of just five U.S. bases now occupied by the 8,000 troops still in Iraq. That's down from 505 bases and 170,000 troops at the height of the war. As recently as January, there were still 50,000 American troops in Iraq.
Naughton said the green tea contains catechins, also found in white tea, which seem to stop an enzyme involved in detecting testosterone. By preventing that enzyme from working, testosterone largely goes unnoticed in the body and doesn't get passed into the urine - where officials usually test for the hormone.
District officials, however, said they had no say over what projects SDA ultimately chose and wondered why other, higher-priority projects were passed over.
Vikings general manager Rick Spielman watched Kalil up close when USC played at Minnesota in 2010 and was on the other end of that life-changing phone call.
"Give us your hands. Open up your hearts to us," he said. "Forget past misfortunes and as one people prepare to face the enemies of Islam, the enemies of humanity.... We shall resurrect our heritage. We shall avenge our wounded dignity and restore the rights which have been wrested from us."
What she likely will remember best were quiet moments with the other 11 finalists, who quickly bonded and formed a unique peer group. At one point, they shared a two-hour breakfast during which they compared notes on the challenges of being super-achievers.
Bagley said team and state officials "carefully and thoughtfully" studied what happened in Indianapolis, where operating costs for the Indianapolis Colts' new stadium exceeded revenues, and in St. Louis, where the St. Louis Rams are in discussions over what is meant when the public is obligated to maintain the Edward Jones Dome as a first-class facility.
WASHINGTON - Osama bin Laden's personal notes and letters, which were seized a year ago in the U.S. raid on his compound in Pakistan, show a leader removed from day-to-day operations of the terrorist organization he founded and increasingly frustrated with the new generation of managers rising in the ranks.
"Initially, I put a lot of effort into the bag, as it was part of the gift. I would hem the edges, and do everything to make it look great," she says. "Then I cut myself some slack and figured out a way to whip them together - super simple, no fancy sewing. And guess what? People loved them just as much as the ones that took a lot of time."
"We scored six quality goals, more than they have in any game this year," Eureka coach Mike Silva said. "There were a lot of mental mistakes. I hate using the excuse that we're a young team, but that's reality. A lot of the mistakes that we had are fixable."
"We're going to take the best players to give us a chance to win -- out of camp and as the season goes along. ... At any point if we have a better option, that's the way we're going to go. I know he's a hot-button guy for a lot of our fans, but if he can help us win, he's going to get a chance to play."
Other measures approved by the committee involved limiting perks to Port Authority employees, and compensation to host communities where the Port Authority owns property.
An optician from Lexington, Ky., Meatyard had a lifelong interest in visual perception.
A woman coughs at a bar and then puts her hand in a bowl of peanuts. Someone wipes his face and then touches a doorknob. Friends and lovers kiss, and contaminate. And all of this information is conveyed, wordlessly, in a quick procession of images.
New York went ahead when Rodgers scored in the 32nd minute after Joel Lindpere's corner kick went to Jan Gunnar Solli, who outjumped defender Frankie Hejduk. Solli's header went off the gloves of goalkeeper Donovan Ricketts, and Rodgers scored as defender Stephen Keel blocked the keeper's view.
"Hey, Walter, you know what I was thinking would be a good tune? 'Come See About Me' by the Supremes," Fagen suggested.
If Dewey, 51, is exonerated, it will be the first for the Justice Review Project since it was created in 2009.
Chavez hasn't appeared on television since leaving Venezuela, instead communicating with supporters through Twitter messages.
Even today, the greatest violent threat to young black men in urban America is young black men in urban America. And the sea of socioeconomic waters that threaten to consume them is ever swirling.
I watched her charges during a mini-tune-up/fundraiser for next week's Brave New Voices International Youth Poetry Slam Festival in San Francisco, billed as the world's largest ongoing spoken-word event. Team Rock-it is short on funds, but long on passion, talent and social consciousness.
An internal team at the district level is already working on budget reductions, which will be presented to the district budget committee, a mix of community and school board members, on April 19. There may be little room for change after it reaches the budget committee, which is one of the reasons the district is gathering suggestions from parents at the teaching sessions.
The authority, which anticipates $238.5 million in revenues this year, would have operated at a deficit without a $15 million infusion from the Xanadu entertainment project.
1978: Year commercial production began at Davis-Besse.
Among the bands will be New York City power trio the London Souls, on a bill that also will be loaded with fine homegrown talent including Beebs and Her Money Makers, hip-hop hybrid S.K.I.P., world-music-flavored KG Omulo and beloved Orlando electronic fixture Yip-Yip.
Jim & Mary Alice Leineweber
That's it. Only one probable but relatively unpolished offensive starter (Quick), and no offensive linemen to protect the quarterback. Of their five selections in the first three rounds, three were spent on defense. The Rams took a less urgent approach in attaching an IV to a sickly offense that's averaged an embarrassing 14.4 points over the past five seasons in going 15-65. Wow.
The nonprofit agency, formally called the Cuyahoga County Land Reutilization Corp., will now tap 5 percent of the money collected on delinquent tax bills, as well as fees and interest, with a cap of $7 million.
"I said, 'Use me as much as you can,''' Cribbs said.
The second, less interesting (and fictitious) story line depicts the romance between modern-day math lecturer Ruth (Reeves) and an Indian-American businessman (Firdous Bamjay). Like most of Complicite's work, the piece -- conceived and directed by Simon McBurney and devised by the company -- is technically dazzling and beautifully staged, using lots of elaborate projections.
Granted, it's not easy working for Baltimore City Public Schools. The challenges facing the system are great and the resources to meet them not always adequate. Nor would we require each central office employee to work in miserable and unsafe conditions. That's not the way to attract the best or brightest to labor on behalf of city students.
Sectional qualifiers: T1. Zachary Cutler, Timberland, 75; Jakob Storts, Howell, 75; T3. Ricky Barrett, Howell Central, 77; Jackson Lane, Timberland, 77; Christopher Wootten, Howell, 77; 6. Jacob Spiegel, Holt, 78; T7. Erik Peyton, Holt, 79; Cody Pingleton, Howell North, 79; Kyle Stratman, Troy, 79; 10. Mike Wootten, Howell, 80.
One part of the bill that is unconstitutional, the lawsuit claimed, was a requirement to file any challenges to the law with the Ohio Supreme Court. The suit also cited a handful of other constitutional violations within the bill, including the ability of the state to invest in JobsOhio, a private corporation.
BedandBreakfast.com is offering 10 percent off a $200 gift card purchase (along with Godiva chocolates).
Clairmont Farms: 2480 Roblar Ave., Los Olivos. Daily 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Free. Info, clairmontfarms.com or (805) 688-7505.
Without a U.S. deal, new trade agreements under way between Korea and other countries could negatively affect American export growth, Vilsack said. Korea currently is negotiating a trade agreement with Australia, a major beef exporter.
Oregon regulations require a more narrow review of potential projects, said Richard Whitman, Kitzhaber's natural resources policy director. "It's not something that a local government or even a state government can really address very well," he said.
But sometimes people convert. Take David Boersema, who grew up around dogs and didn't begin to fancy felines until he was a young adult.
That makes it crucial that students and their families understand the factors that affect the risk and return of a college investment in order to swing the math in their favor.
14-year Detroit resident, Warrendale
7. Tampa Bay Buccaneers (4-12)
The guide includes walking tours of Paris. Readers are encouraged to see where the impressionists lived and worked and where they received their inspiration. Among the most entertaining walks is in the Pigalle and Montmartre districts. The Moulin Rouge, where the cancan dance originated, is still there, as is the atmospheric Lapin Agile cabaret, a favorite hangout of Picasso, Modigliani, Apollinaire and Utrillo. (Museyon Guides, $19.95)
But the low point may have come before Luis Yanez's second-round bout when the light-flyweight held one gloved hand over his ear in what the boxer said was an obscene gesture directed at Campbell.
There is still work to do, he noted, looking at the Muni shack diagonally across from the bocce courts. "We are trying to get the city to let us take that from an eyesore to something nice, with a mural on it and a mosaic. We want to give all of this a plaza type of feel. You've got the cafe. The beach. And now the bocce courts."
My longtime friend and native guide Jean Hays and I mapped out a plan that worked for us - and might provide some ideas for others, too.
In 2006, The New York Times wrote that The New Yorker ran the artist's first sketch on February 6, 1932. His cartoons would continue to run on the pages on the magazine from 1938, the first appearance of what would eventually become The Addams Family, until his death.
Ripepi Funeral Home in Parma handled the arrangements.
There were downed wires on Route 22 East in Mountainside, east of Mountain Avenue, which have closed the left lane and caused delays of at least 15 minutes.
The press conference, held the day before the eighth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, kicked off two major initiatives. One is Bloomberg's "Cities of Service" program, which the mayors signed onto during a morning strategy session at Gracie Mansion. The second is the "I Participate" program, sponsored by the Entertainment Industry Foundation, which will unite the four major television networks between Oct. 19 and Oct. 25 in a week of public service announcements and scripted programming designed to promote volunteerism.
"This is a bigger injury than that one. I couldn't come back as quickly this time. If it had been like this in the playoffs, I wouldn't have been able to come back."
Karin Sjodin tied the tournament course record with a 64 to finish a stroke back with Lindsey Wright, So Yeon Ryu and rookie Sydnee Michaels. Ryu shot a 67, Michaels a 68 and Wright a 69.
St. Louis Microfest will return to the upper Muny parking lot in Forest Park on May 4 and 5, giving people a chance to sample beers from more than 75 U.S. and international breweries.
The real problem is that combating high gasoline prices requires a greater supply, and this administration's policies have pushed the other way. It seems the administration does not really want lower gasoline prices. Steven Chu, Obama's non-car-owning Secretary of Energy, famously said we need to get our gasoline prices up to the $8-$10/gallon level they are in Europe.
THE PROTOTYPE
"Robert has done terrific work and I think very highly of him, and am very sorry to see him in this difficult situation," Kane said.
Code 42 CEO Matthew Dornquast said the worst-case scenario speeds are initially displayed, but that these adjust down as time goes on. In my experience, the initial estimates didn't change much.
Friends and neighbors reported they hadn't seen Weathersby since Feb. 2, said Pat Downing, spokesman for the sheriff's office. He's known to be an insulin-dependent diabetic and didn't take his medication with him.
The hope for the Cardinals is that their offense in 2012 has little in common with the 2011 version. That one struggled throughout the season, due in large part to Kolb's performance.
The 53-year-old Lehman had an eagle and five birdies on the first eight holes on the back nine Friday, then bogeyed the par-4 18th for a 7-under 65 and a one-shot lead after the first round of the Champions Tour's Insperity Championship.
Even if the city and Related reach an agreement, the new delay would likely make it challenging for the developer to break ground before the end of Mayor Michael Bloomberg's term in 2013, something the administration has hoped would occur.
Add 10 for every championship (NC, for our purposes).
Until then, the debate within the oncology community continues on Avastin's effectiveness in treating metastatic breast cancer.
And the cameras weren't too intrusive, either. "They didn't want to watch me putting on my hair."
The term "unfounded" now can mean one of two things: There was no evidence the abuse happened, or there was some evidence but not enough to make a finding of abuse or neglect.
Olivia Suarez, Albuquerque, N.M.
The Chapot family of Neshanic Station cut a swath through the FTI Winter Equestrian Festival's Circuit Champion results. Laura Chapot was the leading jumper rider; her mother, Mary, the leading jumper owner and her father, Frank, was the leading jumper trainer.
Patients "think more is better, and 'Maybe I'm not getting something I need,' when, in fact, more is not necessarily better," she said. "There are a number of things that not only aren't necessary and are potentially costly, but also have a risk of harm to the patient."
ST. CHARLES MUNICIPAL BAND ANNUAL HOLIDAY CONCERT will take place at 7 p.m. Dec. 15 at Lindenwood's Cultural Center, 400 N. Kingshighway, St. Charles. The Jazz Band will play at 8 p.m. Santa will make an appearance. For more information, call 636-949-2590 or 314-878-5296.
Suspicious person/circumstances. 500 block Camino de Estrella. A manager said someone mailed a suspicious package to a Citibank branch. The package was opened and contained suspicious objects, the manager said. 1:58 p.m.
Like all industries, the herbal weight-loss business moves in cycles. Less than a decade ago, the stimulant herb ephedra was one of the stars of the scene. It sped up metabolism and weight loss, but it also raised the heart rate and, in some cases, caused strokes and heart attacks.
For us, the increasing activity in the entrepreneurial community makes it imperative that we continue to grow as an organization, attracting more members so we have more dollars to invest to help advance the ideas that are being generated here.
Deborah Hersman, head of the National Transportation Safety Board, said the collision is a grim reminder that midair collisions are still a threat despite safety advances.
Cleveland Engineering Society, Patent Boot Camp: 8-11 a.m. at the Cleveland Skating Club, 2500 Kemper Road, Shaker Heights. $25 for Cleveland Engineering Society and Society of Women Engineers members, $35 for nonmembers. To register, go to tinyurl.com/yjjsnqx
The answer, a resounding yes, is something of a foregone conclusion. It is not any given topic that is literary, but the writer, no matter gender or whether she (or he) has children. And here, Enright proves herself to be one of Ireland's most strikingly accessible literary talents.
A report this week on Iran's suspected nuclear weapons program by the International Atomic Energy Agency leaves little doubt that country's ruling clerics remain determined to acquire the means to produce a bomb. That poses a dilemma for the Obama administration, which so far has tried to deter Iran's nuclear ambitions through diplomatic negotiations and targeted economic sanctions. But if the IAEA report is to be believed, that approach clearly isn't working.
Water needs: Once the plant is established, water deeply every two weeks
B) "Damn Celtics."
The auxiliary's head, Rae Seale previously defended the deal, which drew little opposition at a recent meeting of her group. She did not return repeated recent telephone calls.
"I felt the weight of the world lift off my shoulders," Jerry says of how he felt when he disposed of Mr. Pickle's remains.
Orthopedic specialist Dr. Robert Falconiero from the South Jersey Sports Medicine Center, which has offices in Washington Township and Cherry Hill. agrees that starting slow is the only way to successfully get into the sport and avoid a trip to his office.
"All the books I read before Mr. Dicus' class I consider not read because I didn't really know how to comprehend the material before him," Goodman said. "It made me learn a lot about myself."
Once a batch of meat tests "presumptively positive" for E. coli, the USDA can immediately begin efforts to link products, companies and the pathogen to the source supplier and any other processors that received the contaminated meat.
Darius Rucker: "This"
A couple of his colleagues asked Downham if he was okay.
I've read Mary Schmich's columns for years and admired her clear writing and insights. But none was as beautiful as her story of her sister Gina. I read it three times and it brought tears to my eyes each time.
The Tigers (1-2) then were held scoreless over the next 25:46 before freshman Tom Schreiber cashed in. Senior Tyler Moni cut the deficit to 7-5 with a goal past Chris Madalon 1:19 later, but UNC (5-1) responded with two shots past Tyler Fiorito over the first 2:33 of the fourth period to seal it.
Under the law, judges will have the discretion to send non-violent fourth- and fifth-degree felons to community-based halfway-house facilities instead of prison. It increases the earned credit system so that inmates can more quickly shave days off of their sentences. And it allows some felons who have already served 80 percent of their time to be immediately released.
But the landscape changed fast and margins plummeted to 20 percent. Not only did computers start using other devices for recording audio and video, bigbox retailers like Staples and OfficeMax opened in the mid to late '80s.
Instead of having every bit of soil covered with a green plant, use decomposed granite or mulch.
In 2006, after Tyler's original contract expired and millions of dollars had been spent, juvenile judges finally agreed to move the court to Quincy. In the settlement, they demanded 50 secure parking spaces; a courthouse budget of at least $80 million, with no more than $26 million spent on the shell; and two courtrooms equipped for juries.
The former Pennsylvania senator is spending a few days off the trail for Easter.
One of the perks for the grand-prize winners -- in addition to the $250 each received -- was the chance to record their work in the professional studios of Bardstock partner WCPN FM/90.3. Great Lakes will share the sounds on its website, greatlakestheater.org, with a link to WCPN, which will air the music Monday.
Price: $9.99 (down from $19.99).
The new gym has bout 70 members and is open 24/7, said Abe Moland, its manager.
Authorities quickly ruled out Gilbert as any of the eight victims because of forensic evidence they had on file in her case. Gilbert had been in Oak Beach to meet a client. Police have not named the client as a suspect in her disappearance, and he has cooperated with investigators.
April 20-21: Students from the Department of Design and Merchandising at Colorado State University present the annual design show, "Beyond the Surface," featuring 16 student collections and senior projects, 7:30 p.m. The show also features garments created from parachutes used by U.S. military troops. Hip-hop artist Black Prez and his DJ, T-Bone, will perform. $15, $10 students, $7 ages 12 and under. The show is both nights; a VIP dinner is April 21; tickets are $60. Reservations required. University Center for the Arts, Griffin Concert Hall, 1400 Remington St., Fort Collins, CSUartstickets.com
Oh, and that priest got very wrathful with Taymor, from the blood-curdling sounds of it.
"There's kind of a move for people to go to these smaller cars and still get the bells and whistles," says Rob Troxel, a longtime Honda fan who's looking for a replacement for the loaded 2009 Civic EX his wife drives. "Miles per hour is not as important as miles per gallon," he says.
Nobody, Dildine emphasized, expects these productions to be polished. At Commerce, for example, there were no rehearsals at all. Costumes are simple, at best; props and sets range from the minimal to the nonexistent.
Their stories remind us of what we had to lose by going to war: some of our best and brightest.
1. Combine flours, yeast, salt and sugar in a food processor. Pulse to mix.
Disaffected voters deserted PASOK and New Democracy, the two mainstays of Greek politics, leaving them at their worst level since 1974, when Greece emerged from a seven-year dictatorship. Instead, strong gains were registered by a smaller parties on both the left and right, including the extremist Golden Dawn, which rejects the neo-Nazi label and insists it is nationalist and patriotic.
ILLINOIS PLAYOFFS
The winners square off Sunday for chance to play in the Final Four in Houston.
Macy's Inc. shares fell 4 percent in early premarket trading.
Carpenter pitched around similar threats throughout his six innings. Arizona stung him for three runs in the first inning, two on Adam LaRoche's double. Carpenter retired nine of the next 10, five by strikeout. He struck out cleanup hitter Mark Reynolds and LaRoche to escape a bases-loaded, no-out jam in the fifth, and he pitched out of another bases-loaded mess in the sixth.
Fans have the right to do anything they want at a game, as long as their behavior isn't obscene or dangerous. But when Jeter gets to 3,000, fans everywhere should cheer him as a winner who did not lose his respect for the game, a superstar who did not lose his humility, and a celebrity who did not lose his regard for others.
Q: Can you please tell Spoelstra to rest the starters for the next week or two! -- Freddy, Miami.
"The meeting could not have gone better," he said. "I thanked them for their service, we shook hands and went about our business. God bless the good federal agents wherever they may be."
Emma Stone, Andrew Garfield, Kristen Stewart, Charlize Theron and Mark Wahlberg are among the stars set to appear at the 2012 MTV Movie Awards, airing live from the Gibson Amphitheatre in Universal City, Calif., on June 3.
Stillman was retro before "Mad Men" made it cool.
But can the Magic, including their superstar, actually move on?
Ohio State will play in its 11th Final Four. The Buckeyes are 1-4 in national championship games. Featuring the brilliant starting lineup of Jerry Lucas, John Havlicek, Larry Siegfried, Mel Nowell and Joe Roberts, Ohio State defeated California, 75-55, in the 1960 national title game.
The new motor makes a healthy 155 horsepower to give this car zip, yet it has also been finessed to get the most out of the gasoline that feeds it. By using multi-hole fuel injectors for optimal combustion and a newly shaped piston cavity, the 2.0-liter four-cylinder has helped this car attain the magic "40 mpg" number, in this case for highway. City mpg is rated by the EPA at 28 mpg.
"I'm just going to embrace every experience. Off the field, on the field, the fans," she says. "I would walk into the stadium and I smelled the dew in the air. I could hear the crowd. I would wave to the fans. I got involved in every moment. And that's what I want out of these Olympics.
They were collected through a drop-off program started last month by the county Sheriff's Office and Environmental Services Department. The program allows residents to get rid of medicines free of charge without flushing them down the toilet or throwing them away, where they can pollute water and harm wildlife.
"This is a side of the game that you don't like as a player or a coach. You just want to get the balls out and start playing the games," Spencer said. "(But) you must get the fitness in and put the hard work in so that it serves you well during the season."
DEAR ABBY: On a recent airline flight, a tall man who sat behind me had his left leg out in the aisle during most of the trip. He was wearing shorts, and you could see his large tattoo of a naked woman on his thigh. The drawing was very explicit, and there was no way to avoid seeing it because passengers had to cross over his leg to reach the bathroom.
Erin Cuevas
It's Viktor Malyguina, the tall blond 20-something who along with blond, small wife Anna serves as the husband-and-wife team of attendants for our car.
Arielle was furious. Merkur was clueless. She sent the spreadsheet to her friends. It went viral on the Internet. Now David Merkur may never get laid in this town again.
Cities around the country have approved boycotts, but California could be the first state to do so if it adopts the resolution introduced by Sen. Gil Cedillo, D-Los Angeles.
The show was taped six months ago, so shoppers will be able to buy the winning designs online immediately following each episode. The designs, which will be sold under the "Fashion Star" brand, will be in stores the next day. Saks will carry them in all of its stores, H&M in 100 of its 236 U.S. stores and Macy's in its flagship location in Manhattan.
Those inmates were re-housed within the Central Jail complex, and disciplinary hearings will be conducted, Brotheim said Sunday.
The new plates would not be exact reproductions, however. Current plates have seven digits, for example, while those of decades past had six. Reflectivity and font-type standards also have changed through the decades.
They even had a chance to make it a game when Knox and Hester orchestrated a brilliant play designed by special teams coordinator Dave Toub.
Which brings me to CarGo. The Rockies need version 2.010.
MOT Children's Chorus: Gilbert and Sullivan's "H.M.S. Pinafore," 2:30 p.m. Sat. Detroit Opera House, 1526 Broadway, Detroit. 313-237-7464. $30, $15 ages 15 and younger.
Matters reached a new low recently when a fake e-mail was sent out, purporting to be from the National Institutes of Health, claiming "parents and athletes are expressing concerns regarding the new synthetic fields." Outrageously, the e-mail also said Viking Soccer and San Francisco Microsoccer, which wholeheartedly back the new fields, were having reservations.
Gateway Commerce Center is a sprawling warehouse and light-industrial area in west Edwardsville, north of Interstate 270 and west of Interstate 255.
To score points and have a shot at the top prize of $1,500 you should have some or all of these going on in your front yard:
The latest data on average fares show that Southwest charged $140 each way during the fourth quarter, JetBlue charged $156 and United Continental charged $270. Length of flight accounted for most of the difference -- on a per-mile basis, prices were similar.
That doesn't mean preventive care doesn't make sense or save lives. It just doesn't save money.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration released proposed regulations this month about how the law should be carried out.
May 08, 2012 03:21 PM EDT
With its fine staff, meticulous training and attention to detail from kitchen to dining room, Hawks is doing enough to be considered the best restaurant we've got.
Rajan says that when he started out, he was paid in coconuts, keeping 10% of whatever he picked. Nowadays, it's all cash. While salaries have jumped several-fold in recent years, jobs still go begging, with only a few pickers in a given area compared with a dozen before.
Entomologist Jerry J. Bromenshenk of the University of Montana launched his own search for poisons, relying on the enhanced odor sensitivity of bees -- about 40 times better than that of humans.
For Nate Kaeding, it felt too close to home.
The Bold models will be the first BlackBerrys to include so-called Near-Field Communications chips, so they can be used in place of credit cards by swiping them across properly equipped payment terminals. Many companies, including cellphone carriers like AT&T and Web companies like Google Inc. are promoting the idea of using phones as digital "wallets."
The contemporary, T-shaped floor plan includes a living room, dining room and kitchen at the home's center; each flows from one to the other. There are two wings -- one for the master suite and the other for the laundry room and a bathroom. Upstairs is the guest quarters with a bathroom for family and friends; also another a bathroom and two more bedrooms, one outfitted with a loft for their teenage daughter.
This has also been a reliable source of material for sports books, certainly since the publication of pitcher Jim Bouton's seminal "Ball Four" in 1970. But to make the concept work, it's essential that the principal characters in the anecdotes are willing to spill all, and that is the fatal flaw of Peter Richmond's "Badasses: The Legend of Snake, Foo, Dr. Death and John Madden's Oakland Raiders."
Officials did not outline any specific plans other than a vow to continue to work together and to monitor law enforcement levels in the popular nightlife district to ensure the Loop is peaceful.
The charges carry a maximum penalty of only six years, the Champions said. They said the culture of hazing runs deep at the historically black college in Tallahassee and needs to be eradicated.
In 1958, the American Association of Retired Persons (later simply AARP) was founded in Washington, D.C.
Pettiford's commanding officer said she has worked with him for 15 months and hasn't witnessed any violent behavior.
"In 1999, we had a blizzard. We had auto CEOs and journalists stranded on the tarmac," said Rod Alberts, executive director of the Detroit Auto Dealers Association, which runs the Detroit auto show. The problems made international headlines.
Myron Uhlberg & Colin Bootman
Jan. 12: Philharmonia Baroque Orchestra, Nicholas McGegan, music director; Elizabeth Blumenstock, violin
According to the suit, the arrangement "came to embody some of the same elements of a Ponzi scheme in that (Mepco's) ability to be paid by US Fidelis for cancellations on yesterday's sales was largely dependent on fundings from tomorrow's sales."
Hinduja is the co-director of the Cyberbullying Research Center at Florida Atlantic University's School of Criminology and Criminal Justice. On Thursday, he visited Howard County for two anti-bullying seminars hosted by the school district and its council of PTAs.
4917, Lorinda Limpf, Battle Ground, 3:53:50.
Like his famous brother, OR-9 was born into the Imnaha pack near the northeastern Oregon town of Joseph. He was collared Feb. 26, 2011, in the Grouse Creek area east of Joseph when he was about 1 1/2 years old and weighed 90 pounds then.
After starting the day care program, she decided she'd offer discounted care as well.
Consumers will pay a $4.95 monthly fee for Chase's reloadable card. They can use it the same way they do a debit card to make purchases and withdraw cash from ATMs and Chase branches. The company says it is a low-cost alternative to traditional checking accounts.
I like a bio that is short and to the point: "King Cajun Crawfish of Orlando was founded in 2010 via New Orleans via Vietnam."
3646 Green Park Rd, $109,500
"Words can't describe the emotion," Coventry coach Keith Shinn said. "It had nothing to do with his handicap. It had everything to do with the fact he lives and breathes wrestling.
The second half came from the 2011 album of Ohio State football -- a snapshot of midnight, the glow gone, the future as dark as hearts on Wall Street. Nebraska stormed back from a three-touchdown deficit to win, 34-27.
Arizona's Joe Tyler, who works in metal and also created a public art piece, "The Reading Tree," for the city's Windrose Park, will create the 84th Avenue Streetscape project. There are six ramadas with shade canopies along 84th Avenue. Metal panels will incorporate an artistic element with an agricultural theme to honor Peoria's farming history.
"Everybody knows that to be a successful manager, you have to have good players," said Herzog. "Managers don't win games. The players win them. But managers can lose 20 games a year if they don't use their personnel right.
This time, Our Oregon has to decide what kind of appeal their measures have to voters and whether they can raise the money and support for a successful campaign, Moore said. Our Oregon also is evaluating whether the measures would raise enough revenue to make the effort worthwhile.
"I don't make unconventional stories, I don't make non-linear stories. I like linear storytelling a lot. Chris Nolan is brilliant at non-linear storytelling, between his two great masterworks ("Memento" and "Inception"), really. That was non-linear storytelling. I appreciate non-linear storytelling and I go to a lot of movies that have that, but I don't do it. I haven't done that myself. And so I'm much more traditional in how a story should lay out, although there's no law or rule about telling a story."
For CARING to come in, 25 fellow residents would need to express favor of the project, or a certain number of disabled residents requiring services would be needed, according to a high-rise resident who reported the meeting.
But that isn't the story he tells in his young-adult debut, "Playground: The Mostly True Story of a Former Bully." The fictional account of a 13-year-old's descent into bullydom is loosely based on 50 Cent's personal experience, only softened. Incorporating enough urban grit to be believable but otherwise smoothing off the rough edges of inner-city teendom to appeal to a young and mainstream audience, 50 Cent mines the situational psychology of a child who resorts to intimidation and violence.
For years, Edrena would strap on her older son Lawrence's helmet and shoulder pads and take Chris to the first open patch of grass they could find. They picked the front yard that day, and as Chris sprang to his feet and grabbed the ball, Edrena dug in to make a tackle.
There were Friday nights after basketball games when you couldn't even get in the front door, as the dining room was wall-to-wall kids in contrasting-stitched Levis and Bass Weejuns. It eventually reached the point that a policeman was stationed by the counter and you weren't allowed to come in unless you actually bought something to eat or drink.
OSU added a run in the fourth when Jake Rodriguez drove in his 26th run of the season on a sacrifice fly to right.
A resident of Arizona with wife Kim, daughter Riley, and son Miller, Hodel maintains a strong interest in graphic design and has started his own photography business.
Iaccarino is a throwback to another age, a spectacularly elegant era as measured in restaurant time, a swanky cocktails-over-lunch era, a reposing cigars-after-dinner era, an era in which men wore silk pocket squares in their suits and women warmed themselves on chilly nights with
Water Bureau crews will be working east of the Southwest Capitol Highway viaduct, though there are a few connections that need to be made west of the viaduct.
The eight acres laid out in a March 29th study by Phillips Preiss Crygiel LL lay just south of James L. Braddock North Hudson County Park, bounded in the south by a Bank of America and adjacent parking lot, River Road to the east, and Kennedy Boulevard East to the west.
Even those with the good fortune to find work are discovering most of the jobs aren't half as fulfilling as the projects they tackled before the recession.
"Some type of continuing education is essential in today's workplace," said Bob Timmons, superintendent of Polaris. Almost 2,000 students in six school districts take classes in 29 programs there that include sports medicine, chef training, aeronautics and alternative energy. The center also offers job training and adult education.
Mohamud told an investigator that he walked the woman to a friend's apartment early on the morning of Nov. 1. She was a student from eastern Oregon, he said.
Hill, 24, was acquired by the Lakers on March 15 for Derek Fisher and a first-round pick. He had been slowed by a sprained knee ligament and received almost no playing time until recently.
In 2008, Legal Services received $40 million from the trust accounts, which are affected by interest rates. With interest rates now near zero, Miller said, the funds dropped to $8 million last year. The state slashed financing from nearly $30 million in 2009 to $9.7 million in 2010.
After 10 years and three election defeats of high school proposals in the Bloomfield Hills school district, voters will see a tax measure May 8 that school officials say will be their last effort to put shrinking Andover and Lahser high schools on a single campus.
Marked by Baker Beach to the west, Fort Point to the north, and extending east just shy of the Warming Hut, it's a square where locals indulge in miles of hiking and biking trails, complete with killer views.
"People are already in defense positions and are happy to stay there. Turnover has been light. There is no panic taking place, but people remain very defensive," he said.
LAKEVIEW RD $293,000
The administration has reviewed a report, "Collateral consequences of criminal conviction in Ohio," authored by a group led by Lawrence Travis at the University of Cincinnati's Center for Criminal Justice Research.
Thompson did not know whether drugs or alcohol were involved in the incident.
"Two days ago I received a ticket in Linndale for not having my tail lights on. My car has running lights, and I didn't notice that the rest of the lights were off. It's a new car. While I was pulled over, I apologized and admitted my mistake and turned on my lights. The officer still wrote me an $80 ticket. Linndale should let people go once in a while, so the village can at least pretend that it's not just out there to rob those unfortunate enough to have to pass through."
EBITDA fell 14.9 percent year on year in rouble terms to 165 billion roubles, or $5.63 billion at an average rouble rate of 29.33 per dollar for the first quarter. Analysts had expected $5.25 billion.
Among the 162 objects on display is the golden cast of the final spike that completed the transcontinental railroad in 1869. There is also a drawing for President Abraham Lincoln's patent application for a device that could buoy steamboat vessels stuck in shallow water. Other sections examine technology's impact on natural resources, such as the once-vast buffalo herds.
Miller encouraged the board to go to the turkey barns and "see what it's like"
Hoxton Hotel: 81 Great Eastern St., Hoxton, 011-44-20-7550-1000; hoxtonhotels.com. A W-style budget hotel near Shoreditch. Rates $107 to $308.
The newborn was found with his umbilical cord still attached about 7:45 a.m. Thursday in the 100 block of Westridge Parc Lane. A neighbor spotted a moving blue blanket under a pine tree outside her home and called authorities thinking someone had left a litter of puppies. After an Ellisville officer arrived, he lifted the blanket and found the boy.
They were there, Joey said, "Because we don't have enough money for Colorado schools."
The best time to be outdoors, however, is definitely after a spring shower, which will wash away pollen for a few hours.
Candidates vying for Egypt's presidency in elections this month have made soothing noises as well. Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh, a former leader in the Muslim Brotherhood who is among the more liberal of the front-runners, said last month the government should discourage spurious prosecutions
Since my freshman year in high school. My freshman year was the first year that we got the (lacrosse) program, and I had played field hockey. I just decided to try lacrosse goalie because I thought it would help me with hand-eye coordination, not thinking it would ever lead into anything.
Ingram said she had previously agreed with the Occupy mission on corporate greed but did not respect the outbursts at the memorial.
Correction: This was how Kentucky did things. For the past 13 years, Kentucky had watched everyone from Arizona to Villanova get to the promised land. Frustration mounted, coaches changed, but expectations stayed the same.
"It comes down to maturity. Traveling to these different places, a lot of these guys haven't done it before. Our young guys ... are not used to the travel in this country and the time changes. It's difficult to come in and make an impact right away," Spencer said. "If it's hard for world-class players, it's got to be harder for young guys coming out of college and first-year professional players."
Rest assured that when the Lefebre family gets together, they can spend an hour or two comparing championship jewelry.
Wilson gives the Angels yet another strong arm in a rotation that already boasts Jered Weaver, Dan Haren and (for now) Ervin Santana.
In London, February Brent crude rose $2.15 to $46.71 a barrel on the ICE Futures exchange.
This week may bring an answer to one of the most pressing questions in financial markets: Will Japan's central bank ramp up efforts to bolster the country's moribund economy and tamp down the rising yen?
-- The tireless crew, many of whom were still learning the ropes of the new ship (and, in some cases, the language).
The results in Wisconsin are not surprising -- Santorum had been trailing Romney in recent polls. But because the primary was open, there was the possibility that Democrats would turn out for Santorum in an effort to prolong the bruising GOP nominating campaign.
It's where several antiwar floats graced the Mendocino Fourth of July parade, where opposing the Patriot Act and supporting single-payer health care are badges of honor, and where advocating the legalization of marijuana is a mainstream position - especially when it's the largest cash crop in part of the district.
Golden Gate National Recreation Area proposed dog management plan
(05-03) 03:48 PDT NEW YORK, (AP) --
"I actually had just talked to my mom that morning and said I didn't think I was going to get to church because of work," she said.
That's as close as Golden State would get.
University High in Tolleson takes a more traditional approach. The school doesn't always accept students with the best academic records. The school looks for students with a strong desire to get ahead and a history of engagement in extracurricular activities, a strong indicator that students will finish high school, said Dennis Dowling, the Tolleson district's director of curriculum and instruction.
(DIY) House Crashers -- Kitchen is getting high ceilings, cabinets, countertops and appliances along with a new dining room.
$337.7 million: Kilowatt-hour taxes, up 1,310 percent.
What sorts of things would you like to change?
Wheat did not provide information about the suspect, and did not identify the victim.
Early proposals in Midtown are taking a different shape, though, amid a crisis in commercial real estate lending and a recession that has quashed development. Now the community is trying to gauge how projects including a state mental hospital and affordable housing could shape the district's landscape -- a discussion that has produced tension and some harsh words between developers, public officials and stakeholders with different views.
Other bra collection sites include the Chagrin Valley Athletic Club, 17260 Snyder Road, in Bainbridge; Chagrin Valley Fitness, 12 W. Orange Street, in Chagrin Falls; as well as Chagrin Yoga, 524 E. Washington Street and The Wembley Club, 8345 Woodberry Blvd., both in South Russell.
When he names Notre Dame's next starting quarterback, Brian Kelly won't take a poll. It won't be a conclave with doe-eyed fans turning the football complex auditorium into a message board come alive, fireballing caffeinated arguments at the Irish coach.
Over the years, I didn't learn much more about Tommy and Jack. But I do remember my mother saying how good-looking they were. Engaged to my dad, Bob, then married into the family, my mom knew Tommy and Jack for several years. She loved them both and said they were characters, jokesters; always teasing.
Longtime T. Rowe Price money manager Robert Gensler is retiring at the end of the year after 19 years with the Baltimore company.
Grasty said he's not worried about losing tourism because of the wind turbines. County tourism has grown only 5 percent in 20 years, he said, and the wind farms will be contained.
"I think they're going to go in a different direction, so I'm not going to be holding my breath thinking they're going to call or hanging around by the phone," Brunette said.
10:55: Halle Berry introduces a tribute to Lena Horne.
In many of the 48 states in between, infrastructure projects are languishing on the drawing board, awaiting the right mix of creative financing, political arm-twisting and timing to move forward. And a struggling economy and a surge of political candidates opposed to big spending could make it a long wait.
Derek Jeter's march to 3,000 hits was dragging on through his frigid start to the 2011 season, and then a trip to the disabled list. And even though Jeter was on his way toward becoming the fourth youngest player to join the 3,000 Hit Club, it was starting to look a bit too much like so many milestone moments for aging athletes. As much agony as ecstasy.
Ames declined to comment and Kemp, the district spokeswoman, denied that the principal refused to call an ambulance.
In the inspection area, new safety equipment would allow "droids" to peer inside luggage and conduct thermal scans of passengers. In a reprisal of a role from 1987, Fitzgerald once again voiced one of the luggage droids for the new attraction.
Christie said he expects to be be "very active" in supporting Romney, and he quickly hit the phones and the airwaves yesterday. He participated in a conference call with reporters, a teleconference with voters in 20 states and a televised interview with NBC. Then he accompanied Romney to the debate.
Daniel Woram, an Oregon City pro-tem judge and a defense attorney, has a permanent restraining order requiring Birhanzl to stay away from him. Woram had sentenced Birhanzl to four months in jail for his behavior during court proceedings.
But the seven Supreme Court justices found no confusion.
Self-promoters seized them as a way to cash in - a fine conservative tradition, Frank writes - and the right-wing foundations funneled money to them. What could have been, and should have been, populist outrage against the people whose greed brought the house down was subtly turned into protests against "elitists" (i.e., Democrats) who were attacking "free markets" (i.e., cracking down on banks and health care costs).
The Record newspaper reports the cremains were claimed from Lakeview Memorial Home in Clifton, Codey Funeral Home in Orange, Day Funeral Home in Keyport, and the Aug F. Schmidt Funeral Home in Elizabeth. All but two of the men served in World War II.
Retailers say the new bells and whistles are boosting foot traffic in the grill aisles. "The customer who goes out grill shopping now will see things never offered before," says Daryl Tilley, head of seasonal living merchandising at Lowe's home improvement.
She is the second young Fullerton mother in the past two weeks to be charged with killing her newborn baby.
-- Rabbits get nervous if you pick them up but let their feet dangle, and that can be a problem for kids who like to carry around small pets. When a rabbit is being held in such a way that it feels nervous, it will kick, and that can upset some kids. Mother rabbits don't pick up and carry their young, Morrone said, so nothing prepares them to be carted around.
9 ROUEN CT $183,500
"The fact is that without that (tax increase) the hit will be draconian," Lilly said. "Without it we'll be decimated."
Chile's main seaport, in Valparaiso, was closed while damage was assessed. Two oil refineries shut down. The state-run Codelco, the world's largest copper producer, halted work at two of its mines, but said it expected them to resume operations quickly.
MasterCard SpendingPulse said Tuesday that average gasoline demand fell 6.1 percent last week in the U.S. Its analysis of credit card purchases shows that American drivers have purchased less gasoline every week for more than a year.
Collins took up the story from there.
I do not, in any fashion, consider myself a daredevil.
back, thanks largely to Hoover and the four freshmen. Washington U. dominated the offensive boards with nine rebounds and forced Rochester into seven turnovers in an eight-minute span, chipping away until tying the score 62-62 with 5:35 left. Gilkey gave the Bears their first lead of the half with 5:06 remaining, 63-62, and the score see-sawed until the final minute.
Get it hot and smothered. Use the tabletop Parmesan and chile flakes liberally. And have enough water there to extinguish the delightful pain that is to come.
Allen Craig tripled to deep center off glove of Shane Victorino to open the inning off Cliff Lee.
"We needed to have a document," French said. "We needed to lay it out. We needed to perform an evaluation based on benchmarks stating clearly what they needed to do so there would be no confusion about where they are and what they need to do."
"We have positive momentum locally, which is good, because the habitat is critical," Chris Pincetich, of the Sea Turtle Restoration, said. "Out in the Gulf of Mexico the fishing trolls are still killing hundreds of turtles a year."
Moroun has launched an aggressive advertising campaign claiming that a publicly financed bridge would be an assault on capitalism, and on his private interests. His ads have even suggested there's something socialist or un-American about the idea of a new, government-built bridge.
It was coincidence that both tried out for this season of "Live at Gotham" and both were chosen for the same episode in which six comics perform at the Gotham comedy club in New York City.
On Sunday, the Post-Dispatch reported that at least 45 children died in Missouri child care settings from 2007 through 2010 for reasons other than natural causes.
Jerseyville (57) and Springfield Southeast rounded out the top five. Jerseyville's Sam Welbourne won the 800 (1:58.0).
"Junior played as long as you pretty much can possibly play, and he's 41 when he's done," said Lynch, who grew up in North County and became close with Seau as both were going to multiple Pro Bowls and working out in San Diego during the offseason. "It's all right to retire at 60 or 70. But you do it at 40, and you realize you have a lot of life left to live."
A: I would suggest creating a comprehensive plan for your backyard. You need to decide what your priorities are.
"These new data show that even buyers who took the less risky route of buying a home with a conventional mortgage are not immune from the impacts of the foreclosure crisis," Woodstock Institute Vice President Spencer Cowan said in a statement.
Oregon hired four more people to review insurance company filings and awarded a $100,000 grant to a consumer advocacy group to independently review and comment on rate increases.
**1/2 out of four
ALBANY is beyond hope -- and every one knows it.
Dr. Emmet Cole (Bruce Greenwood), a scientist and explorer who for 22 years starred in a TV series called "The Undiscovered Country," disappeared, deep in the Amazon. After six months, even his family gave up on him, but now his location beacon has gone off.
His attorney, Alicia Hercher, declined to comment on the case, but said "We entered a not guilty plea for a reason. I believe in Mr. Banks."
Super Warehouse
A firefighter battling the blaze sustained a minor injury and was taken to Advocate Trinity Hospital, according to Fire Media Affairs. The firefighter suffered cuts to his hands.
If Dad recovered, what awaited us? Unwittingly, with the best of intentions, we were violating his desire for "a natural death." Was this escalating price -- emotional, physical and financial -- worth it?
What employees say about St. Mary's
"It was a very close one. I thought we were going to pull it out and go into overtime, but we didn't," she said of Friday night's loss.
A semitruck was blown over along Interstate 8 near milepost 169, 6 miles southwest of Casa Grande, Ellis said. Twenty power poles went down, and a tree fell on a police station near Sacaton in Pinal County.
Security officials said the clashes broke out at dawn when assailants set upon several hundred protesters who had camped out in the area since early Saturday. Hospital officials said nine of the 11 killed died of gunshot wounds to the head. The other two were stabbed to death.
In 2008, I bought a well-established company in the wastewater treatment field.
Yes, there is ageism in the workforce today. It's everywhere. Older workers cost more in medical benefits, I'm told. Older workers are not as adaptable to new technologies. Older workers should get out of the way for the younger generation.
However, after the vote, Deputy Executive Director Tom Borden, who has served on the council since its inception, announced his immediate resignation, calling it a matter of "conscience."
The companies -- yes -- are paying to find out what the kids think. Disney Mobile came to App Lab in March. In April, it was a mobile music and gaming company called Smule.
I'm not wild about many egg dishes traditionally associated with brunch or breakfast-bacon, eggs, fried potatoes and toast hold no appeal, nor does the more elevated eggs Benedict. My goal was to find those places that appease the breakfast addict and please those like me who generally skip breakfast and head right to lunch.
Alex Avila still owns the glove Pudge Rodriguez sent him when the former Tigers catcher got word that Avila had switched from third base to catcher while still at the University of Alabama. Avila's dad, Al -- the Tigers' vice president and assistant general manager -- casually had mentioned to Rodriguez that his son was making the switch.
The bright girl who had a knack for drawing began to like school less. She would cry frequently, wondering why the classmates who attacked her were allowed to remain in school.
Marbled godwits and long-billed curlews joined them on the beach, while black surf scoters bobbed in rafts just beyond the waves. I freed my feet from tennis-shoe confinement and stopped looking at my watch to see if we were on time. Time didn't matter anymore.
During another Portland possession, Dike outran a Carolina defender and scooted past Reed, who rushed out nearly 15 yards in front of the goal. Dike ran left and tried a left-footed shot from a tough angle from the near-post side that was blocked. Midfielder Alex Nimo, using some nifty footwork and ball control, weaved his way inside the box during the 47th minute. Nimo flicked a left-footed pass to a wide open Ryan Pore on the opposite side of the box. Pore's blast from 18 yards out sailed wide of the near post.
The Lower North Fork fire burned 4,100 acres and 27 homes after the Colorado Forest Service's prescribed burn reignited and spread in high winds.
However, the state has shown improvement in some areas.
GM has bet big on the small car, putting Lordstown on three operating shifts even before the Cruze went on sale in September. The company only had one or two crews working on the Cobalt last year. The Cruze replaced the Cobalt. That extra shift means GM has the capacity to make more than 20,000 cars each month. So to justify those production numbers, Cruze sales still need to more than double in the near future.
A Colorado Senate committee Tuesday torpedoed one of Gov. John Hickenlooper's appointments to the board of Pinnacol Assurance, questioning her objectivity in overseeing the state-chartered worker's compensation insurance fund.
Manager Mike Matheny said Berkman was available but indicated that Berkman was not likely to see any action today, even if that meant pinch hitting.
Q: If you took over this portfolio right now, what's the first thing you'd do or change?
But the decision Monday to close the hospital within 90 days still drew vocal disappointment and pushback from local and regional leaders, who say the health and welfare of area residents is at risk.
TEEN GAME TIME: The Kirkwood Public Library, 140 E. Jefferson Ave., sponsors Teen Game Time with snacks and games from 2:30 to 4:45 p.m. Sept. 23.
Lawyers for Mohammed did not respond to messages seeking comment.
The case is Bruesewitz v. Wyeth, 09-152.
The Arizona Cancer Center is funded with a core grant from the National Cancer Institute and receives other government-supported grants. The cancer center has an annual budget of about $4 million and a staff of nearly 50 who craft budgets, conduct scientific review and provide clinical, nursing and pharmaceutical services.
Rocco DiSpirito is author of the "Now Eat This!" and "Now Eat This! Diet" cookbooks.
which is still listed on the company's website as the address for its Midwest operations. It is unclear where those employees are now.
catcher Koyie Hill recently signed a minor-league contract with the Cardinals and was invited to spring training. Hill, 32, has spent pieces of eight major-league seasons with the Los Angeles Dodgers, Arizona Diamondbacks and the Cubs. Hill appeared in 46 games for the Cubs last season, hitting .194 with two home runs and nine RBIs. The club might release its entire list of non-roster invitees in conjunction with this weekend's Winter Warm-up. Players already have been notified. They include top prospects Shelby Miller, Tyrell Jenkins, Kolten Wong, Matt Adams, Jordan Swaggerty and Zack Cox. (Joe Strauss)
"I don't want any of my guys kicked out," Brown said. "If somebody gets kicked out in a big game, yeah, you're disappointed. You want him to be on the floor. I'd be wrong to say that's OK for Metta to get kicked out."
"You mess with a small-business owner long enough, they're going to give up," Hill said.
So what explains this fury at Israel - and only at Israel?
And that something has landed the Orlando-based Wycliffe Bible Translators in trouble with critics who contend some of their versions of the Bible omit the basic theology of Christianity when substituting other words for "Father" and "Son."
Illinois coach Jim Heffernan was pleased that four Illini wrestlers earned All-American status, less so with the outcomes of Saturday's matches. Only Jesse Delgado won, with a 3-1 decision in the seventh-place match at 125 over Steve Bonanno of Hofstra. B.J. Futrell finished sixth at 133 after being pinned by Devin Carter of Virginia Tech; Conrad Polz finished eighth at 165 after a 5-2 loss to Ben Jordan of Wisconsin; Jordan Blanton finished fourth at 174, losing 4-1 to Chris Perry of Oklahoma State.
"Patients have a right to do what they want with their health and medicines they want to take, but ultimately we want all patients to benefit from drugs, and drug development needs to go through a rigorous process," says Steven Perrin, president and chief executive officer of ALS Therapy Development Institute in Cambridge, Mass. The group tests and helps develop drugs and hosts an online chat group where many patients swap information.
Three years and two children later, Dobbins-Baxter is still commuting, working long hours while she's in St. Louis and splitting time between home and job when she's in Chicago.
Weber Grill Restaurant, 10 N. Illinois St.; (317) 636-7600, http://www.webergrillrestaurant.com. As per the famous kettle, everything (except ribs) is cooked over charcoal, making for some outrageously good, thick burgers. Good chili too. From about $10.
The $175,000-a-year executive position was created in November under a county charter that voters -- frustrated by an unfurling federal investigation of corruption in county government -- overwhelmingly approved.
Ibeagha is one of two players currently in college to be selected for the camp. He just completed his sophomore season at Duke. He was named to the All-ACC second team this past season after earning All-ACC freshman honors in 2010.
In a survey earlier this month of 149 IFA members, more than one quarter of franchisees said they expect a "moderate improvement in access to credit" over the next 12 months, compared with just 6.3% who said this in a November 2010 survey.
Classic mac and cheese
Olsen and Hayes say experiencing the playoffs - even from the sideline - has been an education.
When Cassius Clay angered white America by joining the Black Muslims and become Muhammad Ali, Dundee never wavered. When Ali defied the draft at the height of the Vietnam war, losing 3 1/2 years from the prime of his career, Mr. Dundee was there waiting for the heavyweight's return. And when Ali would make bold projections, spewing poetry that made headlines across the world and gave him the nickname "The Louisville Lip," Dundee never asked him to keep quiet.
The appeals court told a lower court to grant all or part of an injunction against the rules as the case proceeds.
Offensive lineman Nick Cody said practices this spring do contain subtle changes.
The Nasdaq composite lost 5.42 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,598.62.
Spirit reduced its lowest fares by an average of about $40 ahead of the new carry-on fees. The average one-way base fare for August is $63, Pinson said. She said passengers have been paying the carry-on fee in advance but she did not have specific numbers.
Grove's chief of staff is Cathy Abernathy, Mark's wife. Cathy Abernathy was Thomas' chief of staff during much of his congressional tenure, and became a lobbyist in 2001 when Thomas became chair of the House Ways and Means Committee.
But don't vendors - and department stores - object to Gordmans selling products at those prices?
What you should know: In their fourth season under coach Tom Crean, the Hoosiers racked up 25 wins for the first time since the controversial 2007-08 season when the NCAA put the program on a three-year probation for violations tied to former coach Kelvin Sampson.
Fat Casual is at 223 E. Highland Road, Macedonia. Call (330) 748-4690. Hours are 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, closed Sunday and Monday.
Money for fire and safety grants would remain at current levels, according to the Ohio Democrat.
: Graduated from Amherst College in 1983 and from Harvard Law School in 1986
Wouldn't it be nice if Crowell was right? Wouldn't it be cool if there was an easy fix to our problems, a real game-changer? Just step on the unions and get better?
Gov. John Kasich's proposed budget would slice local government funds by 25 percent this year and 50 percent next year. That will put nearly 30 percent of the state's 5,600 government entities at risk of falling into fiscal watch or fiscal emergency, Yost said.
"I remember touching my mother's hand and promising I would make her proud of me," said Yazmiene Meyers, 14.
Twitter's role in 2012 presidential campaign extends beyond 140 characters
Council approved the trans fat legislation by a vote of 17-1, with Phyllis Cleveland voting no. The smoking legislation was adopted 16-2, with Cleveland and Tony Brancatelli casting the no votes.
Huff, who competed for the fifth spot in the rotation in spring training, strained his right hamstring muscle late in camp. He opened the year on the disabled list, but made a rehab start Friday for Class AA Akron where he threw four scoreless innings and was deemed healthy.
Instead of realizing that the game had completely changed, Obama continued to approach Congress as if he were still a member of their club.
SUNDAY: Ellis Paul, Gandalf Murphy and the Slambovian Circus of Dreams, Gregg Cagno, Karl Dietel, Mike Montrey, Quincy Mumford, Matt Beilis, Chris English, Kenny Collins
Working Waterfront Group
If so, that would be an outrageous assault on Baltimore and its most vulnerable citizens. Forcing higher fares on bus riders in particular at a time when city unemployment rates remain unacceptably high (10.3 percent as of February) could cause considerable financial hardship.
The online communications service said Monday that it plans to buy GroupMe, which provides group text messaging.
In 1987, neighboring Paradise Valley became the first municipal police department in the state to use photo-radar enforcement. The program remains in place and the town claims traffic collisions have been reduced about 45 percent since its inception.
Ashley Osier of Sierra College is the California Community College State co-Softball Player of the Year.
But the deliciously cutting columnist has a soft side for, of all things, Baltimore.
Henry Ford West Bloomfield Hospital was built into nature and emphasizes preventive programs, including educating patients in healthy diets.
Language: A spot of profanity.
During his tenure, the company won a contract to build the F/A-18 Hornet, which has been a fixture on U.S. Navy aircraft carriers since 1983 and is still in demand worldwide. Assembly lines for the plane's fuselage sections still hum in El Segundo. The company was also prime contractor for the nation's first orbiting laboratory, Skylab.
Within a few months we became roommates and close friends. Her family took me in and treated me with much love. My parents lived thousands of miles away and her family became like mine. She was more outgoing than I, and a very positive influence on me. We graduated from school and were able to continue our friendship through marriages, my divorce, her children's births and caring for our parents. I remarried and our friendship was still strong even though we had not lived in the same cities for years and we went long periods of time without seeing each other.
Warren is an especially inviting target for Republicans because many voters don't know much about her, which Anthony Corrado, a campaign finance expert at Colby College in Maine, said explains why these groups have become active at such an early stage of the campaign.
-- Joel Przybilla played in his first game back as a Trail Blazer since being traded to the Charlotte Bobcats last season. ... He finished with four points and six rebounds in 19 minutes.
It's been more than six weeks since a ticket sold in Elkton, Md won a $128.8 million jackpot. A Pennsylvania couple purchased that winning ticket but refused to have their identity disclosed.
The victory came five years and a day since Oregon's last win at Arizona State, and it lifted the Ducks to a 12-5 record, 3-2 mark in the Pac-12, with a matinee at Arizona coming Saturday.
Police have written up five other texters through 11 weeks of the law, court officials said. Four of those motorists saw the texting charge dropped; one case remains unresolved.
Kerry Howley is a senior editor at Reason magazine.
population. The opposite happened between 1990 and 2000 when the growth of the older population was slightly slower than overall growth, at 12 percent, compared to 13.2 percent.
It soon became clear that actual genes, which serve as the blueprint for proteins, enzymes and other cellular components, accounted for only a few percent of the genome. Britten's work "provided the most accurate images of what DNA is like until sequencing came along decades later," Davidson said.
Origins: Founded as Tecon Pacific in 1963, the company started with 15 employees. In 1966, James Clark joined the small firm as general manager. New methods of casting concrete and modern construction techniques fostered expansion, and the firm became Clark Pacific in 1995. Today, the privately owned, unionized business is operated under equal partnership by Clark's sons, Donald and Robert.
Unlike last year, the top-seeded Spurs are off to a good start in the playoffs. In 2011, they lost their opener at home to the Grizzlies and were ousted in six games despite having the No. 1 seed.
"We look at the standings, but what's more important right now than the seeds or anything else is us just playing well and getting better," F Ryan Anderson said.
303 SAN MARCO WAY $170,000
Heredia's approach is fully backed by Phelps President Bill Phelps and director of winemaking Damian Parker - in part because of her chemistry background.
"These were photos that are mine, that I sent to an individual, that was meant only for their observation," Babeu said. "Not to be splashed on the Internet or on TV or anything like that. There still needs to be some bounds for privacy."
Team president Ernie Grunfeld, who's contract was set to expire at the end of the season, was granted an extension on April 23 that is expected to take him through the 2013-14 season, although the team would not release the contract terms.
On the set, executive producer Bob Engelman spoke glowingly about his Tampa Bay filming experience, so far.
The people who run major movie studios believe that young men drive the box office, so a majority of films are targeted to that demographic. The next most important group are girls and young women, so the films that are not effects-laden have a romantic bent, whether comedy or drama.
Portland's cloudy winters lead many to think it's not a good place for solar panels, Rubado says. But in the course of a year, the city gets sunshine on par with the national average. The darkest place in Oregon, Astoria, gets more sun each year than the sunniest place in Germany, the world leader for solar installation.
Current jobs: 230
"I'm with them," I explain.
The fact that Khaimov was slain has been hard enough for his neighborhood to accept. But the awful coda of his life has added to the soul-searching. Neighbors, it turns out, heard him dying -- crying for help after being stabbed in the stomach -- for more than an hour before anyone called the police.
"The Taliban are the children of the people; they have emerged from among the people," he said. "The Taliban have always tried to be close to their people and to get their support."
Nashville at Phoenix, 10 p.m.
The NJEA spent $3.7 million from 2000 to 2010, or 36 percent of the total $10.2 million spent on school campaigns through this year. The association had spent an estimated $1.1 million, or 25.6 percent of the total, in local school elections during the 1990s, the report said.
Council Member Ruben Abrica told The Daily News there's been talk in town that De La Vega won't be back next year, though it isn't known whether she intends to leave or may be forced out.
Obama also spoke about his decision this week to endorse gay marriage:
As visitors move through the plaza, they will see the letters in various orders, spelling out different words as the new stadium comes into view through relics of the old. That sounds cool to me.
He tried to reach reporters from the BBC, CNN, and USA Today. Meredith contacted the Panamanian Embassy in Washington.
PIVOTAL POINTS
This is somewhat like those who just expelled a young boy from school for hugging a classmate. I suppose the hugging police will soon be telling me not to hug my sister while the fairy security guards issue orders to stop a fairy from making children happy.
The Garden State Journalists Association will sponsor the fourteenth annual Maureen Roscelli Memorial Scholarship for college juniors majoring in journalism, media, or communications. To qualify for the scholarship a student must reside in New Jersey, plan a career in communications, and be a college junior in good academic standing. An applicant must submit a letter of 300-500 words describing background and career goals, and list home address and telephone number, extracurricular activities, and the name and address of the high school from which the applicant graduated. Letters must be typed and double-spaced. The deadline for application is Wednesday, April 4. The scholarship will be presented at the Annual Awards Dinner of the Garden State Journalists Association on Thursday, May 24 at the Chart House Restaurant in Weehawken. Forward applications to Ellen Wayman-Gordon Executive Director, GSJA Memorial Journalism Award Foundation, 1287 Inwood Terrace, Fort Lee, New Jersey 07024.
The confusion about who has run the currency investment program was underscored in the lawsuit filed by the Ohio investors. The defendants named in the suit are Cook, a former colleague named Gerald Durand who has a radio talk show called "Wealth Survival," and a dozen business entities with the names Oxford, Universal Brokerage, or UBS Diversified in their titles. Several of Kiley's business entities are among the defendants. None of those companies is affiliated with UBS AG, the Swiss banking giant.
Given his small build (6 feet, 180 pounds) and run-pass ability -- Rivals.com rates him ninth nationally among two-way quarterbacks -- Alviti will draw comparisons to Dan Persa. But Persa, unlike Alviti, did not get offers from the likes of Michigan State, Notre Dame, Nebraska and Illinois.
The Big East is working on adding Temple in time for the coming football season, with negotiations close to being completed for the Owls to return to the league they were kicked out of in 2004, according to a published report.
1100 block of Bryan - 7/8 - Petty theft
"I think getting on the field and proving myself that way gave me a good opportunity," Corp said. "Definitely as far as getting to the NFL, and I think the transfer was a better option for me."
Sophomore high jumper Gabby Williams of Reed in Sparks, Nev., and junior triple jumper Sasha Wallace of Holy Names in Oakland lead the nation in their respective events.
Tom McCready, La Habra, on the 154-yard No. 7, using an 8-iron
The Biden and Duncan comments sent the White House into damage-control mode as gay rights advocates pressed for Obama to publicly support same-sex unions before November. Aides also tried to use the focus on the issue to criticize Romney's equivocations on gay rights over the years.
February 2010: After a state-commissioned erasure analysis flagged 58 Atlanta schools, the state ordered the district to investigate.
The A's took a brief 1-0 lead in the second inning when Gomes doubled and then scored on a double by Suzuki. Cliff Pennington added a solo homer off reliever Brandon Gomes in the ninth.
Vice Mayor Joe Derella attended the crime watch meeting to address the group.
"I've ridden a lot of makes and models," said Bradford. "I kind of know what I want, and off-the-shelf bikes don't suit my needs. I'm pretty particular, so with Rock Lobster the fit is ideal."
The Los Angeles Dodgers completed their $2 billion sale to a group including Guggenheim Partners and ex-basketball player Magic Johnson, allowing the team to exit bankruptcy.
One area of concern is estate planning, but Swearingen-Hilker said a driving point in the discussion right now has been the fallout from an incident in October, when the owner of an exotic animal farm opened the cages, allowing the animals to escape, before killing himself.
The booths have been reupholstered several times, but always in the same red vinyl. The wallpaper in the dining room also has been replaced, but with the same red-flocked pattern selected by Durant to emulate an upscale Midwestern steakhouse.
In putting on last year's inaugural racing festival, the previous race organizer, Baltimore Racing Development, accumulated at least $12 million in debt, according to company documents, including more than $1.5 million in city taxes and fees. Several private vendors as well as city and state agencies are among the creditors who have not been paid. The city canceled its contract with Baltimore Racing Development in December. Downforce Racing was announced as the new race organizer last week.
When Gary returned home, he emailed the people he'd met, including Kejia. She wrote back, and they began an email conversation that started with tai chi and broadened into a variety of interesting personal topics. Kejia was divorced with no children. Gary was getting divorced and had a young son he'd adopted from China. During the eight months Gary and Kejia corresponded, they became good friends and began falling in love.
Yes, let's talk about your shoes!
Here are a few ways Mandel -- and other elected officials -- can provide far more insight into how our government operates.
"This reminds me of my military days - hurry up and wait," he told them.
Delores and Robert Nelson, Carolyn and Wayne Hauck
Best ensemble went to "It's Complicated," a romantic comedy starring Meryl Streep, Alec Baldwin, Steve Martin and John Krasinski.
A city board has been asked what discipline a Granite City firefighter charged with a misdemeanor public indecency violation should face, said Granite City Fire Chief Tim Connolly.
And did I mention it's free, which is about what I might expect to pay for an Everclear show nowadays? (Oops! How'd that slip out?)
"I'm falling in love with this city," Brindisi said. "I might stay a little longer after the show closes."
Paige Curtis, Community
Speaking from the Vatican, the pontiff bestowed a historic blessing upon the 12 astronauts circling Earth during the first-ever papal call to space, wishing a swift recovery for the shuttle commander's wounded congresswoman wife and condolences for a station astronaut mourning his mother's death.
Manufacturing companies have strongly boosted their efficiency in recent years, automating many plants and processes. That's allowed them to produce more with fewer workers.
Getting there: It's about an hour's drive south of St. Petersburg.
Trauma centers are verified by the American College of Surgeons Committee on Trauma once hospitals have defined the level at which they want to operate. There are no requirements for the number of Level I and Level II trauma centers in a city or region.
WASHINGTON -- The Ohio Democratic Party says that state Treasurer Josh Mandel, a Republican, is spending too much time tending to political duties, short-changing the citizens.
And the thing to note is that technology company valuations are at historic lows.
In a similar case in Ohio, a federal judge last month gave the go-ahead for a trial in a lawsuit against the Archdiocese of Cincinnati by a parochial school teacher who was fired after she became pregnant through artificial insemination, which the church also opposes. The archdiocese fired Christa Dias in 2010, saying the single woman violated church doctrine.
"The American presidential election is dividing foreign investors and those based in the U.S., where Romney is favored across the board," Bloomberg reported. "U.S. investors choose the Republican candidate as best for the global economy by more than 2-to-1. Respondents outside the U.S. prefer Democrat Obama by almost 3-to-1 in the poll, conducted May 8."
A: By the end of it, I was running an 8:55 mile on the treadmill. That's pretty good for someone as big as me.
The closing now is expected to occur Tuesday morning, according to three people familiar with the sale process. The sale does not appear to be in jeopardy, the people said.
"He's about 10-15 days away, we think, but he's doing well," Soloff said.
But stadium negotiators will attempt to walk a fine line regarding the city charter's $10 million cap on sports facility spending.
Photo: Hermantown defenseman Jared Kolquist skated with the puck through the neutral zone in a 4-0 Section 5A championship game victory over Rogers on Friday night in Duluth. Howie Hanson / For StarTribune.com
"Those who are just passing through do not qualify," Rep. Brian Bilbray, R-Calif., declared on Fox News earlier this year. "The right of birthright citizenship is earned by your parents' obligation to serve the country."
The decision to consider forming an advisory group to review the salaries of public officials in other counties comes as Public Works Commissioner Anthony Marrocco seeks an increase in his compensation. He has asked commissioners for an extra $24,000 per year, citing additional duties brought on by various drain projects and noting that his salary trails those of the drain commissioners in both Wayne and Genesee counties.
The couple had a 10-year plan. They wanted to own and operate the bed and breakfast for at least that long, and then move on.
who specializes in the breaststroke and freestyle, is part of the Miners' 200-yard medley relay that was victorious in its most recent outing, posting a time of 1:37.42 in a 114-71 victory over Truman State. Missouri S&T, 3-1 in duals, swims next at Drury on Feb. 3.
"Not too bad," he said. "Pretty much normal for early May."
The county is building what's called the "middle mile" of Internet connectivity, using PGE power poles and public rights of way. It will be left to private service providers to install the "last mile" linking the larger system to homes and businesses.
Rush jack linebacker Kelvin Morris doesn't have a medical degree, but he gave coach Bob McMillen some much-needed psychiatric
The Galleon Group hedge fund wasn't alone in piling into Goldman Sachs Group Inc. stock hours before the bank announced a $5 billion investment from Warren Buffett's firm at the height of the financial crisis, trading records show.
"I am not yielding one grain of sand. I want to have the same big, strong majority that we have," said Pelosi, D-Calif.
"But it's come at a great cost - it's taken an arm and a leg from shareholders," he said.
The odds of a flop are slim, however. Fans of the books by Suzanne Collins, which have been translated into 26 languages and have sold nearly 24 million copies in the U.S. alone, have already snapped up enough tickets to sell out more than 1,000 shows. Pre-release surveys indicate "The Hunger Games" will open to more than $100 million domestically, making it the biggest debut of the year and the first to ever reach such box-office heights while hiding so much of its content.
First, the state and local governments over-depended on a rising stock market and either reduced or did not make annual employer pension contributions over many years. Employees got a pass on making contributions, too.
The group had no ties to foreign terror organizations and the plot was not connected to the anniversary of the death of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, who was killed in a raid by U.S. forces a year ago, said a U.S. Justice Department official who declined to be further identified.
Weight: 195
Black: 2.8
President's Day weekend seemed to be a turning point for gasoline prices, which look to be increasing faster than a speeding bullet. If the trend continues, analysts say, we may see $5 a gallon and beyond. That will put into play some of the measures that made the gas price run-up of 2008 (in June, gas reached $4.62 a gallon) so painful: taxi cab and shuttle service fuel surcharges, hotel energy surcharges and ever higher air fares. Ouch.
Brown was asked whether he's confident R.J. Vanecko, the mayor's nephew, got no favored treatment in the case.
The Post-Dispatch reviewed a random sample from the 298 nonprofit creation filings in March and found wide variance in the purpose of the fledgling organizations.
Although potentially vulnerable to climate change in some parts of its range, pikas will have enough high-elevation habitat to survive, the agency said.
Even when Brown led the Metrolink board, he said, he found it hard to get colleagues to directly experience the service they provided.
343 Ohio St., $38,000
While former "American Idol" champion David Cook sang the national anthem, half the flag bearers backpedalled toward the infield while the holders held their outfield ground.
Weeks after the wreck, I wasn't able to shake my concern for this man, even though he was far over the 0.08 percent limit, which made his choice to drive a bit "rude," at the least. Still, while we had a bad day, this guy had a really bad day.
Every translation conveys the author's point of view of what the text says. King James set the guidelines and approved the translation. When the King of England is in charge of the translation, the goal is to serve the state. One way to see this is to search for the world "tyrant." It appears in many Bible translations but not in the King James version.
The plant now employs 475 people, a figure that would go up significantly by 2014 if the company decides to follow through on the investment, said company spokeswoman Lorrie Paul Crum.
So, as of earlier this year, Rodriguez is back working for the city's Department of Water Management.
It was only for a little while anyway. It's twilight for heroes now.
Like many apartment owners in the oil patch, Hoffelt no longer answers the telephone.
For two periods, it did not matter. The Flyers clung to a 1-0 lead, clung perhaps to the belief that it would be enough, or that one of those pucks banging around endlessly in their zone would hop into an undeserved breakaway.
The victim this time was the daughter of a homeless Vietnam veteran who dies and has his body thrown overboard in the course of a supposed psychological experiment. The experiment is the work of a select, secretive college fraternity which serves as a sort of training ground for future CIA agents (if the words "Skull and Bones" are occurring to you right about now, well, that's not accidental, I'm guessing).
Government officials say they wanted to create a streamlined process that would quickly get aid to borrowers. Borrowers who think they have been wronged can still file a claim with bank regulators or pursue other options.
Sometimes you can encourage it to crawl out by trying to smother it with Vaseline, but usually we just live with the infestation until the insect matures and is ready to leave on its own or can be squeezed out.I had one on my back where I could not reach it, and had to have my assistant cut it out with a razor blade.
"You want to go as high as possible," Weeden said. "I was glad to be with friends and family to share the moment. This night kind of went just like I planned, I mean, hoped."
Madeleine Rogers, student
Thinking like a coach. It should come as no surprise that Ohio State sophomore point guard Aaron Craft, a first-team academic All-American, already sounds like a coach. When asked about Sullinger not playing in the Buckeyes' 78-67 loss at Kansas on Dec. 10, Craft cautioned, "I think the worst thing we can do now is anticipate Jared being the quick solution to this game, him being able to fix everything and we'll be OK."
Every muscle strained and her face turned a bright red. But she did it. The record was hers.
The Brazilian government maintained majority control of the voting shares. But to make the company more transparent and efficient, the government also floated some shares on the New York Stock Exchange, created a board of directors composed of leading private industrialists, and opened up the oil sector to outside competition.
The 34-year-old star appears on an upcoming as-yet-untitled track by hop-hop artist Pusha T and his lyrics appear to allude to the fact his relationship with the socialite is getting serious.
CIM Group officials could not be reached for comment Sunday.
Eastwood was amazing. He's just finished a movie in which he plays an aging baseball scout. Everyone thought that after he was brought onstage to honor Jamal, he'd take a powder out the back door.
Height: 6-4 Weight: 225
Eubank is a threat running the ball. Does that give him an advantage?
"I had to realize what was considered work and what wasn't considered work," Hundley said. "In high school you study a little bit film, go on the field and throw a little bit. In college there is a big difference."
That's because as much as the Average Joe Commuter would like to receive something for nothing, the transportation system is not free. The basic infrastructure, from roads to bridges, subway lines to airport runways, has to be maintained, replaced, and expanded upon. After 19 years of inflation, the pennies collected at the pump don't go as far as they used to go.
"I'm not going to watch the games," Capitals forward Alex Ovechkin said. "I'm just going to chill and control my moods and control emotions."
"Now everyone will be able to hold legislators accountable for that momentous decision," Dayton said on Thursday.
Anderson is in prison for attempted murder and other convictions from 2000.
Their answer: A blockbuster deal.
-- Shoppers are binging on big discounts. Stores are desperate to get people in the door. But the same shoppers who find a "60 percent off" tag too good to resist may realize at home that they busted the budget.
To help complete the work, Milpitas received a grant from Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority to offset 58 percent of the total project cost. Any work associated with the extension of this contract is fully reimbursable pursuant, per the grant.
Applewhite, who is 93 and uses a wheelchair, became the lead plaintiff in a lawsuit filed here in state court by the ACLU and the NAACP challenging Pennsylvania's new law requiring voters to produce a driver's license or other photo identification before they are allowed to vote.
Backups Tom Savage and Daxx Garman opted to transfer after Rodriguez was hired. Scott redshirted as a senior this season; the speedster has one year of eligibility remaining.
The region ranks seventh for worst ozone pollution among metropolitan areas nationwide and 15th worst for short-term particle pollution in the 13th annual "State of the Air" report released Wednesday. The study uses data from 2008 to 2010.
Q: How do you dress for performances?
"There's a stigma attached. We don't do the stick-your-money-in-the-belt kind of dancing. That's something I'm not into at all, the stick the money in my bra and belt thing. I'm a performer, I'm not a dance-for-tips kind of girl. We don't do the shake-your-boobs-in-their-faces kind of belly dancing. We don't want to offend anybody."
The Rutgers-Eagleton poll found that Christie's favorability rating sank 12 points since February, when 45 percent of residents had a favorable opinion of the governor and 26 percent unfavorable. Now that stands at 33 percent favorable and 37 percent unfavorable, according to the poll. The survey did not measure Christie's job approval ratings. Another poll, released by Fairleigh Dickinson University last week, found his job approval rating dropped 9 percentage points, to 43 percent, after he introduced his budget in March. The governor's $29.3 billion budget proposal makes wide-ranging cuts -- including to property tax rebates and school, town and college aid -- while resisting broad-based tax increases. The Rutgers-Eagleton poll said that 43 percent of those who had heard about the budget are very or somewhat pleased with it, while 50 percent are somewhat or very displeased.
Why is the state doing this? The state didn't send anybody to war.
Sunday's shooting was the third officer-involved shooting in Oakland this year, but the first fatal shooting involving an officer.
To me, the consistently low rating for the giant legacy airlines is symptomatic of the way their management teams regard the business. These days, most industry mavens I know take the position that the main purpose of the legacy lines' domestic networks, which often lose money, is to feed their "profitable" international flights -- and especially to rake in the ultraexpensive business-class fares that make up a big part of long-haul air travel. Given that mindset, they don't really try to put out a good product in domestic coach, and such customer loyalty as they enjoy they retain through corporate discounts and judicious doling out of upgrades.
Burke could not say whether she lost any days because of disciplinary matters.
The concrete has to have specific strength and density. The color of the panels has to be uniform.
Yet the saga continues to linger because Portola Valley and other communities had different grievances.
Seton Hall lost its final two games of the regular season, at home to Rutgers and at DePaul, by 28 (!) points. If the Pirates lose on the opening day of the Big East Tournament to Providence, that might be it for their NCAA hopes.
In nearly two weeks not one police officer has been allowed into the camp, Simons said. When police arrive, the campers huddle together and shout: "Go home!"
Some stars celebrated Cinco de Mayo at the Kentucky Derby, but others celebrated at another major sporting event, the boxing match between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Miguel Cotto.
Federal prosecutors filed actions to seize the two properties -- in adjacent suites at 7586 Redwood Blvd. -- in U.S. District Court in San Francisco on Monday. The Green Tiger closed its doors Tuesday, employees confirmed, but the Green Door will remain open unless it receives a direct order to shut down, director Lawrence Pebbles said.
Missouri's choice spotlights a debate in states seeking better tornado protection: Is disaster aid better spent on safe rooms in individual homes or on larger public shelters designed to protect hundreds or thousands of people?
For the whiskey sauce: Place all ingredients in a blender and puree until smooth, then season to taste. If you like, add more bourbon and/or Tabasco.
SATURDAY, OCT. 30
The sparsely populated district, the largest in Texas, covering about a fifth of the state's total square mileage, was redrawn by federal judges after the Supreme Court found that the 2003 Republican-engineered redistricting, otherwise constitutional, had diluted Latino voting strength to help Bonilla.
To see what she might show up in, here's a glance at some of the hats in her collection:
And on this day, Florence's Huskies performed flawlessly against the Wolverines.
3015 Stony Ridge Ct, $289,900
"I think there was an expectation that as the rhetoric heated up, it might deter some candidates from moving forward," he said. "It didn't."
Deciding whether someone acted reasonably is also a critical part of the "the fact-intensive inquiry" prosecutors must make before deciding whether charges are warranted in a shooting, Sundby said.
Leverett said many locals are familiar with the home that has been well maintained over time so that it exudes its original integrity yet accommodates residents in today's time.
After trekking through the wet mess, we have to fight off the mall crowds in squishy socks.
Testing the boundaries of retail technology
Starting in May, Baltimore Gas and Electric Co. will begin installing "smart meters" in a huge undertaking intended to modernize Central Maryland's electricity grid and save customers money by helping them control energy use.
August: Kill the weeds that the monsoon rains have invigorated. A good spray also will get rid of the pre-germinating seeds that sprout as new weeds.
Karen Diekamp Hitchcock of St. Charles is a medical secretary who writes a semimonthly column for the Journal. She can be reached
More than 100 people gathered outside of Seau's home, only hours after he was found dead. .
GENESEE COUNTY
"Right now we're loving what happened in Illinois; we're looking at next week's states for a big delegate victory. This campaign is only about delegates right now, winning and delegates," he said in a brief interview before the event.
"There was always innovation and evolution, because it was about creativity.
Alike is a 17-year-old Black girl growing up in Brooklyn, an "A" student and a talented writer.
Staff writers Susan K. Livio and Amy Brittain contributed to this report.
"And it wouldn't apply to kids' toys, such as bb guns or paintball guns, but only something capable of causing serious injury or death," Heggie said.
Langford's attorney, Todd Ryan, asked for probation. He said his client sought treatment both before and after the crash for a long history of substance abuse. One of Langford's therapists and his Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor testified on his behalf. They said he had a good chance of staying away from substance abuse.
And the show is funny. Giggles are constant and well-earned throughout. But missing from the 2 1/2-hour night are big, throaty laughs. It's sort of like being tickled, by very capable hands, in all but our most vulnerable places.
At the end of the three weeks, IBM will share its recommendations with city officials and the public.
Troy Davis lay strapped to a gurney awaiting the chemical coupe de grace that his executioners would soon send coursing through his body.
Hoboken moves St. Patrick's Day parade to weekday after police make 34 arrests
Another student pulled Prado from the deep end, and McKee began CPR.
Sothern, an 11-year bureau veteran, refused to take a breath test at the scene. He's accused of trying to ditch a pursuing deputy by driving away and endangering the security guard who was on foot at Cape Kiwanda RV Resort, and his wife, a passenger in the car.
As I drove home on Roland Avenue, the street was lined with cars. More than one house seemed to be having pre-Irene parties. What else can you do in the face of something as mammoth as Irene?
Repeat winners receive therapy.
Nov. 11 at Miami, 1:00
Crime Stoppers is offering a cash reward of up to $1,000 for information, reported to Crime Stoppers, that leads to an arrest in this case, or any unsolved felony, and you can remain anonymous.
"Hundreds of thousands of American families are waiting anxiously as Chrysler approaches its deadline," Stabenow said.
D'Evelyn banged out seven hits but couldn't string anything together.
The crowd funding proposal has some merit. Companies could seek to raise up to $2 million through individual donations up to $10,000 each or 10 percent of a person's income. Right now, essentially you have to have at least $1 million to invest in a startup. But in its current form, even the crowd funding piece is problematic because it provides little oversight of the process by letting just about anyone into the fundraising game.
The company also plans to lay off 100 workers at its prescription processing center in Bensalem. The Pennsylvania operations had among the highest labor costs in the company, largely because of union contracts, company officials said.
A Chippewa Herald report ( http://bit.ly/IXtXFo) says Amanda repeatedly nudged him with the vehicle but he stood his ground. When she tried to drive around him, he allegedly jumped in front of the vehicle and was struck.
Trend that has exceeded its natural lifespan? Remaking movies. I love old movies, but I'm so tired of seeing remakes as the majority of what makes it to theaters.
Thornon, 52, who was said by some in the community to be devoted to cleaning up its historical corruption, was killed by three shots fired by someone inside his car around dawn on April 1, 2010. The vehicle struck a tree at Caseyville Avenue and 48th Street.
1621 LINDELL $76,000
Plummer found it humorous, he said, because if a middle linebacker in the NFL didn't hit somebody hard enough to see stars at least five times in a game, he could expect to ride the bench the next week.
The relay victory put the Cougars into a first-place tie with Penney's Lindsay Vollmer. Vollmer, who won the long jump with leap of 18 feet, 1 inch, is projected to win four events and score 40 points before taking her talents to the University of Kansas. Vollmer had eight gold medals to her name entering the state meet.
Asked if it means he's a step, an inch, a stride closer to first base against the Cardinals than, say, against other teams, Reyes grinned with an answer.
The report from AIG brought a reminder of the strains that still exist in the financial system. AIG said it lost $8.87 billion in the fourth quarter of 2009. That's improved from a year earlier but weaker than analysts expected. AIG fell $2.74, or 10 percent, to $24.77.
Estrogen blockers such tamoxifen and the aromatase inhibitors have significant side effects and are generally used only for women past menopause. So they're unlikely to become drugs for the prevention of lung cancer, as they currently are for breast cancer. But as researchers learn more about lung cancer and study whether early detection of this deadly cancer can save lives, the role of estrogen in helping those cancers take hold and grow will likely get more attention.
1034 N Rock Hill Rd, $56,250
He said he spent some time there, and then began a 14-month renovation. When the work was done and the co-op was furnished with period pieces, he changed his mind about living there and decided to put it back on the market.
Instead she and her entourage keep to themselves, almost never interacting with anyone else. She is accompanied each day by about a half-dozen security guards, most of whom wait quietly outside the courtroom during testimony.
3727 Minnesota Av, $6,011
A Severn woman broke down in tears several times Thursday in Baltimore Circuit Court as she testified that her boyfriend was driving the 2001 Lincoln that struck and killed two teenagers on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard last June. She said she switched seats in the car with him before they were stopped by police later that night.
She insisted most of the information about Dekraai has already been published and that the defense team cannot meet the legal burden of proving that its client's right to a fair trial would be threatened by the release of the transcript.
That levee now protects to 47 feet, 7 feet higher than the 1993 crest. "We're not concerned by what we've seen so far, but we're paying more attention," Human said. To endanger the Monarch, he said, "It will take a lot more water than what has been discussed."
There are plenty of catches with the free plan. United Online isn't offsetting its costs by making users look at advertising, as it did with its original offer of free dial-up Internet access. The "free" users will be money-losers for the company, United Online Chairman and CEO Mark Goldston said. That means United Online is using the free plan as a way to lure customers with the hope of upselling them to paying plans, which start at $9.95 per month.
The NFL playoffs are in full swing, college basketball teams have started conference play, and the NBA and NHL are in the middle of their seasons.
JPMorgan Chase said Thursday that it lost the money in a trading group designed to manage the risks that it takes with its own money. CEO Jamie Dimon said the bank's strategy was "egregious" and poorly monitored.
Dorothy Grace Marie Maraglino, 36, of Fallbrook, was taken into custody Thursday night at a hotel in downtown San Diego, Sheriff Bill Gore said in a written statement.
Randy Maluchnik, president of the Association of Minnesota Counties, says that "local governments do an excellent job of administering fair and open elections" ("Let serious debate begin on voter ID," April 16).
Where: 4311 Harford Road, Baltimore
And because of Brisbane's low rate of violent crime - there were no murders recorded from 2001 through 2006 and other categories of crime were considerably lower than state averages during that same period - Barnes feels safe letting his 8-year-old son, Malcolm, have some of the freedom Gomez enjoyed.
I'm a judge every year at the Tribeca Film Festival, and the very first year I judged the festival, I judged the category "World Documentary." The film that won was a film called "Pray the Devil Back to Hell." And it was all about how women basically took the country (Liberia) back from men and got them to stop fighting.
That didn't change the no-game situation.
40) Eat a Rainbow Cone, a tasty, Chicago-only blend of orange sherbert with pistachio, palmer house (vanilla with cherries and walnuts), strawberry and chocolate ice cream. Original Rainbow Cone, 9233 S. Western Ave. $3.79 for a large cone.
The $156-per-parcel tax had received 65.7 percent of the votes that were included Tuesday in final election night returns, just short of the two-thirds threshold for a tax measure. But on Thursday the county Elections Office released the tally of more than a hundred mail ballots that were turned in at voting precincts, bumping the total to 67.5 percent.
The snacks are available for around $3 per 2-ounce package at stores like Bi-Rite Market in San Francisco; REI in San Francisco and Berkeley; and Draeger's San Mateo and Menlo Park.
Founded two years ago, and originally known as Sell Simply, Chirpify gained geek cred when marketing firms used its technology to create a "Tweet a Beer" service at the annual SXSW interactive festival in Austin last month.
Then he opened the gym bag, pulled out a rope, stripped the boys, tied them, forced them into sexual positions and snapped Polaroid pictures.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security estimates there were 460,000 illegal immigrants in Arizona as of January 2009. Although there is no official breakdown, the majority are believed to be from Latin America.
And if you like Animal Kingdom in Saturday's Preakness, beware, he added.
He and his wife, Gina, were both lawyers baffled by the high prices of designer ties. They were also, as it turned out, lawyers who didn't love being lawyers. They ditched the legal world seven years ago and launched the website where all ties - even 100 percent silk ties - are $15.
Since passing the budget last June, Brown and Democratic legislative leaders have touted their work, saying they had slashed the $26 billion deficit left by Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger by nearly two-thirds. However, that budget plan relied on a number of risky assumptions, including a projection that tax revenue would grow by an additional $4 billion.
Prestigious individual awards. Grand job opportunities. Millions of dollars.
Now, 100 years after Oregon women gained the right to vote, Fritz and Gretchen Kafoury, the fifth woman to serve on the City Council, say city government is still a "boys club." Even including city auditors, Portland's roster of elected women rises to only 10.
Vancouver took advantage of a hot bounce on the end boards to take a 1-0 lead with 15 minutes, 43 seconds left in regulation.
The stacks were neater, but I still didn't know what to do with them.
I was not much into cars, but at times a bunch of us would stand at Roger Place and Arsenal and see who could first identify approaching cars.
Nikita has severe temperament issues, A'Brunzo said.
It's annoying because it slows progress, and it's dangerous because it indulges bigotry. It's maddening incrementalism, rather than bold, fierce leadership on a critical issue of equality. The GOP is still almost completely cowed by religious and other conservative opposition to gay marriage. (Even though the truly "conservative" position should be to challenge the government's authority to deny any class of citizens equal treatment under the law.)
Lutheran (0-10) scored all of its points in the second half. Brett Collins had two rushing touchdowns in the third quarter, and Bruce Boni added a touchdown run in the fourth.
The issue is next set to be discussed by the board on Jan. 5. It could be voted on as early as Jan. 19. It would have to be voted on no later than Jan. 23 to go on the April 3 ballot.
Nubia's acid-covered body was so desecrated, it was hard to identify. Her twin brother, Victor, was found convulsing.
September 11, 2001, was just such a time of crisis. Religious leaders certainly tried to speak out and offer comfort and solace, but it's unclear to me how many of us were able to admit how terribly unsettling this event was, how very much it wounded our psyches and grieved our spirits. I wonder how many pastors were willing to share, honestly and responsibly, their rage and grief and confusion. I don't think we're doing ourselves or our congregations any favors when we confine ourselves to meek platitudes about how everything happens for a reason or hide behind pious conventions about God's mysterious ways. Maybe if more people had seen religious leaders being more transparent, even more vulnerable, it would have helped them to realize they weren't alone.
He and a few dozen of his fellow Boy Scouts, some teammates from the Scottsdale Sidewinders baseball team, and several parents spent Saturday morning installing irrigation, planting sage and lantana, and raking gravel between the sidewalk and the wall surrounding the Tavan District Annex property at 46th Street and Osborn Road.
But by the time most of the 60,000 participants - 33,000 of them officially registered - had reached the notorious Hayes Street hill, those not already dressed in outlandish outfits had given up all pretense of actually jogging and instead had joined the revelry.
Still, traditional pension plans actually generate more bang per investment buck because of the economies of scale of handling billions of dollars in retirement assets for tens of thousands of retirees, Glickstein said. Traditional pensions can offer the same level of benefits at 30 percent less cost than 401(k)-type plans, he said.
Sarbinowska, 54, is a freelance artist who emigrated from Poland in 1981. A candidate for Cleveland City Council in 2005 and 2009, she is running to restore trust in government, improve quality of life and develop the lakefront, adding ferries to Canada and Chicago.
"I'm not going to rule that out, if I felt like I wanted to do that," he said. "But I am very comfortable sitting back and watching."
How did you choose smooth Fox terriers as the breed you wanted to have as pets?
The Star-Ledger reported last week that Rep. Steve Rothman (D-Fair Lawn) was opting to run against a fellow Democrat rather than challenge Rep. Scott Garrett (R-Wantage), and what followed was a series of behind-the-scenes maneuvering and major announcements.
"When I meet with people, I hear three top concerns," she said. "Am I eating what I should? How can I eat healthy within my budget? How can I make good eating fast and easy?"
The Twins hope Liriano comes in some games, faces a few hitters and begins to build momentum that will take him back to the rotation. They could have sent him to Class AAA Rochester to start -- a decision Liriano has said he would accept if presented to him -- but manager Ron Gardenhire wants him to work on getting major league hitters out.
THEFT: Someone stole three signs valued at $285 from the Medina Antique Mall March 26. A security camera did not record the theft and there are no suspects at this time.
UC Master Gardener Bill Pierce took a look at a photo of the plant. At first glance, he said the plant appeared to be an orchid. A search of the orchid section of the "Exotica International Pictorial Cyclopedia of Exotic Plants from Tropical and Near Tropical Regions" turned up no matches.
She'd throw up her hands and punctuate each word with a slice of her hands: "Because you already know it."
VARIETY HONORS: Michael Neidorff and Thelma Steward are Variety's 2012 Man & Woman of the Year.
2008: First year to play home matches at Valley Stadium
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
"It's like getting paid to be on vacation. I just had a feeling it was kind of my calling. I knew I would miss the glamour, the excitement of playing in the orchestra, I knew I would, but that was my calling," she recalled.
More than a dozen members of her family ringed her after she was named princess, taking turns posing with her for pictures.
Ridley's rendition of Etta James's "At Last" impressed the "America's Got Talent" judges and she was selected to compete on the show in 2010. Perhaps "America's Got Talent" judge Howie Mandel said it best: "You deserve to be heard by much more than everyone on the train."
How much do you insure it for? A lady never reveals these things :)
Rentable Jetpacks would be nice, but it takes a while to get the hang of those; with some practice you can fly around with skill and elan, but the first few weeks people who work in the IDS building would be scared witless by newbies thumping into the glass on the 40th floor.
That would include Hitler.
Xiuru Lin, whose family owns Ming Moon Chinese restaurant at West 117th Street and Bellaire Road, said she doesn't know how many customers work at the company, but losing any of them will hurt.
While Kirby and Michael Simon, an assistant commissioner of the Chicago Department of Transportation, both testified that the NATO conference would bring about 50 delegations to town, they said G-8 would have brought only a few more than the eight members of the organization. However, like NATO, experts say G-8 draws delegations from many more countries than just the eight members. The 2009 G-8 in Italy drew 40 delegations, said John Kirton, director of the G-8 Research Group at the University of Toronto.
"Let's get down to the business of keeping the Beavers in Civic Stadium, killing the HQ Hotel and redesigning the Columbia River Crossing," he said.
Fannie Mae 137.7
"It was inevitable because they lost control," Ken Waltz said Saturday. "The whole thing was controlled by Robert and Arvella. For some reason, they allowed the kids to get in there and reorganize it poorly. The thing was managed so badly financially and spiritually that it fell apart."
Ashaolu, from Toronto, Ontario, is one of seven players confirmed for the dunk competition, a list that includes: Miles Plumlee (Duke), Kenny Gabriel (Auburn), DeQuan Jones (Miami), William Mosley (Northwestern State), James Justice (Martin Methodist) and David Kyles (Wichita State).
Day 9 happened to be my in-person session with Siebert for the week. She had me do cardio, upper-body weights and a series of stretches and crunches. Intimidated though I was among the muscle beaches at Life Time Fitness, I did my best and stayed busy long after Siebert had moved on to another appointment.
Paul Millsap led Utah with 20 points. The Jazz hung close until the third, when the NBA's top 3-point shooting team began burying Utah with three in a two-minute burst to finish the quarter.
"Anti-family planning legislators insist on dictating to Kansas women how they will control their fertility," she said in a statement after the vote.
From the large parking area at the end of Palm Canyon Road, the trail leads directly into the canyon. It's narrow in places, steep in others, but generally easy to follow. About half a mile in, you'll spot the palms, high in a narrow, rock-choked side canyon on the north.
"January is where we look for all the postholiday clearance and it can be a mixed bag," said David Bassuk, head of the ...
Prosecutors contend Balfour killed Hudson's relatives in an act of vengeance against Hudson's sister, Julia Hudson, his estranged wife at the time. Juila Hudson fiddled nervously with a piece of string as Bagby described how her ex-husband allegedly shot her son, Julian King, whom she called Juice Box, through the head.
The campaign also owes JC Watts Enterprises _ run by the former Republican representative from Oklahoma _ some $35,000 for outreach to religious conservatives. Watts, who served in the House with Gingrich, endorsed his bid and vouched for the thrice-married admitted adulterer among skeptical social conservatives.
That may not sound like much. But it was the first time in 20 months that Sacramento home prices stopped falling year over year, the real estate information service said. The last time prices rose was in July 2010, when buyers rushed to finish purchases before federal and state tax credits expired.
Jim and Dorothy, who asked that their last name not be used, shared their story today in Elizabeth for the launch of a nationwide education campaign sponsored by the New Jersey Office of the Attorney General, the Division of Consumer Affairs and the Consumer Federation of America to protect the elderly.
The warehouse where the fire started had been under investigation by the city for about two years, said Everett Gillison, Nutter's chief of staff. He said the city would provide more information on that investigation later Monday. The cause of the blaze was not immediately determined.
That satisfies a school like Boise State, which traditionally has finished in the top ten in recent years and also increases the likelihood of securing a league tie-in with a major bowl game.
The restored original lion statues were moved and now flank the Hall of Records entrance on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard.
That shouldn't be forgotten when you look at his stats, which were negatively affected by the Hawks' awful power play. Kane had only 12 points with the man advantage after averaging 29 in his first four seasons.
The Penn State football assistant whose report of Jerry Sandusky allegedly attacking a child in the showers led to Joe Paterno's firing said in a court filing Tuesday that he is suing the school.
We now have plenty of boxes and frames to stay ahead of our bees, and we now stack five and six boxes to give them their own urban high-rises. They seem much happier.
Wheat asked that anyone with information concerning the case call Detective Jeanne Stephenson at 503-823-0865 or Detective Jim Lawrence at 503-823-0867.
We hopscotched our way down the river, stopping at various viewpoints to watch kayakers, rafters and canoe paddlers thread their way around some rocks and through fairly mild rapids. One of the most popular group trips is a four- to five-day wilderness excursion on the River of No Return with the rafts stopping at natural hot springs and resting on sandy beaches. Jared Hopkinson, who runs the Sawtooth Adventure Co., told us, "I dig watching people push themselves. There is a lot of bonding, and families become lifelong friends. It is kinda like going on a cruise, but more exciting."
We used to play this game called hide and seek. The only thing you had to hide behind was parked cars and bushes and in alleys because we didn't have fences. We could run from your yard to my yard.
Skeen got of the car and ran but police caught him.
At Three Sixty, the Hilton at the Ballpark's chic new rooftop bar, it's easy to suffer from sensory overload. There's a lot to see and savor.
For now, Bechard, who was spending his mornings and late nights between cooking shifts at Thistle sawing wood and attaching legs to tables at Community Plate, is just happy the construction work is done. He says that, after all the effort he's put in working double-duty, he's not worried about spreading himself too thin once both restaurants are open.
"I have no bad news to tell you." Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne said Thursday, adding that trends for the rest of year looked positive.
Shadows Bright as Glass
Because St. Louis has relatively few market-ready companies, and more startups that need years of nurturing, the financial pinch has hurt us more than other places.
On Thursday, committee member Andrew Kahng, a UC San Diego computer science and engineering professor, came down on the side of approving Jacobs' plan. He rejected calls to give more time for analyzing various documents, saying the pros and cons were clear and it was the time to get something done.
Construction is just the beginning. When D1X opens in 2013, Intel will add hundreds of positions in research and skilled manufacturing -- a field hurting nearly as much as construction. Total tech manufacturing employment has fallen 33 percent in the last decade.
Dutch qualifier Kiki Bertens won her first WTA title by defeating Spaniard Laura Pous-Tio 7-5, 6-0 in the Grand Prix SAR final on Saturday.
But the farm system, the scouting system, and the philosophy for the White Sox is close to terrible, so general manager Ken Williams needs to make this a year that at least looks good. If it looks awful from the get-go, you might be able to rent space in the Cell's bleachers by August.
Leave it to some penny pinching Minnesotans to make a couple of billionaires sweat it out. If Zygi and Mark Wilf had known it was going to be this hard to get a new stadium built in Minneapolis, they might have gone looking for some other taxpayer-funded trough to guzzle at.
Los Angeles Galaxy forward Robbie Keane is among 23 players selected for Ireland's roster for the European Championship.
The other 99 percent paid for administrative expenses, educational materials and "direct assistance" to veterans. The group said it can account for all the money, but it won't share any of the documentation.
According to a Treasury report released last month, of the 707 financial institutions that were funded through CPP since October 2008, 351 still must repay funds. Missouri and Illinois are among only four states that have more than 20 banks that have outstanding CPP investments: Illinois has 23 and Missouri has 22. California leads the nation with 30.
"I'm going to do everything: OTAs, minicamp," Meachem said. "I'm feeling good. I'm in a new atmosphere. I'm getting all the help I need to make sure I'm good for the next year. Pretty much everything is good right now."
The two swapped collegial e-mails after their meeting, with Sneiderman providing business contacts for Neuman.
BEREA -- Workers began removing boulders and fallen timber one of the low-head dams in Baldwin Creek today.
Dillon Hermon, Peotone:
Some of the most famous body parts in our collective consciences don't even need the body to be recognizable. We don't need to see all of Popeye to recognize his supinator muscles. There was only one person on this planet that had those lavender eyes. Virtually everyone can pick out Spock's ears in a lineup.
Owner Bob McNair pumps a lot of money into the personnel department that scouts pro and college players. McNair has to be extremely happy with the Texans' record, their lofty status as the NFL's No. 1 defensive team, and the real possibility of a first division title and a playoff game at Reliant Stadium.
Gary Winuk, the FPPC's enforcement chief, points out that Richards' penalty was consistent with the way the commission treats other officials caught in the same situation. But maybe it shouldn't be so lenient.
This would have provided an income to the whole people of Iraq and ... prevented the current disputes over oil between the Sunnis, Shiites and Kurds, because oil income would have been distributed on an individual rather than a group basis.
FitzGerald, who served as Lakewood's mayor during some of the years Dever served on the suburb's city council, said he did not think the testimony about the inspector merited discipline.
Hood River
The public figures who championed conservation were almost all on Pinchot's side. The most famous of this group was Theodore Roosevelt, whose reputation has increasingly been built on his record as a conserver of natural resources. Roosevelt took a famous jaunt into the woodlands of California with Muir, impressing the latter with his stamina.
"The decision to play Tuesday night's game vs. Baltimore was a collaborative effort between Major League Baseball and the Yankees. Every possible effort was made to play the game because there was no suitable alternative dates on which to play a rescheduled game given the poor weather forecast for Wednesday.
Aware even back then of his story of being stripped of his title and his refusal to fight in the Vietnam War, of his outspokenness and his chorus of detractors and haters, I always saw so much more at stake than a title belt when Ali climbed into the ring - even against another black man - like in 1971.
After the meeting, Glover agreed with Davidson.
These two aren't alone in this space, by the way. Box launched several years ago, targeting businesses. Microsoft updated its SkyDrive service last week, and Apple launched iCloud last summer. Pichai said Google watched these other services develop, but resisted the urge to just shove something out the door.
Ready took offense at the term "neo-Nazi," but acknowledged he had identified with the National Socialist Movement, an organization that believes only non-Jewish, white heterosexuals should be American citizens and that everyone who isn't white should leave the country "peacefully or by force."
Though the exact number of deaths caused by septic shock is not known, estimates range from 50,000 to 100,000.
These days, Felt, 56, lives and works practically in picturesque seclusion on acreage outside Auburn, where there is plenty of time to dream and satisfy his quest to build the best bikes in the world.
Noon Johns Hopkins at Navy, CBSSN
He is owed nothing except for an escort to a comfy seat on the bench.
Which leads to the third step in this process. If we're going to get any of this done, we're going to need a movement. For 20 years, environmentalists have operated on the notion that we'd get action if we simply had scientists explain to politicians and chief executives that our current ways are unsustainable. That turns out, quite conclusively, not to work. We need to be able to explain to them that continuing in their current ways will end something they actually care about: their careers. And because we'll never have the cash to compete with Exxon, we better work in the currencies we can muster: bodies, spirit, passion.
A training session for volunteers to map the spread of Sudden Oak Death will be held at 9 a.m. Saturday at Garland Ranch Regional Park visitor center, 700 W. Carmel Valley Road.
That is scarcely a new idea, but Fonda treats it with a mixture of sadness and a formal integrity that lends the piles a kind of monumental grace. The giant pile with a soccer ball, a potted plant, an old bike and a wheelbarrow that was shown in the State Fair exhibition is on view here and is even more imposing in the smaller Kaneko gallery.
Ahuja, who donated $30 million to University Hospitals , said last week the medical center is his family's legacy to the community.
Ruggeri did not return phone calls seeking comment.
Public anger has been so high that politicians have been forced to maintain low-profile campaigns for fear of physical attacks on the streets in a country battered by business closures and hundreds of thousands of job losses.
This is Benedict's first voyage to the Spanish-speaking Americas; after three days in Mexico, he continues to Cuba, the first papal visit to the island nation since John Paul II's historic trip to Havana in 1998.
P Jeremy Nicholson, sr., East St. Louis
Users elsewhere report hiccups with the app and ticketing. If a handheld device doesn't have fresh data, an enforcement officer can cite a driver in error, Cizek acknowledged. But producing proof of payment in that case would be simple.
In exchange, Husted has committed to sending applications to voters in all 88 counties for the 2012 presidential election.
In MUMBAI, the Bombay Stock Exchange's Sensitive Index lost 139.73 points, or 0.7%, to close at 19451.40, its fourth consecutive loss, as stocks fell on worries that corporate results might be pressured by high commodity prices. Property developer DLF skidded 3.7% and Tata Motors
Ankeny 7, Ottumwa 0
Antimony was measured at 93 parts per million in the hamster's fur and at 106 parts per million in its nose. Both readings exceed the allowable level of 60 parts per million, said O'Rourke, an associate professor of environmental science at the University of California, Berkeley.
She says she found as high as 75 percent mortality rates among young trees in 2003, when she revisited 24 randomly selected park sites she'd monitored 10 years earlier. In addition, young trees aren't taking root, Broshot says, and that could have disastrous effects in decades to come.
Take omega-3s before and after walking. They act as anti-inflammatories. Take 900 milligrams of the DHA form of omega-3s. We prefer supplements made from algae, not fish oil; fish get their omega-3s from algae.
V.B., Bay Village
Failure to follow the rules "will be treated as serious and will result in disciplinary action, possible termination and could give rise to civil and/or criminal liability on the part of the employee."
The commission will include six members appointed by Republican leaders, six by Democrats, and a tie-breaking member agreed upon by both sides. If party leaders cannot agree on the 13th member, the state Supreme Court will pick the potential tiebreaker.
Susan Levin, nutrition education director for the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine, says her organization was "pleasantly surprised" to see how much emphasis the guidelines give to plant-based diets, even addressing vegetarian or vegan diets.
On Friday, Burroughs' character will hit the big screen in "John Carter," the first live-action film from director Andrew Stanton, the Pixar wizard who won an Oscar for "WALL-E." The new film stars Taylor Kitsch in the title role as a Civil War soldier who mysteriously wanders into a time warp and finds himself on Mars with super-powers caused by the change in gravity. He lands in the middle of another civil war on a dying planet, where he chooses sides with a beautiful warrior princess, played by Lynn Collins.
Injury update II: Public address announcer Olivier Sedra was taken from the arena on a stretcher and transported to the Cleveland Clinic before the start of the game. The team provided no further update. Carl Manteau served as the PA announcer.
Meanwhile, whether able to refer to persons from New Athens or from Belleville where his sizeable financial contributions led to Whitey Herzog Field in Citizens Park, Herzog remains thankful and humble. The games of baseball and life never had a better ambassador.
Fortunately for Kansas, the rebound went off a Wolfpack player and bounced out of bounds. Kansas then called a play for the inbounds pass and it worked to perfection, with Elijah Johnson grabbing the pass and scoring in one motion on a drive down the lane for a 60-57 lead.
Under Lannon's leadership, ARDEC, which develops weapons and armaments for soldiers, has won 21 Army's Greatest Inventions awards.
Chevrolet Suburban LT
"I just do this all for fun. Hopefully, it goes somewhere. I would like a recording contract or something. But really I just want to do something positive. I want to be doing positive things instead of getting in trouble and going to jail."
"I have access to a lot of material that comes in for consideration for us to make as a film company," he said. "I also have my own projects that I get excited about developing. Sometimes I get turned on by something that's part of the DreamWorks pool, like 'Catch Me If You Can,' and I will volunteer my directing services for something that I understand, certainly, well enough to want to jump right into it and direct it myself.
Ward was among several officials who appeared at an outdoor press conference today hosted by Mayor Michael Bloomberg on a platform overlooking Ground Zero.
For his part, NASA Administrator Charles Bolden, a former shuttle commander, defended the shuttle retirement and post-shuttle plans in a recent speech at the National Press Club.
Craig said Mabry "hit them all over. Today was a long day."
Patel says their data are in line with other studies, but she doesn't have a good answer to the question yet.
But Jay Hochberg soon found his heart racing faster than he could ever imagine going that slowly inside the Holland Tunnel.
"Let's improve their skills so they can be a better veterinarian and everyone wins," Runde said.
"Where'd they go? We have no clue about that actually," said study author Mickael Henry, a bee ecologist for the French national agriculture institute. His study said the pesticide likely contributes to colony collapse.
During that time, St. Louis already had lost two efforts to secure an NFL expansion team. A stadium was under construction, but there wasn't any team to play in it.
Now: 37.3 million
"We are aware the legislation is evolving," said Nick Alexopulos, a university spokesman. "We have not made changes to Loyola's benefits plans as a result of the legislation, but like many institutions we continue to monitor this complex issue."
EVERGLADES NATIONAL PARK, Florida -- Kristen Hart's search for a cold-blooded killer came to an end at a perfect hideout -- thick scrub brush, dense trees and shade. She crouched with three scouts and whispered.
"Just be careful," Galligan says. "Treat with love, but use it."
Among Shinn's cases was a 1991 wrongful-death civil lawsuit that he pursued on behalf of the family of Cheryl Keeton, a 36-year-old lawyer who was murdered. Keeton's family believed her estranged husband, Bradly M. Cunningham Sr., had killed her, but the Washington County district attorney's office did not bring charges against him.
Monday morning led to the cancellation of several flights at St. Louis-Lambert International Airport and the last-minute closure of a handful of schools.
The profit exceeded analysts' expectations as demand for commercial and off-highway vehicles boosted sales, and the company declared a second-quarter dividend, sending its shares up as much as 9% in Wednesday trading. The stock closed at $15.21, up $1.31.
Even before he became ill, Goodwin was certain he would take advantage of the law if his alternative was a slow and agonizing death.
As for the phone call from Angelou last month, she was just calling to say she was proud to be part of Swingler's program and invited Swingler to interview her. Swingler is still waiting to hear whether he can interview her over the phone or fly to meet her in person. He said he would video and share the experience with students across the school district.
The Democratic sweep of Congress in 2006 and President Barack Obama's election in 2008 convinced many people that the religious right had been defeated and discredited. They believed it was time to "move on," a ubiquitous but dangerous phrase that often blinds people to unpleasant realities.
On a recent morning, Kevin was sitting on a sofa in his dad's living room, telling his story. He is now a compactly built young man of 24, with gentle, dark eyes and a thin reddish beard shaved to follow his jawline. He is polite, accommodating and articulate. Five years after jumping off the bridge, he still has flashbacks. He sees himself plummeting toward his death and his body shakes violently. Last May, he cut into his right shoulder with a box cutter and was hospitalized for two months. Since then, he has lived in a psychiatric residential care facility. But he likes to come to his dad's small townhouse to read and watch TV. He calls it his sanctuary.
Friends say they're rooting hard for Hattie Stretz.
Hey, Tony: Who is the back-up center? -- Charles Mosser, Milan
1 pint kumquats, halved and seeded
For example, one of the most beloved historic properties is the Little Red School House, Scottsdale's first grammar school. It was built in 1909 and dedicated in 1910. The all-grades schoolhouse was used as a classroom, for church service and community gatherings, Fudala said.
"I want Mozzeria to be known for its pizzas and other Italian food, not for deafness," said Melody Stein, noting that they've already established regulars of all sorts.
"Glee": When last we saw Shelby Corcoran (Idina Menzel), she was revealing that she's Rachel's mother, and then she adopted Quinn's baby. Never a dull moment around ol' McKinley High, is there? Shelby returns this week, but to do what, I'm not quite sure. If it's any help, the episode is titled, "I Am Unicorn." (8 p.m., KPTV)
"Amber was the love of my life," Anton said. "She was taken from us way too soon."
The highlight of Friday, which was mostly spent working in my hotel room, was going to see Harvard play Penn at the Palestra. I can't stress this enough: If you ever get a chance to see a game at the Palestra, do it. It's a marvelous venue, old but not antiquated and dripping with history. It feels like the whole place is naturally sepia-toned. A Philadelphia colleague told me the worst thing the Atlantic 10 ever did was move the conference tournament out of the Palestra. Yes, the closest parking is about 3 blocks away and I'm sure the locker room facilities are lacking, but it's just a great place to watch a game.
Nash said he had developed a good relationship with Mercer when they renegotiated the union contract in 1982 so the company could retrofit the plant to produce radial tires. "He gave me confidence in the company," Nash said.
Erie Affiliates Inc., Willoughby: Up to $1,274,740 from the General Services Administration's Public Buildings Service, Springfield, Ill., for systems lighting upgrades at the Dayton Federal Building and the federal courthouse in Dayton under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
Hoffenheim says goalkeeper Daniel Haas and striker Srdjan Lakic will leave the club at the end of the season.
If Brad Speierman offers to pick your numbers in the next Mega Millions drawing, you may want to listen to him. In August, the Hammond coach said that "as the season goes along, this team will get better and might surprise a few teams down the stretch."
Iofemi Hightower and Dashon Harvey, 20, and Terrance Aeriel, 18, all died from gunshot wounds to the head that evening. Natasha Aeriel was also shot in the head, but survived. She testified in court on Thursday.
The immigration measure makes it a state crime to be in Arizona illegally and requires police and other law-enforcement officials to check documents of people they reasonably suspect to be illegal.
Treehouse said The Social + Capital Partnership led today's round, with Greylock Discovery Fund participating.
The plan is part of a redesign that began in 2009 when Mayor Michael Bloomberg banned cars from parts of the square and pedestrian plazas were installed.
"I am extremely happy," said Thrasher, now 78, living in Detroit and still singing, recording on his own label and running a toilet-tissue business. "God has blessed me to become a famous individual after all."
When O'Connor got into foul trouble in the regional final, Lewis came in off the bench and tossed in 10 points.
"My translation of that," said safety expert Ditlow, "is that the U.S. didn't know what was going on in Europe."
You can toast the bread and prepare the crab salad several hours ahead in this recipe by Tara Duggan. When the bread has cooled completely, wrap tightly. This recipe allows you to make open-faced rounds or tea sandwich triangles.
Rising pension costs, the result of politicians' promises stretching back decades, threaten to gobble up state and city budgets. Emanuel suggested Illinois look at changes Rhode Island adopted last year that included suspending cost of living adjustments for retirees, upping the retirement age and requiring workers to go into a new retirement plan.
'Zumba'
Patricia Gardner, planning chairwoman for the Pearl District Neighborhood Association, said some residents have expressed concern that the Loo will increase illegal activity and bring more transients to the area.
Of Spain's three million government employees, around half are career civil servants who can be fired only under extraordinary circumstances. But the rest face an uncertain situation, as the central government has set strict budget-reduction guidelines that leave local administrations with few choices other than cutting headcount.
I'm getting used to that change, but it's still an issue.
Homeownership has for decades represented a tangible sign of comfort, an investment that grew in value and sentiment over time.
The protest camp near the Defense Ministry began Saturday with only Abu Ismail supporters but they were later joined by die-hards from various pro-democracy groups. The protesters' number would swell to up to two or three thousands in the evenings but stayed around 1,000 during the days.
1 in 300 -- The number of registry members in the United States who will be selected as the best possible donor for a patient. Of those, more than half (57 percent) will go on to donate to a patient.
Harold E. Thayer, 1972
Guadalupe "Lupita" Villalobos ran a storefront botanica where Virgin of Guadalupe statuettes sat beside grinning Saint Death skeletons. She would threaten to turn neighbors into toads, and her clients believed she could divine the future by studying snail shells scattered on a tabletop.
"Summer league has given him an opportunity to show his skill level and show people that he's ready to go to the next level."
"I would characterize our work at this point as study and experiment," said Loughlin, who noted that Hearst magazines have more than 600,000 paid digital subscribers and that the number is growing about 10% a month.
That's a recipe for stagnation, not growth.
The Sisters of Charity Hospital System is ready to bring its expertise in health literacy to the table, Chief Medical Officer Dr. Giesele Robinson Greene said following Monday's hearing.
Jing Zhang was suitably generous as the Fairy Godmother, leading a sprightly entourage that included notable performances from a languorous Cynthia Sheppard as Summer and vibrant Amy Marie Briones as Autumn.
Culture Clash improv group, 1 p.m. Sunday (Etc. Stage)
19 Southern Miss
Attorney Craig Sonner and Hal Uhrig said at a news conference they haven't heard from George Zimmerman since Sunday. They said that against their advice, Zimmerman contacted the special prosecutor who will decide if he should face charges. A spokeswoman for Angela Corey's office didn't immediately respond to an email and two phone calls.
The votes totaled 10,236 (55.71 percent) against the proposition and 8,138 (44.29 percent) for, according to unofficial election results.
The survey also underscores President Barack Obama's challenge over the next nine months in winning Florida a second time. Only 43 percent of all Florida voters have a favorable impression of Obama, and 41 percent have an unfavorable opinion. Forty-nine percent disapprove of the president's job performance and 46 percent approve.
"For a school in Eugene, Oregon, to be able to go to the Bay Area or Texas, go to a combine that would have 500 or 600 athletes, was a real boon for us," Bellotti said.
In a large slow cooker, combine the onions and olive oil. Stir well to coat, then cover and cook on high for 6 to 8 hours, or until well browned and caramelized.
"Getting (Zimmerman) back in the lineup will be huge for this team," he said, knowing someone will be dropped from the roster when that happens.
Kael Losi had 15 kills and five blocks while Grant Townsend added 44 assists for the Mariners, who will face No. 1-seed Mount Madonna on Thursday at 7 p.m. at Harbor High.
But the Union Leader endorsement is a strong platform for Gingrich to have. When the paper endorsed John McCain in the 2008 primary, it ran a series of front-page opinion pieces alternately praising the Arizona senator and criticizing Romney.
In Illinois, the state's testing company had two dozen monitors at 54 schools out of nearly 4,500 in the state during the Illinois Standards Achievement Test this month. The company, Pearson, tried to send representatives to 22 districts this year, said Mary Fergus, spokeswoman for the Illinois Board of Education.
"You can't just turn around and come home," Polk said.
Employee contributions: No change to current 10 percent
Verizon Wireless, based in Basking Ridge, New Jersey, is 55 percent-owned by Verizon and 45 percent-owned by Vodafone Group Plc, based in Newbury, England.
Remove the lemon slices from the sugar-water mixture, shaking briefly to remove any excess liquid, and arrange them in an overlapping pattern on the center of the tart. Transfer the tart to a serving plate and serve at room temperature.
Under the new rules, commissioners will need to submit receipts and proof that expenses were county-related to the Board of Ethics. The board will then decide whether to reimburse commissioners. Purchasing alcoholic beverages is specifically forbidden under the new standards.
Lambrecht, who lives in Addison, is a classic example. He recalled his onstage proposal while wearing a hat he bought at Six-Corners.
The producers' hands are sure to be hovering just above the seven-second-delay button when the foul-mouthed musical "The Book of Mormon" comes up for the 14 prizes it is nominated for.
There's state and federal Occupational Safety and Health and the state Employment Development Department, which want paperwork for the farm's one full-time worker.
During the weeklong occupation, the Santa Ana Police Department didn't ticket any of the protesters or the homeless who slept in the civic center. On Tuesday about 5:30 a.m., however, the police moved in and began issuing warnings.
Doug Collins should be sending thank-you notes to Milwaukee.
"We were fired up at the beginning. We made some errors in the first set and looked at each other, and after the start of the second we were ready to go," Tillie said. "We got fired up and played our game a little more."
"I didn't think it was that far," she said. "I was pretty happy about it."
For homeowners planning to sell this year, condolences are in order.
He worked the Chicago club scene in the early '40s, most visibly with jazz violinist Stuff Smith. Moving to New York in 1944, he played with the likes of Ben Webster, Milt Jackson and Erroll Garner in the jazz mecca of 52nd Street. Levy also backed Billie Holiday in her legendary sold-out Comeback Concert at Carnegie Hall in 1948.
No results yet on the North Bergen school tax levy question, which if passed, would result in a $65-a-year hike for owners of properties in the township assessed at $140,000.
A Stoughton Drive resident, Southworth owns Cleveland's North Haven Settlements, LLC, a "structured settlement and financial planning firm that assists litigants, providing resources to both parties to foster and facilitate settlement negotiations."
- The trial of Anders Behring Breivik was interrupted briefly Friday by a spectator who hurled a shoe at the confessed mass killer and yelled "go to hell" before being escorted from the court room, witnesses said.
"The Great Despiser" will do nothing to slow Pug's growing reputation as a keen eye, sharp pen and a singer capable of cutting through the melancholy of a Sunday morning. And now those songs are joined by a growing cast of musicians.
Although the Haitian quake occurred along a fault that had seen no major event for 250 years, both Chile and Turkey are prone to devastating quakes.
The controversy that has erupted over methane emissions from shale gas production raises a difficult issue that deserves examination in the light of evidence that it might be compounding the global-warming problem.
QUOTE TO NOTE: "I don't know what was going on. It was weird. I would bump into friends and they would ask me if I had retired." -- OF Johnny Damon, who went unsigned as a free agent during the offseason until signing with the Indians on April 17.
After serving in Vietnam, Calder attended Harvard and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He went to work for Digital Equipment Corp. as an engineer. In 1981, he left Digital Equipment to carve full time.
Their bodies were eventually found in 10 to 15 feet of water and 7 feet from each other, not far from the fishing poles.
Peterson had found in earlier work that children could remember traumatic experiences vividly: Kids as young as 7 or 8 remembered extraordinary events that had happened to them five years earlier. She then tested whether more mundane memories stuck with kids, too.
Do nonathletes get this injury? This injury isn't unique to pro athletes. Usually it's the "weekend warrior" or "do-it-yourself" home-maintenance activities that are the culprit for the rest of us.
Wells Fargo bank spokeswoman Jennifer Langan confirmed Monday the employee was Chronda Guyton.
"This has been a long fought battle, but this failed and discriminatory law will now be history," said Joe Solmonese, president of the Human Rights Campaign.
Just ask the Broncos' first pick, former University of Cincinnati defensive tackle Derek Wolfe who was voted 2011 Big East Conference co-defensive player of the year.
Fulton co-founder Ryan Petz said the Minnesota brewery scene is just catching up to states like Colorado and Oregon, where taprooms are old news. "For years they've been so far ahead of us," he said. He recently took a craft-beer sojourn to the Rocky Mountain state to visit a half-dozen breweries. Back home, Petz got chills on the first day he opened Fulton's taproom.
8. Find a home.
Former Pinal County Supervisor Bryan Martyn, an ally of Gov. Jan Brewer's in the battle for a planned Florence copper mine, was named state parks director last month despite being one of the least qualified candidates for the job, records obtained by The Arizona Republic show.
Groupon's stock plunged nearly 17 percent Monday after the Chicago daily deals site reported late Friday in a regulatory filing that it's having trouble with its financial controls and lowered its fourth-quarter earnings statement - the first results it had reported as a public company.
On April 20, a lawyer hired by the township held a hearing on the charges, and on May 20 found Bryan guilty of four charges and recommended a five-day suspension without pay.
No other sport allows it. (OK, baseball allows it but there's no advantage.) Imagine if football didn't have a play clock. Games should be decided by the players on the court.
Lonely Christmas Call, George Jones - One of the saddest voices in country music sings one of his most mournful songs, the tale of a father and children left behind: "The kids are lonely here without you, even wrote Santa about you," Jones sings.
The council's action Tuesday supersedes a freeze on permits for demolition of all commercial and industrial structures that the council imposed on Dec. 20 with an expiration date of Jan. 31.
ERNIE DAVIS vs. Ray Chapman: Bobby Mitchell traded for Davis; Chapman replaced by future Hall of Famer Joe Sewell.
Panelists stressed that people should be tested to make sure they don't have HIV before starting therapy with Truvada. Patients who already have the virus and begin taking Truvada could develop a resistance to the drug, making their disease even more difficult to treat. The experts grappled with how to protect patients while avoiding hurdles that could discourage them from seeking treatment.
Wasson started at Meramec in 1985 as an economics instructor. Nine years later, he was named chairman of the administration/economics department.
According to the US Census Bureau, the majority of small business owners are non-employed (meaning no employees) and many are selling services from consulting, coaching, design, financial, IT, etc. to other small businesses. The question for these individuals as well as others engaged in business to consumer (B2C) or business to retail (B2R) is how to effectively market and ultimately increase sales.
Mola, who said he has not seen the mural, said the building inspector told the artists to paint over the work because it violated local ordinances. He could not specify which ones.
Meanwhile, a venture led by Kushner Cos. last week bought a troubled portfolio of 4,681 units in Ohio, Indiana and Western Pennsylvania. The seller, Prudential Mortgage Capital Co., ...
However, now that there are these designated routes, why is it there are some who still insist upon riding their bike on the sidewalk, especially where there is a lot of foot traffic?
The accident was initially reported as a fatality, but OSP later sent out a correction, noting that one person was seriously hurt and had been flown to a Portland-area hospital.
Meanwhile, Herb Gibson, Denver-area director for the U.S. Department of Labor's Occupational Safety and Health Administration, anticipates his open investigation of worker exposures to benzene will continue for several months.
"We understand that there are barriers related to income and geography and other factors," said Brian Henley, director of admissions at the University of Oregon. "I do think that race and ethnicity are an important part of how we define diversity, but there are many other parts as well."
Pitt coach Dave Wannstedt also reached out to Rutgers coach Greg Schiano to tell him the Panthers are pulling for LeGrand.
Now that he has better command of his secondary pitches, Motte should be fine as the closer. But the proof will come after he has a bad game or a series of bad games. How quickly can he rebound? That answer is unknown.
"His slider is hard," Luhnow said. "His fastball is real hard. So he needs something to keep (hitters) on their toes."
He positioned his plane behind her Cessna twin-engine plane and they prepared for their final approach. His commands grew more urgent: "Turn left. Turn left. Left turn, Helen, turn left. Bring the nose up. That's it, that's it."
Dog people must wake up on these slowly brightening mornings, lie in bed contemplating the arduous task ahead, and then teeter on mountains of snow before having that first cup of coffee. We hope our beast chooses to go quickly on whatever patch of ice smells familiar.
"They are all free citizens," Hu quoted the police officers as saying. "For them to come to Beijing and so on, there is nothing illegal about it. They are free to do so. They did not do anything wrong, they have no legal trouble. We just want to understand the situation and verify it."
Organizers briefed reporters about the march on Tuesday. They say they predict upward of 50,000 marchers will come from around the country.
One such victim was a gray 2002 Toyota Corolla brought into the shop Tuesday. Its driver lost control, careened off a road and slid under a fence, causing deep gashes and other damage.
"There is no coming back for more. We did what was asked of us. ... I wouldn't spend another dime in discussion with you. I would sue the hell out of you every step of the way."
Penn won his first Academy Award for Best Actor in 2003 for "Mystic River" and his second in 2009 for "Milk."
What: For hundreds of years, more than seven generations of the Ly family have brewed their own baijiu, or "white liquor," while living in small villages in China and North Vietnam. They still use this brown-rice-based spirit for medicinal purposes, in celebrations and, of course, when they want the occasional nip.
There's no lineup yet, but the Allman Brothers Band will be on the bill, along with an assortment of bands influenced by the Allman's Southern rock style.
The first time I saw this scientific inclination was just after the recent 40 days and nights of rain. The sun was out, the windows were down and the car filled with cut-grass-scented air. On the highway, wind buffeted us violently, but we were all so happy to see the sun again no one cared. My two oldest boys were in the very back of our station wagon, watching the world speed away from them. The air flowing into the car circulates wildly in the back, and the boys love it: their hair flies this way and that and they giggle as we travel. So much better than the bickering I hear when the windows are up and they're bored.
Here are some suggestions - from the simple to the complex - to transform your ceilings from drab white squares into the focal point of a room.
That depends on how you define productive.
Moderate
"Who's there?" responded the crowd of about 200.
Montero said he would have been OK with the play if it were just a hard slide, but he thought Harper intentionally slapped the ball loose.
With a special visit from alumnus Gary Neal and a phalanx of local politicans, Towson University performed a ceremonial groundbreaking Tuesday for $68 million Tiger Arena, due to open in 2013.
Raising alcohol taxes would have a big effect on adolescents and heavy drinkers, but many problem users of alcohol would have enough money to keep guzzling. Some of them like to drink and drive, or drink and beat up other people. Telling them not to misbehave does not do much good, because being drunk makes them less responsive to the threat of criminal penalties. So we need to find ways of preventing drinking among the relatively small group of people who behave very badly when they drink.
It was the first of three big gigs for Huckins' crew this summer. Later this month, Filmusik lands on the roof of the Hotel deLuxe, where the musicians will play an original piece by composer Scott Ordway for the '50s space-opera "Missile to the Moon" -- part of the Northwest Film Center's "Top Down: Rooftop Cinema" series.
Or, is he right? Do we simply need different things? You know the drill ... I feel, so often, that we are perfectly in tune; it's as if we invented love. But being realistic, I wonder - is it worth it?
Missouri St. falls to No. 24 Wichita St.
Darryl Alston of Detroit grew up with Brown's mother and uncle and said the deaths of Brown and Conaway brought people together and made them realize it is time for a change.
Cutler led a strong effort by Timberland, which also qualified as a team. Aside from Cutler's 75, Jackson Lane (77), Josh O'Hearn (81), Travis Long (84) and Jon Roberson (86) led the Wolves to a second-place finish.
WellCare can only blame so much on the broader Wall Street meltdown. Investor appeal was dampened by a lingering, 18-month Medicaid fraud investigation. Earlier this month, WellCare agreed to pay $80 million to settle the federal probe and avoid conviction on a charge of conspiracy to defraud the Florida Medicaid program and the Florida Healthy Kids Corp.
The Gamblers swept the United States Hockey League's Eastern Conference finals in three games.
"He was a cool dude," Boulud said. "He was wearing cowboy boots in the kitchen. ... For a French guy like me, the cowboy boots were not a standard in the kitchen."
Kegler Brown: Jeffrey Miller joined the law firm's Cleveland office to expand its labor and employee relations, corporate and litigation practices.
Dr. Berman is a New York Times best-selling author of many books on sexual health and pleasure and a weekly columnist for the Chicago Sun Times. She has appeared on Fox News and CNN and in The New York Times, USA Today, and every major woman's magazine.
"We have in Washington a malady that affects so many there -- not your senator, but many others, who somehow think it's OK to spend money that they don't have," Romney told the employees of a medical device manufacture gathered in the suburb of Cincinnati.
It used to be that property would be taxed at its real market value. Measure 50 changed that, rolling back taxes to their 1995 levels, minus 10 percent, and limiting increases. It did provide for exceptions, which has led to the creation of special districts that provide everything from fire protection to library services.
Most years, Barr would dominate Clark County's catcher conversation, but this is an unusual senior class. Just to the west of Camas is another catcher who could be selected high in the major league draft: Union's Clint Coulter.
"Sometimes (as a coach), if you take the blame for it, it makes the team feel like you are with them," said Aldridge, a co-captain. "But if you are always 'This is y'all, this is y'all, this is y'all' -- and I love Nate -- but I think that was one of the things that made guys stop listening."
If she's fond of mimosas: "Upgrade" her to Bellinis, a blend of Prosecco and white peach juice or nectar. The Mionetto Valdobbiadene Prosecco Superiore drinks way above its $19 price tag, with plenty of crispness and verve.
Event: Cave Creek, Windsor Square home tours
"You've got to stay disciplined because they have a good power play. At the same time, we're not going to back down. We haven't backed down from anyone all year. We'll continue to play physical, and we anticipate they will do the same. That's playoff hockey for you. We've just got to stick together and just play the right way, which is how we've been doing it all year."
If you want to try a cough suppressant while waiting to see a doctor, Robitussin works fairly well. It might get you through the night without waking your wife.
-- How can I apply for PreCheck enrollment? For now, you can't; entry is by invitation only ("Don't call us; we'll call you.")
LaJeunesse denounced Beijing for continuing to clamp down on Internet dissent, noting how central authorities shut down most Internet and cell phone access in the western Xinjiang region after deadly ethnic riots there in July 2009.
But the soldier uttered that phrase "in the context that he was in custody in jail and not in the sense of 'I did something terrible,' " said Seattle attorney Lance S. Rosen, who is representing Kari Bales in dealings with the media.
Albeit inappropriately, that was one of the few moments Mizzou remotely matched KSU's intensity. And as Denmon implored the team afterward, on the road, "You've got to exceed their intensity."
Other choices include Colorful Chemistry (chromatography, flame test, fun chemistry), Shrinky Dink (playing with plastics), Startish (building a biome, creating creatures) and Create and Design Your Own Shirt (color theory).
IN THE OTHER CORNER:
Water testing conducted by the Maryland Department of Natural Resources shows skyrocketing levels of chlorophyll, the molecule plants use to turn sunlight into energy, and plummeting levels of oxygen in waters near Brooklyn and Cherry Hill. Both are classic signs of algae blooms.
Jerry Chosak, Owings Mills
Late in regulation time, Sproles had a 25-yard punt return and then the Chargers moved from the Colts 37 into position for Kaeding's tying kick.
Coming up
Taken as a package, they will achieve the required savings and eliminate our $2 billion budget gap.
Mary Mooney, 76, of New Providence, passed away on Wednesday, July 14, 2010.
"Everything hinges on that," he said. "East Cleveland is horrific. If we don't stop the bleeding, it's going to lead to worse things. Whole streets are nearly vacant, and we can rehab those homes."
Crowe had a goal and an assist and Perry, Bohn and Daboll also had goals, but the JVs dropped a 7-4 decision to Mountain View a few days earlier. Goalkeeper Patrick Keane had five saves in the loss to the Spartans.
As the edge of the slick drifted within seven miles of Pensacola's beaches, emergency workers rushed to link the last in a miles-long chain of booms designed to fend off the oil. They were stymied by thunderstorms and wind before the weather cleared in the afternoon.
The money rush will be intense - and temporary. The government required each miner to designate someone to receive their $1,600 monthly salary, and opened bank accounts that only the miners themselves can access.
The top-ranked Baylor Lady Bears completed their historic run at the Pepsi Center Tuesday night, pulling away from Notre Dame, 80-61, for the national title and an unprecedented 40-0 record.
That would have stripped the restaurants of the cash they needed to pay for food and employees. To avert that, he filed the first of 29 business reorganization cases in bankruptcy court on Nov. 6.
Lopez's rebound rate (11.2 per 48 minutes) ranked 53rd in the league but that is largely because of his work on the offensive end. He nearly grabbed as many offensive boards (90) as defensive ones (119) this season but defensive rebounding is an absolute necessity for the Suns to improve next season.
It would take four wins for the Blazers to repeat as Division II state champions.
He told Dawson to "take the comments you get with a grain of salt," and asked the other residents in attendance to take a look at political views that differ from what they're used to from the town.
"He wins even during Republican landslides," as in 2010, noted Holbrook.
9. "Castle," ABC, 11.52 million viewers
The ambulance was eastbound on Interstate 70, near Cave Springs, en route to St. Luke's Hospital. Its emergency lights were on.
According to police, while on patrol in the Flanders section of township on April 28, Officer Thomas Cuff saw a 1998 Honda motorcycle traveling south on Route 206 at 65 mph in a 45 mph zone and conducted a vehicle stop at 10:08 p.m.
Below are the sponsors and the vice chairs for host committee. Verizon should also be included, but they have not yet designated a vice chair:
Across the country, annual mail volume has declined by more than 43 billion pieces in the past five years and is continuing to decline, according to the Postal Service website.
All three will bring stability to the back line.
A questionnaire that the Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools (TAPPS) sent to Houston's Iman Academy SW in 2010 inquired as to whether Muslims believe the Bible is corrupt, what school officials thought about Christmas, and the "spread of Islam in America." School officials then were grilled in person about the Koran and the proposed Ground Zero mosque before TAPPS ultimately denied them membership.
But they are too hot to contain life as we know it, with calculated temperatures of about 1,400 degrees and 800 degrees Fahrenheit, he said.
On the presidential campaign trail, Mitt Romney called on Obama last weekend to fire his energy secretary, interior secretary and Environmental Protection Agency administrator, dubbing them "the gas-hike trio." Fellow Republican Newt Gingrich promised to roll the price of gas back to $2.50 a gallon if he is elected.
The federal government banned interstate shipments of switchblades in 1958. Many states, including Michigan, followed suit with bans, but several, such as New Hampshire and South Dakota, have in recent years repealed them.
The mechanism to accomplish that is the residential exchange. While ostensibly a power swap, it actually entails Bonneville cutting a check to those companies, which pass along the savings as a credit on their customers' monthly bills.
So here comes Roy, who is dealing with a pair of knees that look 40ish. Due to a series of injuries and surgeries, the guy has no meniscus, which leaves him bone on bone. And he's currently shut down by the team to determine if his knees will "quiet down" with some rest.
The quarter ended on a low note, as continued worries over oil prices, slowing economic growth and the Federal Reserve's plans for raising interest rates have combined to hold stocks back for most of this year.
Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger (D-Md.), a co-sponsor of the bill alongside Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Mich.), has sought to address the concerns over the inclusion of intellectual property, which happened to be the contentious focal point of the defunct SOPA legislation.
Google is hoping to differentiate its storage service by equipping it with more convenient and powerful tools. The service will draw upon the company's expertise in Internet technology for text and images to make it easier to find data quickly. It also includes optical character recognition that can search for specific words contained in scanned newspapers or other sources.
4. Don't use your chopsticks to skewer or poke the food.
The steep price ($5) matches the terrain, but Muni passholders can ride for free.
"It's something our family has always done," Marcus said. "Something to help. Anyone who can do it should do it."
The stunned hospital administrator smiled broadly and said yes while Kasich's staffers looked surprised by the governor's offer. It's not unusual for Kasich to come with off-the-cuff, unscripted moments, and this was one of them.
Shriver, who announced in 2003 that he had Alzheimer's disease, had been hospitalized for several days. The family said he died surrounded by those he loved.
A change in work
Poland, a nation of 38 million people, is by far the largest of the 10 formerly communist countries that have joined the European Union in recent years.
Key player: Suns guard Sebastian Telfair scored 13 points in 16 minutes, outplaying Steve Nash in the first half and replacing him defensively on Chris Paul down the stretch.
Montero caught 22 innings in the big leagues last summer. He threw out one of five who tried to steal and did not commit an error, but as much as manager Joe Girardi favors a catcher who excels in all aspects of the defensive game, from pitch calling and leadership to blocking balls and framing pitches on the corners, it did not seem like Montero was going to force himself behind the plate for more than spot duty in the near future.
Or, as Paul Hironaka says down the counter: "This is Japanese soul food."
Christie said benefits for public employees have driven up state spending, and he wants new laws to help municipalities and school districts pare down those costs.
So here's a shout-out to all the Pink Ladies, and the great volunteers at our area hospitals. As we celebrate the contributions of women in our community during Women's History Month, we can't forget those who brighten the lives of hospital patients and staff with their selfless service.
5. New York Red Bulls: Partnership of F Kenny Cooper and F Thierry Henry accounts for all the Red Bulls' scoring in home-opening rout of Rapids. They need it after F Juan Agudelo goes down with torn meniscus in his left knee.
Friend Lori Shindley interrupted.
Hickson has played well. He has had nine double-doubles in his last 13 games since Jan. 22.
"It sort of defies logic," said Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., who serves on the Judiciary and Armed Services committees, both of which were investigating the case. "The idea that this is the first and only time, it doesn't make sense. For something to get this out of control it has to be a ... cultural blueprint."
And in District Nine, which will be a battle among progressives, Police Commissioner David Campos has $60,000 on hand, school board President Mark Sanchez has almost $9,000, and community leader Eric Quezada has about $16,500.
"The disease is in the police department itself," he said during the City Council meeting.
Defense attorney Edward Unsell asked the judge to consider the circumstances of the crash and Ikerman's lack of any previous history of drunk driving or criminal activity. He said Ikerman had "completly cooperated" in civil litigation that resulted in monetary compensation for the victim's relatives.
Do you work through lunch, and/or eat at your desk? And does your employer have some kind of policy on such behavior?
Linebacker Terrell Suggs said, "You all saw what he did. We knew he was an outstanding player. He silenced his critics, but he has to realize they are going to be back next year."
"This airport is one of the best kept secrets around," he said. "I'd like to keep it that way."
Kowal, a Canadian who never visited the town until he joined the squad, scored the only goal for Des Moines in a season-opening 1-1 tie against Real Colorado on Friday at Valley Stadium.
Even during the economic downturn, Landshire stayed in growth mode. It completed construction this year on a new $5.4 million sandwich plant in Caseyville, which employs 200 people.
Sparano, fired near the end of last season and quickly hired by the Jets in January after parting with Brian Schottenheimer (now the offensive coordinator with the St. Louis Rams), didn't seem concerned about another dynamic: bringing in the headline-making Tebow as a backup to incumbent quarterback Mark Sanchez.
When questioned in 2004, Stiff told police he and Ragusa went to Wood River only once and said that he never saw Garrison again. He told a different story earlier this year after prosecutors offered a plea agreement that would allow him to plead guilty to second-degree murder and get a sentence of time already spent in jail, which amounts to nearly six years.
In nightclubs, Paul Winchell and Jerry Mahoney ruled, later along with Willie Tyler and Lester. Then they faded from the scene, that is, until Jeff Dunham and Terry Fator made everything old look new again.
More than 40 years ago, former Manchester Alderman and teacher Juanita McKee and her ninth-grade civics class at the school cleaned and restored the graveyard and mapped its tombstones, but the site has once again become neglected.
Part of the time they were clearing out log jams along the Corey Brook. Following Irene in August and the snow storm in October, a number of trees fell, blocking the stream and causing flooding.
Reiff, Rick. Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who writes for the O.C. Business Journal and has a weekly talk show on KOCE-T.V. Proud of the fact that in 10 years he has never missed writing his weekly column, which he pointed out when we sat together on a panel in a room full of other journalists, while at the same time helpfully noting for the crowd that I like to actually take my vacations. Kind of the same way I'm proud of the fact that in just two-and-a-half years I had already written more columns than he had in ten.
Court officials this morning said Anthony King is being treated for "medical and psychological issues" and is on Social Security for his mental disability. King said nothing in the brief arraignment before he was led out of the courtroom to return to jail.
You couldn't exactly feel the exuberance dripping from television screens showing the Kansas Jayhawks when the NCAA bracket revealed that KU is a No. 2 seed instead of a top seed. Many faces stayed stonelike, then disappointment of the second-line appointment poured through interviews with media.
Many high-end restaurants buy fish shipped directly from Japan's famed Tsukiji market, while everyday sushi joints may settle for cheaper goods that raise sustainability flags.
Fridays and Mondays were the leading days for employee no-shows, evidence that many employees are bookending their weekends to extend their time away from work.
Beginning with the 2013 season, though, the building will named the Thomas Theatre, thanks to a $4.5 million donation by a group of big-money contributors who banded together to gain the naming rights.
Pennington turned his same trick at the halftime buzzer, knocking down a long shot from almost the exact spot of his first quarter buzzer beater to give Lafayette a 25-16 lead. The only difference was this one wasn't as rushed and didn't come with a hand in his face.
If Steinbach is out, he'll most likely be replaced by rookie Jason Pinkston, a fifth-round pick who started at left guard Thursday night against the Eagles and graded out well. If Pinkston beats out a veteran such as John Greco for the job, the Browns would have two young starting guards in Pinkston and second-year player Shaun Lauvao.
Back in 1990, the most popular names were Michael and Matthew on the boys' side and Ashley and Brittany for girls.
Sen. Laurie Monnes Anderson, D-Gresham, one of the main supporters, said the move is necessary to expand access to medication for the mentally ill.
Bioidentical hormones have not been tested so thoroughly, so your doctor is erring on the side of caution. For more information on dealing with hot flashes and vaginal dryness, plus the pros and cons of hormones, we are sending you our Guide to Menopause. In it we discuss nondrug approaches such as Pycnogenol and black cohosh. Anyone who would like a copy, please send $3 in check or money order with a long (No. 10), stamped (65 cents), self-addressed envelope to:
When - Tuesday-Sunday, 11 a.m.- 4 p.m., through May 20
PUC analysts said the company could shave $3.5 million in costs for incentive compensation, $7.1 million in pension costs and $8.4 million in labor costs. They also noted NW Natural has been earning more than its authorized 10.2 percent return on equity, and recommended lowering the authorized return to 9.2 percent. That would cut another $11 million off the company's rate base.
Obama, warning a college audience that interest rates on their federal student loans could double if Congress doesn't act soon, urged students to make their voices heard on Twitter.
Over 5,000 handmade ornaments are needed to decorate the tree, which will come from Colorado's White River National Forest. Another 1,000 ornaments are needed for smaller trees that will decorate offices in Washington, D.C.
I am one of the lucky Pacificans who gets polled via phone every time a parcel tax survey is conducted. In my opinion, these surveys have been "contrived" to get the results they want. They are worded so that you do not give a "Yes/No" response. You are given two choices to reply to the multiple questions with slightly different scenarios. Are you "more likely to agree" or "less likely to agree"? With this survey, the people who paid for the poll will ensure themselves that the results show the taxpayers of Pacifica support the parcel tax. An unbiased survey would ask, "Would you support a parcel tax of $48 to help fund JUHSD"? Yes/No.
Zimmerman called Corey's office Tuesday, they said, but her employees would not talk to him.
Foreclosures fell to their lowest level since 2007 across the state, but there are still some counties where the problem is getting worse.
Their most dramatic move was to paint the kitchen brick red. Not only did they have the walls painted red, the couple followed their instincts and rolled the color on the ceiling, too.
"Now we are waiting for the case to be transferred to a criminal court in the coming few weeks, and I think he will be released after the first trial session," al-Mitairi said.
He and others camped out in a hospital waiting room.
Campbell F. Champion and his wife, Kristi, purchased a five-bedroom, five-bath, 8,421-square-foot home built in 1997 at the Biltmore Estates in Phoenix. It features a granite kitchen adjacent to a family room, a formal living room, billiards room, wine cellar, pool, spa and a cabana. The home was sold by Donna Popich, who paid $3.65 million for the home in December 2008.
Blues head coach Ken Hitchcock termed the development as progress -"Getting on the ice is progress," he said - but Halak is not ready to return. He is not expected to practice today and he's already been ruled out for Game 4 of the club's first-round playoff series against San Jose on Thursday.
"I understand that wind and solar industries are feeling pressure because this could be a big chunk of the 12.5 percent they have to invest. But AK Steel would account for just 15 percent of the total REC marketplace in 2016, if this goes through.
"It's just unbelievable. Everyone is wanting to know who it is," said Denise Metzger, manager of the Motomart where Illinois' winning ticket was sold. "All day yesterday I was selling tickets and I was hoping someone from Red Bud would win. Never in my wildest dreams did I think this. I'm just tickled pink."
"We know that if we're going to maintain our leadership in technology and innovation, our best companies need the world's brightest workers -- American workers," Obama said.
terrypluto.com
Storylines
automakers and other parts suppliers have her on speed dial, trying to line up everything from fuel pump parts to tools that make hoses. She just added six workers and may hire another five. "I see tremendous growth coming in the near-term," she says.
His campaign team and aides officially refuse to talk about a plan B. But two of his aides have taken new jobs in recent weeks, along with three senior figures in leading government ministries. Some are staying in public service in less political roles, others are taking research or academic jobs.
PHILADELPHIA -- Who knew a school cafeteria could be so much fun?
2. Help on West The Magic's halfcourt defense has been surprisingly solid so far in this series, but one area of concern revolves around the Pacers' rugged power forward, David West.
The dimly lit room painted a soothing blue "has been used constantly" since opening in January, said airport spokesman Mike McCarron. Five or six people can practice at one time.
And if Kiffin decides otherwise?
That's the funny thing about filming a TV show on location in Portland, he says. Sometimes people want autographs and photos. Other times, "People say, 'I don't watch TV, are you important?'"
Sandusky, 67, is charged with more than 50 counts of child sex-abuse involving 10 boys he met through the children's charity he founded. Penn State's longtime defensive coordinator, he was the heir apparent to coach Joe Paterno until Sandusky's unexpected retirement at age 55 in 1999.
Perhaps a call will go out to Phil Jackson or John Calipari. The latter, preparing his top-seeded Wildcats for the NCAA tournament, wrote on Twitter that he was committed to Kentucky and reaffirmed that commitment at a press conference in Louisville.
Ford won't name names. But time and again, Ford said he encountered criticism and resistance from within the company on projects as simple as establishing wildlife habitats at factories in the early 1990s to the introduction of the Ford Escape hybrid in 2004.
It also brought a peaceful end to a year-long battle over spending by passing a $1 trillion-plus catchall budget bill that wraps together the day-to-day budgets for 10 Cabinet departments and military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. The House passed the measure Friday, and the White House has signaled that Obama will sign it.
Sen. Kevin Lundberg, Berthoud: "I'm trying not to be distracted by a third-party problem, and I'm not convinced it's going to play itself out. I hope Tom Tancredo will exercise the same judgment he demanded of the Republican candidates in his ultimatum and relinquish his candidacy if he's not leading in the polls."
- The last of 11 band members charged in the hazing death of a Florida A&M drum major has turned herself in to authorities.
The space was used by previous owners as a ballroom dance studio. Today, it's one of their favorite spots to gather with family and friends - especially on movie nights and football games in an eight-seat movie theater.
Anthony Levandowski, who built a robotic vehicle to deliver pizzas in San Francisco before becoming the business head for Google's driverless car program, will also speak.
And one day, his kids will know what he means about keeping their word.
One of the first questions she asked was about the pain.
When the volcano erupted, 11 people were at the terminal sleeping in the facility's "safe haven" area, Ficken said. The building, built on a platform about 100 yards off the terminal's aircraft runway, is equipped with its own power, food and water.
In 1984, when he was head of the city's SWAT squad, a gunman killed 21 people at a McDonald's restaurant in San Ysidro. The gunman was threatening to kill more when Sanders gave the green light that allowed a police sniper to kill him.
Rating is based on food, service and ambience, with price taken into account in relation to quality. ****: Outstanding on every level. ***: Excellent. **: Very good. *: Good. No star: Poor to satisfactory.
During the daylong observance of Cuauhtemoc's birthday, the dancers and drummers danced and whooped before the altar. A carnival-like feel was created with a market on the central plaza, complete with local foods such as wild avocados and the maguey drink pulque.
At the time, most of the wine industry ignored the issue because organic wine had a bad reputation. Wine without sulfites is prone to bacterial infections that can make it smell or taste terrible.
The road closure is to allow for installation of a sewer main. The road closure was to begin March 21.
The attack on tablets by Intel and AMD isn't without a key disclaimer: Now that Apple has proved that there's an appetite for tablet computers, both chip-makers want in.
Stefanovige died at the scene. The driver of the second vehicle, Philip Reck of York suffered moderate injuries.
UCLA neurologist Dr. Harry Vinters has reviewed Lenin's records for an annual University of Maryland School of Medicine conference that opens Friday on famous people's deaths.
McNamara said the Wayne County Charter has no provision for the commission to remove the executive, so any vote would be advisory at best.
They "talked" for about three minutes. "At the end," she said, "it was very clear that's where we were." They closed the conversation by her saying goodbye in words, him saying it in music.
However, in some cities and towns it can, and is allowed, to go faster and have larger engines. For example, in Kansas, the engine can go up to 130 cc, which is 7.9 cubic inches, allowing it to perhaps go up to around 35 mph. The age requirements also vary in different states and countries, as well as laws pertaining to helmets. In the scenario you have described in your question, the moped is the safest and most logical choice the school district could make.
And Tseng had already beaten Woods last year when she became the youngest pro golfer to win a fifith major championship; she was 22 years 6 months when she won the 2011 British Open. Woods was 24 years 7 months when he won his fifth, the 2000 PGA Championship.
A self-taught legal activist, Chen gained recognition among human rights campaigners at home and abroad for crusading for the disabled and fighting against forced abortions in his rural community. His dramatic flight from abusive house arrest to the U.S. Embassy in Beijing last month, the bargaining over his fate and the arrangements that may let Chen and his family go the U.S. made him the focus of global news.
Jittery traders have pushed the market around in ways more reminiscent of the huge swings of a year ago than the smoother advance stocks have seen since the early spring. The Dow has gained or lost more than 100 points in six out of the last seven days. The last time the Dow had as long a streak of triple-digit moves was in late March, shortly after major stock indexes bounced off 12-year lows.
Jacquie Kaner weighs 125 pounds, is as strong as an ox and a major gym rat. She is our navigator and loves to study maps and routes. She always knew where we were. Blanch Kosche is around 130 pounds and trains by walking to the store and carrying her groceries home in her backpack. She cracked two ribs a month before our trip, which meant she couldn't breathe deeply for a while. But she just kept walking. Blanch is our domestic. She had a plastic bag, a string or a bungee cord for every possible occasion. She even carried a miniature wire whisk to whip up her dried milk.
Audio-sharing service SoundCloud released a redesigned version of its Web application Wednesday, using the occasion to tout significant growth in its user numbers.
Sheriff's officials are asking anyone with information about the burglaries to call 1-855-TIP-OCCS or 855-847-6227.
Women's College Basketball--NCAA Division I Tournament, Texas A&M vs. Maryland, 11 a.m. (ESPN); Notre Dame vs. St. Bonaventure, 1:30 p.m. (ESPN2); Connecticut vs. Penn State, 3:30 p.m. (ESPN2); Gonzaga vs. Kentucky, 6 p.m. (ESPN2)
And guess what? Buckle your seat belts, because these are the guys who are going to be driving this ride for the rest of the season.
"Ooh-rah," he texted back. "I sure did, dad."
Arthur T. Vanderbilt II is a partner at the law firm of Carella Byrne in Roseland.
Police believed from the start that Sneiderman was targeted, based on the manner in which he was killed. As time passed, theories abounded, with some speculating that the daring and cool murder was a professional hit.
The one concern is that all of his starts have come as a 3-year-old. Every Kentucky Derby winner since 1882 has raced as a 2-year-old, but Baffert hopes that changes today.
One of the first things she asks is how many planes were involved in the September 11th terrorist attacks. Too often, she said, students say three, forgetting about the fourth one involved in the Pennsylvania crash.
Remove the whip and shake off most of the egg mixture back into the bowl. Change to a flat-paddle attachment. Scrape down the sides of the bowl.
"My administration stands ready to work with AMP to expedite the permitting process and to bring these good jobs to Ohioans."
If you want to shrink your carbon footprint when you check into a hotel, you may be better off staying at a mid-range or budget chain hotel.
"I was impressed with him," said Baker.
There are no bad seats in the 550-capacity Hanna, home of Great Lakes Theater Festival, thanks to the "thrust" configuration of the stage, which juts out into the audience chamber. The seats, arranged on steeply raked tiers around the stage, are no farther than 12 rows from the action. And you have your choice of the kind of seat you'd like. Almost all the regular theater chairs are wider and the rows farther apart than standard. The balcony and historic boxes (neither recommended for the vertiginous) have dining-room type chairs. You can perch on a barstool or slouch in a chair around a table of friends in the bar and lounge seating areas. Or, perhaps best of all, try one of the club chairs (Row L, orchestra) or cozy banquettes (just behind the club chairs) for a completely relaxed eagle-eye view; both come complete with a shelf to park your glass of wine or pint of ale. Now, bring on the Shakespeare. -- Tony Brown, Plain Dealer Theater Critic
Now, the budget cutting will be Fisher's job.
After the last E Street tour, he was summoned to record with yet another Rock Hall inductee, Jerry Lee Lewis, on lap steel, a 6-string guitar with Hawaiian origins that's played flat on the lap, with a grooved metal slide bar.
Researchers have found the thick dust and debris plume resulting from the collapse of the World Trade Center contained a toxic mix of compounds including asbestos, lead, and partially burned or unburned jet fuel that have long raised concerns over the long-term health of rescue workers, nearby residents and commuters who were exposed to it in the days following the terrorist attacks.
A salary analysis published by the Maryland State Department of Education shows that city principals have trailed behind their counterparts across Maryland for the past four years.
Next, separate the body from the shell by pushing the body upward until it pops out of the shell. Throw away the stomach sac, mouth, intestines and gills, then scoop and scrape out the brown meat.
District 2
Of the dozens of commercial edging products available, probably the one used most often locally are long metal strips. Several times a year I face the unpleasant task of digging up clumps of bluegrass that have breached this product that lies between the neighbor's lawn and my flower beds. What the edging does show me is exactly where the property line lies, and it gives me a straight edge to work with. (What slows the grass in its trespassing march is a thick layer of organic mulch on my side of the fence.)
CrashPlan backs up your newest files first on the assumption those mean the most to you, and it encrypts all files, so file names can't be read on remote servers or backup computers. I liked CrashPlan's straightforward user interface because it clearly showed me what my data were doing and where it was being stored. A section labeled "Destinations" let me choose where data was backed up and options included "CrashPlan Central" (remote servers), "Friend," "Another Computer" or "Folder." A section labeled "Files" showed exactly what was being stored; in my case, this meant 285,930 files. An "Inbound" section showed any computers that were using my computer for backup.
A financial task force met throughout 2011 to develop a laundry list of recommendations on how to resolve the city's ongoing budget crisis but didn't specifically advocate for the creation of a library district.
While Hanson and others have prevailed in court, the cases can take years to resolve, with no assurance of winning. Meanwhile, debts grow, often at double-digit interest.
Where: Walt Disney World's Fort Wilderness campground.
"Invacare wants to assure users and the general public that we rigorously test our products and stand fully behind the safety of our products," Blouch stated. "The FDA warning letter does not state that our products are unsafe nor has it impacted our production. The letter is related to documentation procedures. We take all FDA matters very seriously, and we intend to address all of the FDA's concerns."
After a rest day Tuesday, the race returns to Italy with a 20-mile time trial in Verona on Wednesday.
"The concern I hear most often is that there are not enough staff to have checks and balances," she said.
Because continuing to do nothing is far too costly - in both financial and human terms.
Guests were then treated to a screening of "The Hunger Games," which has grossed nearly $337 million since its March 23 opening.
None of those will be easily accomplished, nor will a salutary call for a second look at tax rollbacks on real estate, which shift part of homeowners' tax bills to all Ohio taxpayers. But tough times call for tough choices -- and the resolve to make them.
"I'm here today to ask you to do one thing," Grant said. "Be fair. Do not judge people by what you don't know, but by what you do know."
The Missouri Department of Transportation has cancelled the planned closure of two eastbound lanes of Highway 40 (Interstate 64) near downtown St. Louis this weekend.
"Everybody fed off that play right there, and it brought the team up so everybody started making plays right there," Smith said.
Calvert missed playing when the Wolverines headed to Las Vegas for a tournament, where they were 3-1 in finishing 7-2 before the mandatory holiday break, and he became a de facto assistant coach. He said being forced to watch the game allowed him to see the entire court and what had to be done in certain situations.
Mt. Hood Conference
County officials said the outpost had plumbing and a septic system. Chen told me this week he built it fearing intruders. "We are (at our home) in the dark in the evening," said Chen, a developer. "People drank in the area." His fears sound valid. But building an outpost on parkland?
At least 85 structures across Detroit, some abandoned, were destroyed or scorched as flames from Tuesday's fires jumped from rooftop to rooftop, swelled by winds of up to 50 mph. The fires swept though several neighborhoods, including some that were well-tended and others filled with deteriorating vacant houses and weed-filled lots.
Thomas reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Julie Pace, Stephen Ohlemacher and Jack Gillum in Washington contributed to this report.
"I was a little bit disappointed, but my body got to the point to tell me to stop pushing," said Gardner, 40, who appeared on "The Biggest Loser" last year. "I have my health back and that's what's important."
2 tbsp. oil
His mother, Shelby Dasher, remained in jail on a second-degree murder charge. Her mother, Christine Dasher, and Tyler's father, Joe Ellington, and Joe Ellington's parents, Shirley and Johnny Ellington, shared tearful embraces with those who attended Monday morning's Mass at St. Mark's Catholic Church, 8300 Morganford Road.
People do their own policing, often stopping strangers to ask what they're doing in the remote town, because most of the time they don't get visitors.
"Take Shelter" is brewing genuine Oscar buzz and will likely score multiple nominations. If so, it will be the first Academy Awards contender to feature key scenes at the Sparkle Market in Grafton, the Best Sand Corp. in Chardon and the Elyria Public Library.
Volunteers have been busy keeping up with the demand as items continue to be brought in. Pieces of clothing have been sorted onto racks and folded into piles by gender and size.
Manager Mike Matheny doesn't think that will happen.
At Pattonville, Fulton said the missed school day would not need to be made up later in the year. He also announced the creation of a relief fund to assist families affected by the storm.
He says these guns are perfect for protecting a home.
For the first time in his six starts on tour, Reed is in position to make some noise after a 6-under 66 in the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship. That put him ahead of some of Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson.
"If I were 20 years younger, I would take that chance, but... a lot of people order online or ask us to deliver to them. ... It's taking off by word of mouth."
Which is what makes Sunday even more important.
Velko Kostanjesek said that the success of a reef depends on the initial setup.
If the Hornets had tried to keep Paul, the four-time All Star would have been able to opt out of his current contract after the upcoming season.
The heads of the Department of the Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency are going have more prominent jobs in this administration than any of their predecessors since the 1970s, which is why I hope Robert F. Kennedy Jr. doesn't get either job. He's ridden his famous name into a career of mild kookery, including charges that President Bush stole the 2004 (yes, 2004) election and that mercury absolutely, positively causes autism. But Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger might be a good choice for either role. He's been a disappointment in many ways, with economic theories that combine the worst of John Maynard Keynes and the most misunderstood of Milton Friedman. But he is a serious environmentalist and the rare politician who could sell consumers on the sacrifices that they'll need to make. Get him away from a state budget and he'd be fine.
Two days after the Legislature had hoped to adjourn, a handful of leaders are racing to piece together a new, end-of-session stadium proposal that ditches the much-criticized expansion of charitable gambling for traditional bonding.
In 2005, the UO women's sprint tradition -- what there was of it -- was decades old and confined to a handful of individuals.
The recliners were sold at toy and children's retail stores nationwide and online from January 2009 through this month. They cost about $130.
The pact calls for a chief financial officer, a program manager and a nine-member board to oversee spending.
The arena deal was first declared dead two weeks ago, after the Maloofs met with the mayor during the NBA owners' meetings in New York and couldn't resolve their differences. This week's meetings in Sacramento came after Johnson flew to Las Vegas for a clear-the-air session with George Maloof, following a week of public finger-pointing between the two sides.
"I'm in no hurry," he said, an electricity still in his eyes, his face smacking of happy surprise. Flannery put it simply:
Oregon State head football coach Mike Riley announced Tuesday the hiring of Rod Perry as the secondary coach. Perry's appointment is contingent on Oregon State University's Administration and Human Resources' approval.
Where were the young people who have supposedly been denied their single-class dreams?
Feyenoord remain second, in a Champions League qualification place, following a 4-1 win over Heracles Almelo, one ahead of PSV Eindhoven, who were 5-0 winners over ADO Den Haag.
The Oregon Constitution provides for the governor to appoint a replacement until another treasurer is selected in November's general election. Those interested will have to act quickly. The filing deadline for candidates for the primary is Tuesday.
World Book Night is one week away. On April 23, thousands of volunteers around the country will deliver hundreds of thousands of free books to those who don't normally have access to books. The event began in Britain last year and is expected to spread to more countries in the future.
A honeymoon may be next on the happy couple's to-do list. After the wedding, Hayek and her family were spotted en route to the Marco Polo airport.
District officials are fairly straightforward about the reasons for the hike -- running a good sports program is expensive, and they need the money as salaries and operating costs increase, according to Ted Thonstad, director of operations at the Oregon City School District.
All voters should have the opportunity to decide increases for water rates, libraries, school bonds, parks and anything that affects any kind of tax increase to a homeowner. These behind-the-scene increases should be ruled undemocratic in the process of fairness. They must think no one will notice until November, when they open up their property statement.
In mid-April, the Oceanic Society plans to launch a study on whales in the bay to determine which areas they are going to most.
"It's a big problem across the board," Sloan said. "Whenever elected officials are soliciting contributions for charity, there is a coercive element to it - if they are asking for money from those doing business before them."
Each day ended with a campfire, and every campfire with the song I think about today in the context of the camps we are losing:
Bruno Mars and the Foo Fighters tied Adele with six nominations each, including in the album of the year category. Critical-darling folky act Bon Iver scored four nominations, with two in the prestigious record and song of the year categories; and dubstep star Skrillex may have been the night's biggest surprise, getting five nominations, including a bid for best new artist.
Officers tried to arrest the man, but he kept swinging the light saber at them, Simpson said. One tried to use his Taser on the suspect but the device didn't work.
My running schedule was based on two simple ideas: Add distance incrementally and push hard. The goal was to build up to 22 miles by early March, then ease off for the final two weeks before the race to give my body a chance to recover.
said that in Britain, "annual figures from Nielson BookScan show children's book sales in 2009 were up 4.9% in volume and picture book sales were up by 13% on 2008."
This South Bay park, cool and shady even at the peak of summer, offers something new this year: yurts. A yurt is a circular, domed, tent-like shelter. It has a wooden floor, 10-foot ceiling and canvas sides and is sturdier than a tent. Each yurt features bunk beds with mattresses, a foldout futon and a wraparound deck. And it's cheaper than a hotel, ranging in price from $35 to $75 a night.
"I needed to talk to women who really understood what I was going through because they'd been there. I needed for someone, besides my doctors, to tell me what I was in for and how to cope and get through this," said the 44-year-old San Diego mother of two. "I found all of that in a support group. The women (in the group) were the best thing about one of the worst times in my life."
Robert Redford is keen on Prince Charles.
Johnson's life as a sari-draped nun, when she was known as Sister Donata, was troubled from almost the start. Although she relished her early years in the convent as she worked with children in poverty-stricken American neighborhoods, her superiors recognized her intelligence and put her on a managerial fast-track in the ultra-regimented, secretive Missionaries of Charities order. Far from tending to Calcutta's poor, Johnson spent most of her years as a nun in and around Rome studying, teaching, writing theological curricula and doing paperwork.
Taylor was branded a "home wrecker" for allegedly breaking up Fisher's marriage to Debbie Reynolds, mother of his two children. Two years after her 1959 marriage to Fisher, Taylor met Richard Burton on the set of "Cleopatra."
Salata said he recently treated a patient who tore his pec while "negative loading" a bench press in weightlifting -- one common way the injury is suffered. That is a process when a lifter loads more weight than he typically can handle on his own, and uses a spotter to help lower the bar. In the case of Salata's patient, the spotter lost grip of the bar and lifter's pec tore under the strain.
The note read: "1 -- Hijack Plane, 2 -- Kill Obama." It was discovered by an airport screener as the co-worker boarded a flight from Utah to Arizona.
As for the ever-popular jute or sisal rugs, moisture is the enemy. Even humidity will break down the fibers.
For MacLean, the case that drove the point home was the death of Jeanette Elting, 76, who spent the last months of her life bedridden on an air mattress with sores covering her body, according to a criminal complaint. Cigarette butts were stubbed out in a jar of ointment meant to treat her wounds. Her toilet was a 5-gallon pail next to her bed. The floor could barely be seen through the layers of dog feces, garbage and beer cans.
Scott's posturing was obvious malarkey.
4. The Birdcage (1996): A gay couple, Robin Williams and Nathan Lane, put on a straight front for Williams' son, who is marrying the daughter of a conservative couple. Lane, Williams and Gene Hackman all shine, but Hank Azaria steals scenes as Agador.
Damon Runyon, no less, mythologized Titanic Thompson as the gambler Sky Masterson in the stories that formed "Guys and Dolls." Cook gives us the real deal, or as close as we're ever likely to get.
U.S. District Judge Matthew Kennelly on Wednesday gave Ed Vrdolyak the OK to end his home imprisonment three months early. Instead, the judge said Vrdolyak could perform 300 hours of community service.
With money scarce, equity options are being re-emphasized as a form of compensation. Some tech entrepreneurs are negotiating creative business terms with lawyers, public relations firms and other vendors, including a wave of cheaper, on-demand back-office software services. A difficult economy, many say, presents opportunities as well as hardships.
Before the screening started near the shadow of the new World Trade Center, Downey told the crowd, "We would like to dedicate this screening to the first responders" of the NYPD and FDNY, as applause and a standing ovation drowned him out. Ethan Sacks
And a private research group said its gauge of future economic activity rose 0.4 percent in May, signaling slow growth in the U.S. economy through the fall. Turmoil in stock markets and a troubled housing market weighed on the Conference Board's leading economic index, while measures related to interest rates and an increasing amount of money in the economy tugged it higher. The index is designed to forecast activity in the next three to six months.
Dell Inc. lost 6.4 percent after the computer maker's fiscal year forecast failed to top expectations, as some analysts had hoped.
Cinco de Mayo is Spanish for Fifth of May. It observes the Mexican army's defeat of the French in the Battle of Puebla on May 5, 1862. It's not Mexican Independence Day, which is Sept. 16.
"There are several safeguards that should have presented this from happening," said Dan Handelman, of Portland Copwatch.
The bottom line: Keep an open mind and enjoy the pleasure of wine and food together, but make sure to enjoy the most important ingredient - each other.
The think tank urged lawmakers to adopt standards for e-schools that the state Board of Education developed in 2003.
The sky keeps falling: Obviously pleased with the strong ratings the Steven Spielberg-produced "Falling Skies" has been getting, TNT has already ordered a second season. The sci-fi series, starring Noah Wyle, is the top new cable series of the year, and has snagged viewers both in the U.S. and in foreign markets. Hear that sound? Ka-ching! So TNT has ordered 10 more episodes for season 2, scheduled to air in summer 2012.
"If she scores on me that wouldn't be good," Caroline understated.
Many of us jumped on the arena bandwagon because it offered an opportunity to develop the abandoned downtown railyard and finally turn it into something besides dirt and rusted buildings.
Three students had to return after class. She wanted to confirm a meeting with their parents. "I need you to come to tutoring every day after school," she said. "If you don't do that, you're not going to pass this class."
The problem now is not just that the IPO window may be shut. It's that so many people in the tech ecosystem have made plans and assumptions based on the belief that the indicator arrows on the stock markets and economy would keep moving up and to the right.
Roos said that he commissioned the two-story, 360-square-foot mural out of desperation in 2007 after losing 24 buildings to eminent domain and fearing the loss of more.
Towson 56, William & Mary 50: Krystal Parnell scored five points during an 8-0 run in the final minutes as the Tigers (14-9) won their second consecutive game. The Tribe fell to 9-14.
All three House, Senate and congressional maps produce a playing field likely to advantage Republicans over the next decade, according to voter-performance data analyzed by the Orlando Sentinel, including the 2010 gubernatorial race between Republican Rick Scott and former Democratic CFO Alex Sink. But they also increase the number of seats likely to elect Hispanic and African-American lawmakers.
Ohlemeyer, Philip Morris's vice president and associate general counsel, said in
Another risk factor, a woman's poor sleep quality during pregnancy, is highlighted in a study published today in the journal Sleep. Researchers from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine; University of California, Los Angeles; University of California, Irvine; and Chapman University say their study is the first to show evidence that links poor sleep to a higher risk for preterm birth.
It may cost them again in close games against good teams in the playoffs.
That's pretty typical comment, but as I walked across the bridge that arches over the pond and fountains leading to the winery's entrance, I thought it was a shame that so many locals leave this breathtaking setting to tourists. The wooded grounds, which feature a sculpture garden of mushrooms clustered under soaring trees, is the stuff of memories, something Wine Country visitors will remember forever.
Note: This article has been updated with comments from W+K and the Portland Seed Fund. The amount of the stipend has also been corrected.
- I am a state employee and believe that the retiree benefits are out of control. No one should have free health care for life. It is unsustainable.
Occupation: Retired attorney, community organizer
Emergency management officials ordered the evacuations with the expectation that Irene would bring strong storm surges that could leave low-lying areas of the Jersey coast under several feet of water.
"The terrorists will always be looking to make a bomb," said Guillaume Viard, 26, a physiotherapist from Nice, France, about to board a flight to Paris at New York's John F. Kennedy Airport.
The case pits Blackfeet tribal members from both sides of the border who want the death sentence upheld against a Canadian government that is asking Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer, who ultimately makes the decision, to spare Smith's life.
After a day of walking, we replenished ourselves at Eleven, Crystal Bridges' expansive dining hall. Flanked with floor-to-ceiling windows and surrounded by water, Eleven again reinforces the museum's connection to its surroundings. There is no table service, rather folks stand in line and chose among the brief but yummy menu. The most expensive dish, shrimp and grits, costs $12. Kids can order PB&J or grilled cheese. My meal, a hearty bowl of brown beans and ham topped with chive oil and served with Ozark cornbread, may have been the best meal in Arkansas, and it came in at $5. Sam Walton would approve.
"Groupon was a symptom of all of the great things going on already," said Kevin Willer, who Monday became the CEO of the Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center after working for more than a decade at Google. "We've been building this up for a long period of time."
Gov. Chris Christie says he doesn't want want to eliminate teacher tenure in New Jersey. Or does he?
Dominion wants to spend $160 million per year replacing pipe, $40 million more than the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio authorized in 2008.
The Maryland SPCA will hold its 17th annual March for the Animals on Sunday, April 29, from 10 a.m. until 2 p.m. at Druid Hill Park. Tina Regester, Director of Communications and Media Relations for the Maryland SPCA, said this is the organization's "biggest fundraiser of the year."
David W. Mowry, Timothy J. Freeman, $500
Dear J.D. - Exploratory surgery to attempt to find and remove the ovarian tissue that is bringing your cat into heat is what I would advise. Otherwise, this tissue could become cystic or possibly cancerous. She will be constantly coming into heat, and she'll be more prone to developing breast cancer.
Gary Kubiak's teams tend to trend toward the middle, so perhaps we shouldn't be surprised with this year's three-up, three-down status.
Krista Taber, 36, of Anaheim modeled a Saks Fifth Avenue dress with accessories purchased at the Salvation Army for $26.95. She also modeled a pair of Gloria Vanderbilt blue jeans and a Billabong jacket with a faux fur collar. The entire outfit, including accessories, was purchased for $31.69. The estimated retail price at Macy's was $234.
"We were all shocked," Guinn said. "It is very disturbing."
And he's smart, so smart. He was a double major in college, mathematics and computers. Computers before computers really even existed, when they were about the size of big-screen TVs.
Others, including McDowell Road, bear names of historical developments such as Ft. McDowell that in most cases were located along the thoroughfares' alignments.
networks. Ratings at Nickelodeon have fallen 30 percent this
Religious freedom imposes burdens and benefits. It freed Catholics to observe their religion. But it also means that Catholics cannot turn around and deny a civil right such as marriage to those deemed in conflict with Catholic teachings.
"Chernobyl Diaries": Six rookie tourists mistakenly visit the site of the nuclear disaster and find unexpected horrors in the abandoned place. (May 25)
Matt Hartwig, chief of staff for the Renewable Fuels Association, called the effort to rewrite the fuel standard law "little more than a Trojan horse effort" to weaken or even eliminate it. He said the farmers' complaints were overblown and most livestock producers and meatpacking companies were making good profits.
An hour later, firefighters emerged from the North Highlands home with the bodies of 8-year-old Wilfred Villarruel and his mother, Laura Fernandez, as flames leapt to the sky.
Ms. Sun: Our outside advisers say the market will be digesting health-care reform in 2014, so we might be undervalued in 2014, even though we are not at all impacted by the law.
In fact there was little official news from anyone in charge. Most stranded passengers were learning about the problems from news broadcasts on terminal video monitors, or from their cell phones or BlackBerrys. Many were clustered around available electric outlets charging their devices after hours of use.
Divide the blue cheese among 6 dessert plates. Drizzle each portion with some of the honey and scatter the nuts over and around the cheese.
The 68-year-old faces 25 years to life in prison.
He believes the lack of unity and organization among armed factions and political groups are obstacles to the revolt progressing faster, as is a lack of "new" thinking.
A single poll is just a snapshot in time, and people close to Fisher were dismissive of the 20-point lead. They noted it was nearly double the lead shown this week in a CNN/Time survey of likely Ohio voters.
Public discussion over the appearance of a new Sellwood bridge most likely will devolve into a debate over "iconic" versus something more understated.
Cardinals center fielder Jay, who ran into the wall while chasing Stubbs' drive, came out of the game after the inning. It was announced that he had a right shoulder sprain.
A: That's another reason why these club shows are important to us. We don't want to be invisible. If we did, we would do what MGMT is doing - you make records that are way for yourself. We want everybody to like us. But I'm way more Cafe Du Nord than Shoreline. I'm just that guy. I'll always be that guy.
Portland starter Chris Johnson (2-2) was charged with three runs, two earned, on five hits in six innings. He struck out six.
Lewandowski added, "We've been drinking for three nights. We stopped drinking at midnight last night."
Gee, Tori, do you suppose that's because he had a son and adopted a daughter with the woman he was still married to when he started dating you?
In September 2010, a second House vote approved a $7.4 billion Zadroga bill. But in December 2010, Senate Republicans filibustered the legislation until a settlement was reached on Bush tax cuts and federal funding.
He also listed nine separate instances of rage where Dekraai allegedly assaulted, threatened or brandished a gun at someone in separate instances dating back to 1995. The alleged victims included his grandfather, his first wife and Michelle Fournier, his second-wife who was the first of eight shot to death on Oct. 12 inside the Salon Meritage.
PNC Park in Pittsburgh does a tremendous job of incorporating the city into the overall ballpark picture. The yellow-painted bridges come to life from your seat inside the stadium, and boats zoom by across the Allegheny River. The peaceful backdrop, combined with all of the amenities present at PNC Park, makes it arguably the best major-league ballpark to view a game.
"We work with the whole shareholder base," he said.
There was more purpose about Arsenal in the second half, but as the hour mark passed, Van Persie failed to beat Ruddy with a tame strike from 12 meters (yards) before Aaron Ramsey dragged his shot wide.
"He (Hayzel) was a very fine gentleman," Lois said. "He was well educated, but he didn't brag about himself."
So I don't think the issue here is your jumping into bed - it's jumping into new men. I.e., it's not the sex, it's the hope for romance at breakfast afterward.
Baron's practice participated in the Pennsylvania Chronic Care Initiative. In it, six insurers, including Independence Blue Cross, agreed to pay doctors more if they could improve diabetic care.
He's not alone in that feeling, judging by e-mails and calls to Road Rant.
Wednesday: Sunny and hot, with a high near 100.
A third distress call came at 1:13 p.m. from a neighbor, Budd Moyer, who reported hearing six gunshots before walking outside. He saw two men, one who appeared to be dressed in a law-enforcement uniform, "dying on the front doorstep."
Prosecutors claim Rybak bribed public officials, including Dimora, with home improvements, meals and political donations. He provided Dimora with free plumbing at his house in Independence, an ice maker and other things of value, according to the indictment.
But it's been pretty dry since "River and Tides.'' The Roxie owes the IRS $70,000 in back payroll taxes and about $25,000 in back rent. Banning sees no way out but to sell half or all the business, pay down the debt and hope the new owner will continue the Roxie tradition. A couple of nonprofits have shown some interest. But if he doesn't come up with some cash in the next 45 days or so, he expects the IRS to seize the business.
Not only has that been good for the MW, it has opened the eyes of other conferences.
"I remember passing the puck and looking, which you shouldn't do," Lidstrom said. "I was still looking at the pass and he stepped up on it."
Witnesses who saw the effigy Wednesday said it was life-sized with an Obama Halloween mask, a suit jacket and sweat pants. It was found hanging from a tree with a noose around its neck.
Good for Tebow -- he was a big hit.
His remarks also served as a counterpoint to gathering political opposition represented by seven Republican 2012 potential presidential hopefuls who were meeting in New Hampshire later Monday for a debate where they were likely to agree to disagree with Obama on his approach on the economy.
Spada said of those homes, four have no problem, three have less serious problems where downspouts drain into sanitary lines instead of storm sewers, one has a basement floor drain tied into storm instead of sanitary, and one has a sump pump connected into sanitary instead of storm sewers.
Lyons 20, Resurrection Christian 0
The full-sized marker indicates Darrel was born in 1914 and died in 1972, while Catherine's birth date is listed as 1928.
Dave had coached Zack's AAU teams in grade school, spending weekends driving across the Midwest for tournaments, for as many as 140 games a year in fifth or sixth grade.
The event was originally rescheduled for Wednesday but now the flight has been pushed back to Friday, as a stubborn storm system is lingering in the area.
But last week, a veteran technology analyst boldly issued a downgrade for Apple. He predicted that cellphone companies would probably stop offering such generous subsidies for customers to adopt the iPhone.
Britney Spears
Cracker Barrel, all locations: Turkey and ham entrees with sweet potato casserole and choice of one additional vegetable, beverage and dessert, 11 a.m.-10 p.m. $8.99 adult, $4.49 child.
"We just want Phylicia's murderer to be caught and brought to justice," Russell Barnes said.
The bill's death also infuriated Tim Gill, a Democrat gay activist who has used his immense wealth to champion gay causes and get liked-minded candidates elected to state legislatures across the country, notably in Colorado.
"It's different. You can see the other person," Brown said. In the engine plants, workers "gravitate to different little groups. But in the foundry, it was a family. We stuck together. We were united."
"Since I've been here, we always played (the Knicks) real aggressive and that continued today," Harris said.
The fact the compromise had not been proposed earlier angered the President, who felt let down by his staff, officials said. Obama waded into the details of the dispute himself this week and personally crafted the solution, according to a Democratic official who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss a sensitive matter.
Despite the preparation, kindergarten these days is no casual stroll across the playground.
The State Highway Patrol said 59-year-old Emil Bisaccia, a physician from the Basking Ridge section of Bernards died at the scene. No other injuries were reported.
Rich Hays, 47, of Belleville, is a Weight Watchers poster child. No, really: He had his picture taken with the diet company's CEO after he shed a daunting 231 pounds - the equivalent of five cinder blocks.
He left St. Louis and the army. He was the Radical Party's presidential candidate in 1864 until withdrawing before election day. He died in 1890, his widow in 1902.
Last May, for example, a father separated from his 4-year-old son on the MAX yellow line was talking on his cell phone when the boy darted through the train's open doors at the Albina/Mississippi stop.
Details: Talk by Martha Moffett of the Christian Science Board of Lectureship on "Fully Employed: Finding and Fulfilling Your God-given Purpose." Call 440-331-5366.
Mike O'Keefe, a spokesman for the school, said that other students were mad that some of the students spoke out and thought that some of them were "rude" to the visitors from the archdiocese.
He works with Orlando attorney Mark NeJame, who was first approached by Zimmerman's family to represent the neighborhood watch volunteer.
Had the Colts opted to keep Manning, he was due a $28 million option bonus today. Owner and quarterback stressed again and again that money did not force the decision to part.
Skiing is the largest engine for Colorado tourism, which is the second-largest industry in the state. A steep decline in skier visits could set back the state's mission to climb its 2.6 percent share of the country's overnight vacationers to 3 percent.
Phone number: 602-258-7701.
Selling body parts is illegal. But you can get paid for shipping and handling - and get paid well. A lucrative and secretive industry sprung up. Guyett was in the thick of it.
"It is my joy. I have given my heart and soul to it. But it's given me so much more back."
The accompanying graphic from the Associated Press gives a rundown of the 14 potential swing states, the number of electoral votes in each, the percentage of votes received by Obama and John McCain in each in 2008, and the unemployment rate. To win, the candidates needs 270 of the 535 electoral votes.
However, Starks answered Lavender's fifth three with a quick, unguarded three-pointer from the top of the key that cut it to 67-65 with 3:16 left. He later put OSU ahead 72-70 with a 14-foot jumper but Fogg scored inside to tie it at 72 with 15 seconds left and Starks missed a final jump shot just before the buzzer to send the game into overtime. Then, it was Fogg who made his presence known late in overtime via the conflict with Cunningham.
We tried a large pepperoni, sausage and mushroom pizza ($15.95) on our second visit and were not disappointed. Although a little soggy in the center, it was better than what's offered at most pizzerias.
Today Oakland will begin the application process for four permits to run industrial-scale marijuana farms within city limits.
4. Special teams development
While legal documents paint him as someone bent on mass destruction, friends says he is a quiet, smart young man; an avid basketball player; and proud of his Muslim faith.
Apartment residents said they heard several gunshots about 2 a.m. Sunday and later saw a charred spot next to the corrugated-metal unit.
Robert Griffin III to the Redskins at No. 2? Check.
Using his 4.31-second speed in the 40-yard dash, Illinois wide receiver A.J. Jenkins dashed to the bathroom during Thursday night's NFL draft.
A stout presence in the trenches, Brockers will help give the Rams one of the most dominant fronts in the division along with former first-round pick DE Chris Long.
Captain Not-What-He-Seems Renard, meanwhile, is pressing Nick and Hank for some results. "The press wants a statement," since a professor at an expensive private school was rats' dinner, and that's never good news. So the Captain invites members of the press into his office -- decked out with light-filtering blinds on its windows, for maximum atmosphere -- for possibly the least-convincing press conference ever.
Two Canadian low-fare lines currently fly the Atlantic. Although they specialize in complete vacation packages, both also sell air seats separately. I show sample all-up round-trip fares for trips in July:
"We brought it to the executive board of our organization. We really gave it, I think, very careful consideration," Hoolahan said. "It was a difficult decision, but in the final analysis, when we looked at the higher-ranked Ohio State, we did have some background and experience as you well know with Ohio State having been in our championship game and games prior to that. So there was a little more familiarity, and of course that made the decision a little bit easier."
Darron Thomas passed for 169 yards and a touchdown as the Ducks won for the eighth consecutive time over Washington.
Joesefina Scaglione, Maria in the revival of "West Side Story," picked up an actress-musical nomination. She will compete against Stockard Channing, "Pal Joey"; Sutton Foster, "Shrek"; Allison Janney, "9 to 5: The Musical"; and Alice Ripley, "Next to Normal."
"It's like poker players who wear sunglasses or try not to show any emotion no matter what happens," she said.
More peculiar was the rib injury. He said he pulled an intercostal muscle on his left side.
"We're in a major hole trying to make the playoffs," Buchanan said. "We understand that. (Monday) night's loss was a pretty big blow to any hope for us. We're going to listen to all of our guys. If they feel like, physically, (they're) just not there and the doctors tell you (they) need some rest, we're going to listen to them."
Along the parade route on Broadway and Seventh Street, most everyone wore beads around their necks and held an adult beverage. As the afternoon drew on, more and more people's lips were stained hurricane-red.
The SAB has restored decorum to district affairs and has begun to reverse the district's academic decline. The Missouri State Board of Education recently extended state oversight of St. Louis Public Schools to June 30, 2014. But the district already is moving toward re-accreditation.
Federal officials have blamed pipeline owner Pacific Gas and Electric Co. for a litany of safety lapses that led to the explosion.
have called it an unusual and unconstitutional power grab, saying the Senate was not technically in recess when Obama acted.
- Phoenix's plan to begin charging a fee to park at key entrances to mountain preserves struck a nerve with trail users ranging from the Mountain Pointe High School cross country coach to a registered nurse who hikes to keep her weight and blood pressure down.
Those are the words of a little ditty that we learned as kids in western Kansas back in the 1930's. It related to the realities of life there at the time. Electricity in homes was largely limited to a light bulb hanging at the end of a cord from the ceiling in each room, and life centered around natural light outside - sunrise and sunset and the daylight hours between. Farmers, especially, were guided by that phenomenon and "got up with the cows" to milk them early in the morning, and again in the evening before sunset.
In addition to its out-of-state properties, the hotel arm -Roberts Hotel Group - owns two hotels locally: the Roberts Mayfair Hotel at 806 St. Charles Street in downtown St. Louis and a Comfort Inn at 4630 Lindell Boulevard in the Central West End.
McCarthy criticized civic leaders for falling in line with the ACLU without first inquiring about police reforms.
First, speak in an age-appropriate way. According to KidsHealth.org, children who have been diagnosed with diabetes may feel they've done something to cause the disease. It's important for parents to emphasis that kids don't do anything to cause diabetes.
The purchase of the building on Fifth Street in Salem is said by county officials to be the answer to ongoing issues due to the lack of space for many of the county departments.
But the strongest argument emerges from a public opinion survey carried out this spring by the Pew Research Center -- in Egypt.
Aybar isn't the first baseball player in the family; his father, Narciso, was playing second base for amateur teams in the Bani area some 30 years ago.
"Rescue Me" (10 p.m. Wednesday, FX): Tommy Gavin (Denis Leary) returns to ground zero with an old friend.
Internet listings show Beckman's 5,000-square-foot house in Palm City, Fla., for sale at $754,900. Records indicate he paid nearly $900,000 for that house. No such listings could be found for the Mission, Texas, home.
An estimated 2 billion people tuned into the live broadcast in what may have been the most-viewed event in history.
So, how do they raise funds?
Today, ever-bemused mankind is turning for answers to the digital cloud, the name given to the growing constellation of Internet-based virtual servers that can store thousands of song files and other documents, filter spam, seal off valuable subscription-based content from the hoi polloi.
That makes the NCTC staging all the more valuable. If not the first, it's the highest-profile Bay Area production since the one-night staged readings at Berkeley Rep and the Magic Theatre on Oct. 12, 2009 - among its many coast-to-coast staged readings on the 11th anniversary of Shepard's death.
We have homemade ravioli, lamb chops and wedding soup for the main course. There is nothing like my father's homemade sauce; I am so spoiled. Not to mention the platters of candy and cookies and special desserts my mom makes. HoneyBaked Ham, potato salad and relishes come out late night for card games!
The city spent $732,000 last year to sweep 17 neighborhoods and to operate leaf depots, where people could drop off excess leaves for a nominal fee, $1 a carload or $5 a truck. Clearing leaves keeps streets safe and prevents drains from backing up.
As Canada and countries in Europe and South America now extend full equality to all spouses, it is time for the U.S. to provide liberty and justice for all its citizens.
So the Rams, who have played one of the league's toughest schedules, almost certainly would draft behind Cleveland, Jacksonville and Tampa Bay if any of those teams finished 4-12 and the Rams upset the Steelers and 49ers to finish 4-12.
After attending Brigham Young University, she earned a degree in elementary education from the University of Utah and got married in 1962.
Family: Married, two children
As sales improve this year, Mason said more companies will share the wealth. He said the U.S. industry will start looking for like Europe where no one company dominates sales.
A walk down the strip makes for people watching, even if the music isn't exactly country. Within 20 steps, I heard different bands covering Journey and Weezer.
The annual Capricorn Party, featuring Terry Lee Goffee (Johnny Cash tribute band) 11 p.m. Jan. 14. $10-$12. Four-packs: $32. Capricorns get in free with ID.
So did Robert Downey Jr., though his path to superhero team player came without the fisticuffs and rivalries that Stark stumbles into with his fellow Avengers, who beat up on one another a bit before they figure out how to work as a group.
Earlier this week, Craig said the commission's role would not be redundant with that of the association, explaining it is important to have people who are not connected with fire or emergency medical services advising the county.
TONY ALBERT "TITO" SANTIAGO, 32, Kissimmee, died April 7. Funeraria Porta Coeli, Kissimmee.
"Proud to be from University City" T-shirt while visiting Langata Giraffe Centre in Nairobi, Kenya. You can feed the giraffes, and Daisy (in this photo) will even take food from your mouth, if you're willing.
The warm weather reduced earnings at the company's regulated utilities by 4 cents per share, but higher customer rates and lower operation and maintenance costs offset that reduction.
CellPoint acquired the worldwide rights for EC-G a decade ago from the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center . Colip said in the intervening years, CellPoint has reformulated the agent. The company has four managing partners and 65 contract employees in the U.S.
Injuries: Indians -- DH Travis Hafner (right foot), 2B Jason Kipnis (right oblique, right hamstring), RHP Carlos Carrasco (right elbow), CF Grady Sizemore (right knee, hernia) and OF Trevor Crowe (right shoulder) are on the disabled list. OF Shin-Soo Choo (left side) is day to day. Royals -- C Matt Treanor (concussion) and C Jason Kendall (right shoulder) are on the disabled list.
U.S. Marine Gen. John Allen, commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan, lobbied Congress last week for a hiatus in the drawdown after that number is reached. But if Allen is overruled by President Obama, the Taliban may be emboldened by the prospect of facing an American force whose numbers could diminish even more sharply.
The College of San Mateo baseball and softball teams both begin the Northern California playoffs this weekend.
"I have no comment on my private work history with the Salvation Army," he wrote in an e-mail response to the Times. "As for my work as a Hillsborough County commissioner, at no time did I ever vote on or have any conflicts with my service as a county commissioner."
Most air fresheners contain VOC's and contribute to poor indoor air quality. While you're at it, skip the scented candles, too. Instead, try dabbing lavender, lemon, eucalyptus or orange oil in the corners of rooms (try dropping the oil into rugs, the corners of mattresses, on curtains and into the edges of the upholstery). You also can fill an old spray bottle with 2 cups water to 10 drops of essential oil, and spray it around the house.
Pope Benedict XVI formally created 24 new cardinals today amid cheers in St. Peter's Basilica, bringing a mostly Italian group into the elite club that will eventually elect his successor.
Vargas said the cuts to after school and summer care has dramatically reduced the number of kids enrolled by their parents. The state requires parents to present multiple examples of pay stubs and income verification, which is a tall order when they work seasonally or off the books, he said. Only 165 children are enrolled in the summer program, compared to 585 two years ago.
The Andersons bought 83 acres west of Lake City in 2007 that seemed made-to-order for their updated farmhouse getaway. The old farmstead's barn, silo and shed remain on the property. Sweeping views of rolling hills and Mississippi River Valley bluffs to the east and flat prairie land to the west offer solitude and serenity. Rehkamp Larson placed the home on the top of a hill so the Andersons can take it all in.
$2500 prize, an auction, dinner, a DJ and an open bar. The price of admission is $50 per person or $75 per couple (each includes a raffle entry) and all proceeds go toward a college scholarship for a graduating senior.
Just as these stories were coming to their conclusions, a white man stoned to death a black boy who had gone swimming off the whites-only 29th Street beach. News of the murder rocketed through nearby neighborhoods, already racially divided. By nightfall, the area had been turned into a racial battleground, as whites rampaged along the borders of the Black Belt, assaulting any African-American they could find. The following day, the violence spread into the Black Belt and over to the stockyards, where there were plenty of African-American workers to victimize. The day after that, with the death toll at 19, the rioting moved into the Loop.
The onion soup at Cafe de La Presse may be hard to beat, but I'd find it difficult to choose it over the version at Garcon ($6.50). Served in a double-handled crock, the bread is soaked with broth; Swiss cheese blankets the top, easily parting to reveal the savory liquid below with a mere hint of
Uncle Mo's owner, Mike Repole, believes the colt has regained the form he showed while easily winning the Breeders' Cup Juvenile at Churchill last November.
It may be obsolete but CDOT wants someone to adopt it and give it a good home.
Look no further than the "counter menu," which for $49 takes you through at least five courses of what amounts to a highfalutin reconsideration of bar snacks. Add a masterful cocktail list managed by head bartender Carlo Splendorini and the extensive wine list overseen by Matthew Turner, and you've taken the bar bite to its white-pearl apotheosis - minus the white pearls, of course, as the aesthetic at Mina 2.0 is notably unfussy.
But a mayor and government has to feel the cultural expression of their city is important. And I just don't think we have that here. It would be wonderful.
"Jazz, blues and R&B," she says. "It's just not the predominant music anymore."
And she too struggled against the image of the trophy wife, according to Robb Young, author of "Power Dressing: First Ladies, Women Politicians and Fashion."
@strombo G. Stroumboulopoulos
FILE UNDER: Hip-hop with elements of rock, R&B and electronica
Envoys for the U.S., the EU and Iran spoke Monday at a 189-nation meeting looking for ways to strengthen the Nonproliferation Treaty.
Stephanie Kerby said she appreciated the president's visit on top of all the help from so many others. "Hopefully his attention will bring some more . . . aid," she said.
Kosar, who disclosed after the game that he had been treated recently for a staph infection in his right arm, turned in his third consecutive, three-touchdown playoff game.
Last month, the Rockets suspended Brooks for a game after he left the team during a game, part of his frustrating season with Houston that ended when the Rockets traded him to the Suns for Goran Dragic.
1 teaspoon cider or white vinegar
Why he makes sense: Zeitler had been projected to go in the first half of the second round, but some draftniks now say he could sneak into the first round. Do the Ravens like him enough to take him there? Or would they maybe try to slide back then draft him? Only those inside the Castle know, but he would immediately compete with Jah Reid for the starting left guard spot and quiet some of the concern about the departure of Ben Grubbs.
The tests are looking for contamination from cancer-causing PCBs that may have been scattered by the wind. PCBs are toxic compounds linked to a wide range of health effects. They were left behind by hydraulic fluid that was used in die cast machines at the carburetor plant, and from oil in electric transformers kept on site by a subsequent owner.
Large-animal practitioners may be exempt from issuing the form, but the final regulation is still being drafted. The public will have a chance to comment on the proposed regulation; a hearing has not yet been scheduled
The money is being spent on analyses ranging from traffic to soil to bridge design. About 65 consultants and state employees are working at the project's Vancouver headquarters at any given time, says Doug Ficco, Washington director of the project. The team also flies in specialists from San Francisco and Florida.
The Athens Games produced a record 26 doping cases, more than double the previous Olympic high of 12 at Los Angeles in 1984. Six medalists, including two gold winners, were caught in Athens from among 3,600 tests.
When the public got a whiff of this attempted switcheroo, the telephone lines into the state Capitol lit up, and Democratic legislative leaders gave up on this particular form of deceit, but they still continue to stretch the truth by calling a $4.6 billion spending increase a "cut."
Three players did not practice Friday and were listed as out for Sunday: defensive tackle Justin Bannan (shoulder), linebacker Josh Hull (hamstring) and offensive tackle Mark LeVoir (pectoral).
The National Transportation Safety Board, whose concerns in 1998 led to the committee's formation, said the current system has its merits.
And it's color-coded!
It sounds easy but it's not: Take a place, a culture, a people, a tradition that you absolutely love and bring it to life on screen. Turturro has managed to translate his affections through the songs and singers. His love is clearly articulated in every frame of this beautiful film.
"I'm not concerned about Melo getting a whole bunch of shots," Woodson said, as quoted by Hale. "I think there's enough shots to come on our team with players that can make a difference. I like a team that the opposing team doesn't know where it's going to come from. But we know who our stars are on this team."
"As soon as the buoys are out, it is considered open," said Jennifer Fink, marketing manager for Anoka County Parks.
Guy Wolff still makes his coveted pots in Connecticut, although you need to check the stamp on the bottom of the pot to find ones that are made by his hands. While still handmade, much of his line is now thrown by potters in America, China and Honduras. Guywolff.com
Since June 2011, when he was ousted as CEO, Wilson has refused to talk about his departure from MEM. That silence contrasted with his two decades in public office, when he was known as a straight-shooter who was always quick with a quip.
Victor Sunderland, 20, was immigrating to Cleveland, where his uncle lived. He survived after spending six hours standing atop an overturned lifeboat.
As our flat-bottom boat drifts closer to the birds, we can hear them chuckling, like an enormous flock of ducks.
"We are pleased that this lawsuit has finally ended with plaintiffs' acknowledgment that they are entitled to only $1," Google said in a statement to The Associated Press, adding that its ability to continue the Street View feature is unaffected.
The soap opera included a very awkward All-Star weekend for all parties in Orlando last month which centered on Howard and his plans for the summer of 2012. The 26-year-old center repeatedly stated his affinity for the only city he has played for during his eight NBA seasons.
In other Nymex trading in September contracts, heating oil lost 1.56 cents to settle at $1.9554 a gallon, while gasoline gave up 4.41 cents to settle at $1.8810 a gallon.
Circuit Judge Jeffrey S. Jones amended the deal.
Memphis kept constant pressure on Griffin, forcing the two-time All-Star to be resourceful while keeping his temper in check. Randolph got a technical foul in the second quarter when he fouled Griffin roughly on the shoulder and then chest-bumped him, but Griffin only chuckled while Randolph, the former Clippers big man, was pulled away from him.
Design of the property's yard space made smart use of terracing and levels, getting optimal use for various functions such as gardens, lawn space and fire pits.
PLG brands had $1 billion in revenue last year and will become an operating group of Wolverine, but would continue to operate from Lexington, Mass., according to a Collective Brands statement.
393 Glenwood Avenue, $530,000, 03-20-12, 1,220 SF, 2 BR; 2011:$450,000
Four influenza vaccine options are available this year including nasal spray; the traditional intramuscular injection vaccine; a high-dose injection for people age 65 and older; and a new intradermal vaccine with a smaller needle.
Campbell called the contract "a dream come true."
After a short investigation, police arrested Shaun Edward Hartley, 30, of Clackamas. He is being held without bail for failing to appear in court on a charge of driving under the influence of intoxicants and for violating parole.
As chain saw sculpting has increased in popularity, so has the level of skill and craftsmanship. Details have become more intricate and refined. Artistic visions have reached far beyond the ubiquitous wood-carved bear or bald eagle. A folk art championed for 50 years by woodsmen and pioneers has transformed into a fine art.
"It's kind of sad that even though I'm working that I need to have government assistance. I have asked them to please put me on full-time so I can have benefits," said the 32-year-old.
Then again, this is just theory.
Clad in a sweater his sister knitted for him and a gray jacket with built-in mittens and face-shield he bought from Loki, a company founded in Colorado, Hickenlooper sticks to sections of his stump speech, touting some of his accomplishments as mayor, such as decreasing chronic homelessness, and emphasizing that he wants to make government "better and more innovative."
Smith would not say if Holmes is expected to take over at left tackle for Sam Baker or if the team has considered moving Tyson Clabo to the left side.
White 130-145: Aitana Chavez, Playground Legends Fight Team
My family: Parents Chris and Holli, sisters Annie and Carolyn.
Besides Meridia, the only other prescription obesity drug on the market is Xenical, which is also sold over-the-counter as Alli.
Follow on Twitter @sjtribble or Facebook at facebook.com/parentalpersuasion
He said the rapid price declines in the industry are likely to lead to solar becoming "mainstream."
At a time when college has become both increasingly necessary and expensive, allowing the interest rate on student loans to double means inflicting economic pain at kitchen tables around the country. Here's how that dilemma looks in Minnesota: Twenty years ago, a year's tuition at the University of Minnesota consumed 8 percent of the state household median income. Last year, that figure was 19 percent.
The Hall was a treat Sunday afternoon, a nice break in what could have been a long day waiting for that 8 p.m. local time first pitch. Not the Bruce devotee that Bernie and so many of my friends are -- I'm truly jealous of their passion, to be candid -- the Rock Hall had other treasures that caught my eye. Most were the handwritten lyrics and scribblings of the musicians. It was amazing to see a normal piece of paper transcended by what is written on it -- the lyrics to "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds," for example. Or, a few cases over there was another sheet of paper with what was probably "Hey Jules" written at the top, vigorously scribbled out, and replaced with the far more familiar "Hey Jude". Some issues of the newspaper John Lennon wrote as a school boy were also there, to my delight.
"Once they are inspected, they have to be sealed up" in either a box or bag that can be closed, said Michael L. Maguire, a plant protection and quarantine officer with the U.S. Department of Agriculture in Hilo, Hawaii. Gardenia and jade vines harbor pests and cannot be taken out of Hawaii, he added.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Robert Redd simply wanted to make something happen.
Sneeze and cough into your elbow or upper sleeve if you do not have a tissue. If you use your hand, wash it right away.
Edwardsville also scored on its opening drive. Arik Bueltmann connected over the middle for a 59-yard touchdown pass to Craig James with 6:03 to play
Romney also said his party couldn't choose someone who has never run a business or has never run a state.
The kitchen, under the direction of executive chef Vincente Ledonne, laces grilled portobello mushroom with creamy scamorza cheese, roasted red peppers and prosciutto -- a dish with the hallmarks of great outdoor cooking. We loved the lamb kebabs, two well-seasoned tubes of ground meat wrapped, wood-grilled and nestled in a bed of soft couscous studded with bits of quince ($12). A simple pasta called Pesto Omar, its sole components basil pesto and radiator-shaped noodles ($18), is perfectly balanced.
It can take discipline to work at home. A telecommuter needs to be able to schedule realistically, prioritize and be able to stay focused on work despite distractions like children, pets, even the refrigerator.
Q: Are there effective generic versions of Plavix on the market?
In response to the letter from Benedict Frederick Jr. against same-sex marriage ("Same-sex marriage won't help children," Feb. 6), I can say with conviction only one thing in response: You are wrong. Who better to say that than myself, a gay teen? I may not have been raised by a homosexual parent, but make no mistake I hold more knowledge and experience than Mr. Benedict ever has on this subject. He uses ignorance and generalizations to support a position with no evidence.
Missouri American Water will replace waterlines in Crestwood and Bella Villa.
"He was a great guy and a tremendous asset to my platoon," said former Marine Captain Bill Cumbaa. "Any time one of my men yelled 'Corpsman!' Archie took off to treat the wounds without any thought of his own safety."
"You can't have the Legislature frustrating what the people did by saying, 'Well, you elected him, but we're going to take away all his power,' " Bender said.
I settled on a beef burger with roasted green chile, aged cheddar and red pepper pesto mayo on a whole-wheat bun. The bun was fresh, unlike the stale cardboard versions so many places use. The patty was not too densely packed and cooked to a perfect medium, just like I asked.
Dear Amy: I was surprised at your answer to the worried grandma, who was so concerned about the presence of a "large and unruly" black Lab dog in the home of her daughter, who was expecting a baby.
Let these green-coated anachronisms live in the Place That Time Forgot. We'll visit once a year for the Masters and cackle at them.
Brian Elliott was six months from finding out if he could turn his incredible comeback story into a starting goaltending job, making starter's money, somewhere else in the NHL in 2012-13.
6 p.m. MLS, New York at D.C. United, ESPN2
8. Stealing. Reported 7:19 p.m. May 1 in the 100 block of Bermuda Drive. A battery was reported stolen from a boat.
The daughter called police at 8:49 a.m. to the well-tended home in the 3300 block of Virginia Avenue, between West 33rd and West 36th streets.
The Imperial Speedster travels across the U.S. to shows and competitions, but never close enough for Eugene Pfaff, now living in Florida, to see it in person -- something he had hoped to do by now.
The girl and Willner both tested positive for chlamydia, the report states. She told police she had not been sexually active and had a boyfriend, also a special-education student at Agua Fria, for two weeks, but "they were only allowed to hold hands." She said she broke up with him Feb. 16.
Tuesday: Mostly sunny. High 64.
2012 BMW 650i convertible: 111 days
But domestic demand has tailed off gradually since 2007. This year, one of the mildest winters on record and the continued collapse of natural gas prices have accelerated the decline.
"Team Laura" will feature family members and friends of Laura Webb Elody, one of the hairdressers who died along seven other people when a gunman entered the salon and began shooting. Friends of Christy Wilson also will be running in her honor.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is offering a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of whoever slashed the tires of the agent's personal vehicle at his central Florida home Thursday.
By far, the hospital experts said, most cases of H1N1 are mild and do not require hospitalization. They are encouraging people to stay home and away from the emergency room unless they are having shortness of breath, chest pain, difficulty keeping down fluids, not urinating enough, listlessness or a child is not behaving as normal.
Moving Brett Myers to the bullpen is a little thing that could pay big dividends. For a while. Are the Astros serious about winning games or serious about getting the most from Myers when it comes time to trade him?
Fresenius and its primary for-profit competitor, Denver-based DaVita, want nocturnal and home dialysis numbers to rise.
City Year San Jose/Silicon Valley will benefit from its annual Starry Starry Night gala on May 2.
Other G Spot finding apps include Female G-Spot Secrets, which is available in a multitude of languages, and Female G Spot Tips, which says it can even help discern whether your female partner is faking an orgasm.
Costello said that the slower pace was not cause for concern, saying that a rate of just under 3% was "more in line with normal growth."
Now that Nadia Lockyer has resigned, her treatment and the future of her marriage are the couple's private concern. But Californians deserve a direct explanation from Bill Lockyer about his past role in his wife's problems, which affected her ability to serve in elected office, and his decision to help her win office despite those problems.
When it comes to key decisions about how to rein in complex, previously unregulated securities, how to liquidate large, interconnected failing financial firms, even how to protect consumers, the bureaucracies in charge of setting the rules get plenty of discretion.
"In the course of history, there comes a time when humanity is called to shift to a new level of consciousness, to reach a higher moral ground. A time when we have to shed our fear and give hope to each other," she said in her speech accepting the Nobel Prize.
The governor's office typically declines to comment on poll results. But with his fellow Republicans in the Ohio House currently blocking Kasich's plan to impose new oil and gas drilling taxes, the governor didn't miss the opportunity to highlight this bright spot for him.
The Clinic offers yoga classes to employees and its on-campus gym is also free for workers. Use has risen from an average of 21,000 hours annually to more than 240,000 hours this year. Participation in Weight Watchers is also free and employees have lost about 250,000 pounds since 2005.
"These dealers advertise that they have transportation for people who need to go to work and give people a way to improve their credit," said Rosemary Shahan, executive director of Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety. "Instead, the exact opposite happens, and they are left with a car that breaks down right away and needs repairs that they can't afford."
"As long as it's for real money," the tall and lanky professional gambler in the anteater-hide cowboy boots told a Times reporter, pushing his pearl-gray Stetson toward the back of his head.
"I'd be surprised if there wasn't a dividend by the end of calendar-2012," said Michael Walkley, an analyst with Canaccord Genuity.
If I had known this, I obviously would not have gone ahead and rebooked the flights with the hotel and car on top. I asked Priceline if their calls were recorded and was told they were but that this particular recording was not available to me at that time. -- Ian Dennis, San Francisco
"You could argue that the reason the big Bud brands have done bad is a loss of focus" on increasing revenue, said Holland, who said Anheuser-Busch InBev might actually focus too much on cost-cutting.
sliver of voters from the left or right.
"We charged what we thought was appropriate," she said about the robbery and hate crime case. "We made the charging decision based on the evidence we have."
Do strict building codes necessarily mean stronger buildings? No. Though the codes are in place, not all are enforced.
Aldridge has been battling soreness in his hip for at least a week, and had X-Rays taken about 90 minutes after the Blazers lost 96-81 to Sacramento on Monday in the Rose Garden.
In addition, last year the office was a key player in revoking the sponsorship authority of Ashe Culture Center, which oversaw many of the local charter schools slammed by the state auditor.
Ironically, a company long considered to be a leader in fuel efficiency had the worst performance of any major automaker.
Sam Crouser, who threw 205-10 three weeks ago to break Ryan's state record, threw 203-9 on his first throw Saturday to win. Ryan threw 201-6 on his final throw.
By Douglas MacKinnon
Trial and error: "Don't be afraid to experiment. Some great spaces are on their fifth incarnation because the previous four didn't work out perfectly. Move a chair or put the sofa in an unconventional area. Sometimes inspiration strikes when you make a mistake. Learning what you like can sometimes be a process of eliminating what you don't like. I move my artwork around frequently. People think I've purchased a new collection or that my taste has changed based on the placement. You'd be surprised at the reaction you get from taking the crazy piece out of the bathroom and putting it in the foyer."
10 N Kingshighway Blvd #5Cs, $277,000
Veary jumped to QPL in March after seven years at Benchmark, the contract manufacturer that closed its Beaverton plant. He's seen substantial growth in electronics manufacturing orders during the last nine months. He likes working for a smaller company where assembly workers talk directly to top managers.
Tickets, which include admission, light hors d'oeuvres, one non-alcoholic beverage, a door prize entry and $200 in scrip that can be exchanged for playing chips, are $30 per person. They can be purchased from any member of the THS boys' basketball program or through the Tustin High School basketball office. For information contact Coach Bossenmeyer at 714-730-7446.
Fraser and Seesing declined to comment.
- Granada midfielder Dani Benitez has been banned for three months for throwing a plastic water bottle at a referee at the end of a Spanish league game.
HIT: High school students and their parents who chose a college and met the national May 1 acceptance deadline.
Castellanos said that Hauptman, who was wearing a helmet, lost control of his 2007 Kawasaki at 8:30 p.m. in an eastbound lane near Exit 14C toll plaza.
In fact, Song co-owned a strip mall, a large Schaumburg home and Chicago commercial property worth a total of more than $1 million, the Tribune's subsequent investigation found.
Vincent Kompany's header in first-half stoppage time earned a 1-0 win to put City even with United on points with two games to play, but ahead on goal difference.
Fresh lemon juice squeezed on a fruit stain will bleach out the stain naturally.
"People sometimes don't expect to sink down when walking," Ryan Alford, editor and publisher of Snowshoe magazine, told me last month while snowshoeing through an untouched drift.
Osborn was not sure if Muller had any pre-existing medical conditions or a history of disappearing. Anyone who has seen or had contact with Muller is asked to call the Newton Police Department at (973) 383-2525.
RELIGION EVENTS
(7:57:09 PM): Sherwood 19, Century 0, 3:26 2nd Q: Steven Long 38-yard TD run; PAT good.
There is a compactness to Miller. He has a square jaw and dark eyes. After losses, he claps for opponents and never gripes. The sport is filled with outsized personalities, but he has resisted gimmicks such as a huge mustache or crazy hairdo, explaining, some say, why a title fight has eluded him.
Sackett estimates that it will cost $125,000 to upgrade the department's radio equipment to FCC specifications. The GHPD has a January 2013 deadline to meet before the FCC implements its $10,000 a day fine.
Scott Moore of Our Oregon, which represents several unions and other progressive groups, derisively refers to the group as "Mark Nelson's new self-marketing scam."
Both are being referred to the district attorney for possible domestic-related charges.
Turner, the police union president, declined to comment on Vasquez's termination. But he said of the new dispatch system, "They drove this off the lot, the wheels fell off, and they don't know how to fix it.''
Oh, to have been a fly or two on the wall of the restaurant where, in 1996, Steve Jobs and Penelope Hobhouse discussed her design for his garden. "He swept into the ... restaurant on his roller blades and sat down," she wrote. "I wish I had taped the conversation. ... I do recall the intensity of his beliefs."
They all matter, though. Every single one of 'em.
shares in YPF. Of that controlling stake, the federal government will hold 51%, with the remaining 49% split between the provinces.
Spicuzzo is well entrenched in Middlesex County politics, where his political career spans decades.
The program is emerging at a time when disaster preparedness has been diminished because so many National Guard troops have been sent overseas.
"We thought everyone lived that way," said Cantil-Sakauye, who went on to graduate from UC Davis School of Law and become the chief justice of the California Supreme Court.
But what about those who complain that Lugar hasn't represented the conservative line well enough? That, Daniels said, is ridiculous.
"I signed Trayvon's petition, sat back, and thought, 'Well, maybe I should do a petition,' " he said. "I did and got 1,000 signatures. I was happy with 1,000."
Justin Smith, 36, a Houston resident visiting friends in New Jersey, was happy to get back $11 in bills instead of 11 dollar coins for his $8.75 trip to Westfield.
Place orange, lemon and lime wheels in a 2 quart pitcher with simple syrup. Muddle with a large muddler or wooden spoon. Add orange and grape juices and muddle a little more. Add wine and brandy, and stir well. Place pitcher, preferably covered, in refrigerator for several hours or overnight. When ready to serve, add ice cubes until pitcher is full. Stir thoroughly. Pour into wineglasses and garnish with fresh fruit.
The commendations were for statewide, bipartisan prison reforms made over the past decade that have slowed Texas' adult incarceration rate, preventing a potentially budget-busting crisis of overcrowded prisons. As documented in the ACLU's report "Smart Reform is Possible," many of the changes involve rethinking the War on Drugs and emphasizing probation over prisons.
Households began borrowing less and saving more when the recession began and unemployment surged. While the expectation is that consumers are ready to resume borrowing, they are not expected to load up on debt the way they did during the housing boom of the last decade.
"There's a certain responsibility institutions like Lawrence Tech realize they have," Hieber said. "What they do is incredibly important to the vitality of the Rouge River and its watershed."
Bro and Rosen say the more the merrier. They're hoping that more restaurants will come forward and offer to take part in the effort in any way they can.
St. Louis Public Schools gave the bill mixed reviews.
It is a dilemma every parent faces: When your kids ask for details of your misspent youth, how much do you reveal?
If the state doesn't pay, Monroe County may face a major expense for bringing in a jury from Perry County to the Downtown Waterloo courthouse. It's not certain whether jurors will stay in Waterloo or be bused in daily, said Perry County Circuit Clerk Kim Kellerman. The judge, attorney and circuit clerks will meet to make those decisions, she said.
The Turner decision does not apply only to students enrolled in traditional public schools; it includes all school-age children in the district, including those who attend charter, parochial and non-religious private schools.
He maintained his innocence during the arraignment in 17th District Court.
Current law prohibits state agencies from awarding contracts worth more than $17,500 to companies that have donated more than $300 to a gubernatorial campaign or any state or county political party within 18 months. But citizens groups and some lawmakers have pushed for a more complete ban that would tighten restrictions on contractors donating to town and county candidates.
3521 EAGLES HILL $213,000
Gibbs, who was raised in Bay Village and graduated from Bay Village High School, already represented some of his new congressional turf -- Ashland and Medina counties -- when he served in Ohio's legislature.
"Well, this time," Connie said, oblivious to the size of her audience, "don't forget the boobs."
The plan also would build canoe landings and redirect stormwater so that it's filtered before entering the creek.
The Lewis & Clark Marathon and Half-Marathon is being gobbled up by a multimillion-dollar national franchise operation in the endurance sports industry.
Today, the U.N. chief hailed the Paris summit on Libya as a success.
But Scottsdale, with its rugged hiking, mountainous landscape and top-notch trailheads, is no underdog.
The Richard Neutra-designed Kronish house in Beverly Hills has come on the market for the first time in more than 30 years at $13,995,000.
2. Trigger finger: If your idea of happiness is a warm gun, then you should probably take aim at Machine Guns Vegas, a new, off-the-Strip attraction for those who like to go ballistic. The clublike venue features hostesses who help you pick out your weapon from an iPad menu (perhaps an M4 carbine, Uzi or AK-47); there also are female "range masters" who are responsible for guest safety and personal instruction. There are 10 shooting lanes, including two completely private lanes with a separate entrance for VIPs. Packages range from about $100 to $800, depending on the firearm and number of rounds. Each package includes your targets and a T-shirt as mementos. There's also complimentary transportation from the Strip. Oh, in case you were wondering: No alcohol is served.
"We still hear it all the time: 'How does it play in Peoria?' " says Mayor Jim Ardis, of to the vaudeville phrase that is often applied to political and societal debates.
Hawks forward Tracy McGrady was sore before he even left the arena after Game 3, and not just because of the sprained ankle he suffered in the first half.
Though largely sympathetic to the cause the students were championing, New Jersey Education Association officials said students should face the consequences of their actions.
If some armed, unknown person were stalking you for some unknown reason, might you not choose to hit first and ask questions later?
Eagan has rezoned a six-acre site for the Eagan Car Club, an unusual storage facility that will sell up to 76 garage units which antique car owners and others can own and customize rather than renting garage space, said city planner Mike Ridley.
Guthard said this month that Yama, as the architect was known, had visited the Taj Mahal in India and was deeply impressed by the beauty of the building as well as the surrounding landscape and reflecting pools.
Cain, who met with Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, apologized at first for calling for an electrified fence on the border with Mexico during a campaign stop Saturday in Tennessee, saying it was a joke. But when pressed Monday by reporters, Cain said he believes an electric fence to keep illegal immigrants and drug traffickers out of the U.S. may be a good idea.
We turned and, arms still raised, began walking. Now I thought I could feel the bullet entering my back, wedging itself in my spine.
Suzanne Lucas*, Lise Russell
He had a 5-shot lead Sunday afternoon with six holes remaining until hitting into the water on No. 13 for a double bogey and hitting into the sand on the next hole for a bogey. Then came the thunderstorms, halting the final round until it resumed at noon Monday.
Legend had it that Muhammed bin Laden was illiterate when he emigrated on foot from his homeland of Yemen to Saudi Arabia. Once there he slowly cobbled together a construction business that, with the eventual help of his sons, grew to a $5 billion enterprise.
Age: 19. Born: April 17, 1992, in Seoul, South Korea.
But food safety experts still fear, with good reason, that if downed cattle are not euthanized, tissue from body parts will be mixed unintentionally with other animal feed, raising the possibility of infecting other animals and spreading the disease. The California Legislature passed the law after viewing evidence that these cows were being included in the state's food supply. Not only is the practice inhumane, but it creates a higher risk for the spread of disease.
Another obscure, trapped-in-time memory was in the summer of 1969, when one of the local radio stations played the rock classic, "In A Gadda Da Vida," in its 17-minute entirety every night at 10. You could stand on a street corner and hear the song coming from several different directions. If you're roughly my age, you may remember it, too. If you're considerably older or younger, you're likely thinking, "What the heck is THAT?!"
85-73 before a crowd of 5,718 on Friday night at Allstate Arena.
According to the city's website, the purpose of the team is to make the city 'safer, stronger, and better prepared to respond to threats of terrorism, crime, public health issues and disasters of all kinds ... through education, training, and volunteer service."
It's just after dawn on Tuesday morning and Schardan is chasing a llama. Or is it an alpaca? Schardan has trouble telling them apart.
Realtor Cottrell, who keeps a close eye on local real estate statistics, thinks the impact on the real estate market here will be tiny. "Short sales and foreclosures are such a minimal part of our market," he said.
A: "We gave them quite a bit. It was fast paced really. We tried to give them everything for the most part. I'd say there was probably only about 10 percent that we didn't give them. And then we've just got to try to improve on all of those things as we go in the fall. But our intent was to expose them to as much as possible. So we've put in most of the defense."
Michael Finn, Peoria's chief financial officer, said that translates to basic facility maintenance and renovations, such as plumbing, roofing, flooring and security systems.
HEALTH FAIR AT GLASSBORO MARKETPLACE, Rowan Boulevard, Glassboro. A free event targeting healthy lifestyle choices from food to exercise and entertainment to information will run 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. in conjunction with the Glassboro Marketplace. It includes free screenings for cholesterol, diabetes and blood pressure. Fitness demonstrations will be presented. Health-themed amusements and activities for children will also be available. www.glassboromarketplace.com.
Apparently you're an elite number-cruncher. If you must have the full aircraft carrier of keys, Matias has a 101-style Bluetooth keyboard that folds in half.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Patty Shwartz released Castanon on $100,000 bail. Attempts to reach his lawyer this evening were unsuccessful.
Many buyers in the Tahoe market are from the Bay Area, where both the housing and job markets are recovering faster than in the Central Valley. When buyers do come from the Sacramento region, they often hail from wealthy enclaves such as Granite Bay.
Jane Carlson, 61, remembers coming to Courthouse Square, just to watch cowboys on Whiskey Row.
Sept. 19: pulled turkey, mashed potatoes with gravy, carrots, Mandarin oranges.
"It's impossible to do it" like the ambassadors suggested, said Cody Tienken, 19, who said he spent a decade in group care and foster homes in the Central Valley and has lived on the streets of south Sacramento since last year. "What do you take for granted when you have a house? A fridge, a freezer and something to cook with."
Seizing on Friday's deal, which would cut $38.5 billion from the fiscal 2011 budget, activists on Tuesday threatened to sit out the 2012 presidential campaign if Obama goes too far with further cuts.
Right after he was drafted in 2008 and right before he had to report to Single-A West Michigan that summer, Avila sat in the same clubhouse when a part-time catching Inge walked up to him.
One of the first reported changes of such long-term damage lies in behavior, Williams said. Patients may display erratic behavior, become more emotionally irritable, even more violent.
Overall, the shrinking venture industry provided Bay Area startups with $1.53 billion in 202 deals during the quarter. That was substantially down from $1.94 billion invested in 268 deals in the previous quarter and $2.35 billion in 219 deals in the quarter before that, according to MoneyTree, a widely used industry survey.
And in the end, Albergo wants these scientists and engineers to know how to have fun while they do it.
The Missouri Highway Patrol is investigating the crash and fire.
Miller was reported missing April 15. Collinsville police found a body Monday night and the Major Case Squad of Greater St. Louis was activated.
But so far, very few private insurers have offered to pay for the screenings.
The U.S. Catholic Bishops are outraged that their religious freedom is being violated because they might have to allow women to have access to birth control in their insurance policies.
Around 5 a.m., the last few pirates fired three farewell shots in the air.
Source: Tempe and Chandler fire departments
calls, including downed power lines, loose aluminum siding, and signs and awnings hanging and coming down, Deputy Police Chief Ralph Scianni said.
The 59-year-old Hitchcock is 534-350-88-70, winning a Stanley Cup with Dallas in 1999-2000 and also coaching at Philadelphia and Columbus. He had been under contract with the Blue Jackets through the end of this season at $1.3 million.
The Cornerstone project was briefly revived and the anchor building demolished when a developer nearly persuaded Giant Eagle to move across the street from Middleburg Heights.
Miami has developed a recent habit for big-name acquisitions. The Heat landed LeBron James and Chris Bosh, and the Marlins added four All-Stars and manager Ozzie Guillen in a recent spree.
A vehicle was rear-ended by another vehicle, causing it to overturn and killing an occupant. The person is identified as Adolf Smith of Palmer Township, Pa., according to lehighvalleylive.com.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed with a gain of 153, erasing a 200-point deficit in the last 40 minutes of trading. It was down for the whole day before turning positive just
However, because such complex attacks usually take significant advance planning, it is also possible that the Taliban were capitalizing on fortunate timing. Mujahid said the target was a "foreign military base."
The new preschool will also strive toward reaching Step Up To Quality, a rating system recognizing early childhood education programs that exceed state expectations.
"You will not believe the level of acting and singing from some of these students," he says. "They compete at the same level as our friend Richard. Unbelievable!"
I don't think the NFL was much interested in getting into another rules skirmish with Kroenke. Had he purchased the Dodgers, Kroenke would have been in violation of the league's cross-ownership policy, because the NFL controls the LA market. The NFL gets to avoid that potential conflict.
Berlusconi was in Moscow for the swearing-in ceremony of his friend Vladimir Putin, elected anew to the Russian presidency.
Traditional white and chocolate remain popular, but decorations can vary widely, from classic monochromatic color schemes to bright pops of color to rhinestone-wrapped cakes with lots of "bling," said Marshall.
Define your spaces. While open living spaces are popular, they can lack intimacy and shape. The sitting room and kitchen, for example, have coffered ceilings that subtly outline the shape of the corridor, living room and kitchen.
This made for something of a role reversal for Clement, who last week urged the Supreme Court to strike down the Affordable Care Act, arguing that it violated the "sovereign" rights of 26 Republican-led states.
Chopstick
Everybody's taking a wait-and-see approach with Young. It's not because of any residual discontent over his conduct in New York, but more likely because this town has yet to truly marry itself to the slugger.
A defense attorney argued to the Missouri Supreme Court last fall that Garvey's setting of a $75,000 cash-only bail was excessive for a felon accused of possessing a loaded handgun in a Washington Avenue nightclub. The high court refused to review it.
Campaign staff members have mixed feelings about the oncoming wave of super PACs.
Mehlville walked six batters and hit another and made mental and physical errors that extended innings. The Panthers' second inning ending with an automatic out for batting out of order.
The bill would increase active management of 8.3 million acres in six national forests east of the Cascades. It would greatly increase thinning and brush-clearing projects over time, reducing fire danger and providing raw material to struggling mills and jobs to a region suffering from high unemployment.
While the NCAA Tournament rolled along Thursday, KMOV often covered the part of the screen containing the score and time left in the game in favor of updates about storms and flooding in the region.
But the Statewides deserve consideration because they focus on places where lots of Oregonians have already gone over the side, and where the remaining lifeboats are considerably overcrowded.
"The key age is the early 80s for men and 90 for women," Perls said. "If you can get to that age without dementia or major heart disease or stroke, it's the idea of getting over the hump into healthy aging."
Each Genesis unit is priced at $1,745 and the Scout units are $1,099 each.
The Booker Team has done numerous mailings, posted countless campaign signs throughout the city and produced several commercials.
Opponents say the law amounts to a government takeover of health care that will not curb medical costs.
Williams told the athletes they should expect to be held to a higher standard, and should accept the public scrutiny that comes with the uniform. He said, "People look up to you. You have a responsibility to live up to that higher expectation."
That being said, I want to call attention to the Cleveland schoolchildren who are left out of the Cleveland Plan -- the more than 5,000 students who receive a school voucher to attend a private school of their choice through the Cleveland Scholarship and Tutoring Program.
Dirksen, however, claims no higher political aspirations.
The desert had been partially tamed though an intricate network of canals and irrigation ditches. Citrus orchards were as common to the landscape as saguaros. On smaller plots of land, farmers grew a variety of fruits and vegetables to sell locally, loading their wagons each morning for a trip to one of Phoenix's many small downtown grocery stores.
Firestone said she did indeed describe polling to some of them that showed voters "are more interested in voting for a doctor than a lobbyist." She said she discussed the polling to show that it's a wide-open race. Williamson does have a much longer list of endorsements -- thanks in part because of her long experience with state government.
The second issue troubles me more. Hotels.com says it can't refund the penalty until it hears from the hotel. I don't buy that. Did it need written permission from the hotel to sell you the room? No, it didn't. Securing a refund should be as quick and effortless as debiting your credit card.
Revisiting history is only part of the thrill for the 82-year-old Asner as he resurrects the smooth-talking villain he played as a side gig at the same time he was on "The Mary Tyler Moore Show." He enjoyed working in Hawaii and bringing new layers to what figured to be a one-off performance.
An iPhone 4, two iPads, 2 MacBooks and an iPod Touch were among the items stolen, police said.
Dudley's queue is creative but cramped and humid. We were happy to be placed finally in the log and encounter several hills and bumps that pushed water into our laps. It was nice to breathe in the open air, and from the high spots we could admire the theme park landscape, including Hogwarts and Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit next door at Universal Studios.
One of the trickiest parts of making custard is combining the eggs with the hot liquid. Dump hot milk into raw egg too quickly and you'll end up with a scrambled mess. The process of tempering prevents curdling by slowly warming the eggs with the hot milk, creating a creamy mixture.
254 West Bigelow Street
4. Al Weiss. The president of Walt Disney World seems to befuddle our panelists. Some ranked him as high as No. 1. A couple left him off their ballot all together. Still, most gave Weiss, 51, high marks, saying there is no doubt he controls the biggest game in town. Disney hasn't always been on the front lines of communitywide efforts to improve such amenities as schools and transportation. But Weiss personally led the region's economic development commission and has gotten more involved. Plus, whatever clout he's had with Disney -- one of the nation's largest companies -- is about to be magnified, since Weiss was recently promoted to president of Disney's Worldwide Operations. He's up one notch in this year's ranking with plans to remain in Orlando.
One of Britain's highest-profile Muslim politicians also joined the debate, saying it was not the government's job to decide what people should or should not wear.
A shining example of how to prepare and adjust is found in the Twinsburg schools, which readied for what turned out to be explosive growth in the 1990s by rallying the community to build a new high school.
The goal of the Schingoethe symposium was to focus on a specific topic of Dairy Cattle Nutrition each year that can range from calf nutrition through lactating dairy cows. The symposium was a combination of invited presentations and selected abstracts that accord with the symposium focus.
Don excelled at sports throughout his high school and college career. He was a star on both the football field and the track team. Don was inducted into the Watertown High School Arrow Hall of Fame in 2001 for his achievements on the field. He was also on the Argus Leader South Dakota All-Time Football Team. He was 5th team All-American running back in 1949. Because of his talent on the field, Don was heavily recruited by many colleges. He received a scholarship from the University of Nebraska and started as a running back in 1951. Don later joined the NSU football team and helped lead the team to an undefeated season in 1953. He was named to the NSU Hall of Fame in 1979. Don was instrumental in starting the wrestling team at NSU.
Last week, defensive coordinator Nick Aliotti acted surprised when told that Gildon did not play at all in Oregon's 43-28 win over WSU, but said he had no information on whether Gildon was injured.
Still, Crutchfield cheered her on at ringside in the finals after driving nine hours from Flint to get to the arena. It was the first time that he wasn't in Shields' corner in six years: "It's been a big adjustment for her and for me," Crutchfield said.
Now the parish claims it needs to tear down the hotel because of money. They say it would cost a projected $1 million just to restore the outside. That does not include $1.5 million to bring the property up to code. Where does the diocese think the money is going to come from?
As with Buffy or Whedon's other fantasy-based creations, the gags make the action go down more credibly as the Avengers battle Thor's wicked brother and a swarm of ugly aliens invading Earth.
High unemployment, slow job growth and tight credit have made it difficult for many to purchase homes. The housing industry received a boost this spring when the government offered homebuying tax credits, but since those expired in April housing activity has fizzled.
All of these postings are based on actual prices paid by Hotwire customers for open (not opaque) bookings. In a distant past, when I was involved with travel research, I would have killed for a database like this. Now, anyone can take advantage.
Big win for St. Joe
"I think anything can be forced to converge. The problem is that products are about tradeoffs, and you begin to make tradeoffs to the point where what you have left at the end of the day doesn't please anyone. You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but those things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user."
To date, their previous credentials are nice to have, but have been rendered meaningless against a field that attracts all comers and grows in talent each year.
That's what North Olmsted High School senior catcher Jordann Sanchez is becoming for the Lady Eagle softball team this spring.
Peninsula Ballet Theatre is at 1880 S. Grant St., San Mateo. Hours are 1 to 7 p.m. Mondays through Fridays and 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays. Call City Arts of San Mateo at 650-522-7522, extension 2787, or visit www.cityartsofsanmateo.org.
Alan & Lorna Stickel
After playing with Miller in 1940, Zarchy rejoined him in the Army Air Forces band in early 1943. As the band's master sergeant, Zarchy was basically in charge of the band, which was made up of enlisted men, for the duration of the war.
Chances are you've already mowed your lawn. But if you haven't, take your mower in for a tuneup if you think it might need it.
That wasn't a huge shock -- TriQuint has been a supplier in multiple generations of the iPhone. But the company's deteriorating financial forecasts and ongoing capacity constraints evidently had inspired some doubt on Wall Street about TriQuint's role in the iPhone 4S.
Just what tilted the balance in Mizzou's favor probably wasn't any one move or moment, but MU was creative and relentless in its efforts - from sending coach Gary Pinkel in by helicopter to make a 'splash," as Yost put it, to monitoring what other schools were doing that resonated with Green-Beckham and matching it to calling a sushi restaurant in Springfield to get the recipe for Green-Beckham's favorite food, fried sushi.
The trail is basically a gated road of gravel and grass off Highway 94, between Interstate 64 and Highway D. It extends roughly two miles toward the Missouri River.
The bidders estimate the new facility, once open, will add 1,225 jobs to Baltimore's economy. The group pledged to try to hire locally, saying it would form partnerships with area community colleges and nonprofit groups to find qualified employees.
Sykes also has asked federal authorities to include Jordan's murder in the FBI's "Civil Rights Cold Case Initiative," an effort to finally solve scores of civil rights-era killings.
Later this month, the Finnish company will release the Lumia 900, its new flagship smartphone. Offered by AT&T, Apple's original partner, and featuring a sleek design and large, 4.3-inch screen, the new device is clearly intended to take on the iPhone and top-of-the-line Android phones.
Feeding is something of a production: Each day, you defrost a pea-size bit of the frozen plankton sent by the company in some prepped saline water, then use a pipette to squirt it at the jellies' underside, being careful not to touch them during feeding. They can be left unfed at the longest for a weekend.
After it moves van production to Kansas City, Ford plans to convert the Avon Lake plant into a large commercial truck plant. The F-550 and F-650 trucks to be built there will be used as dump trucks, utility company service vehicles, cement mixers and other commercial vehicles.
The report predicts the arrival of 463,000 international immigrants, with 83 percent of them nonwhites.
Harris County officials prepared to ship out 1.7 million voter registration cards Tuesday - after an unprecedented nearly five-month delay resulting from a grueling court battle over redistricting.
The petition arrived Wednesday at City Hall with 419 valid signatures -- 35 more than required. City Council met Thursday and approved the election question the day before the filing deadline.
Such shenanigans are commonplace. Usually they backfire.
But Benjamin Stiff, who has pleaded guilty of second-degree murder in Garrison's death, said he did not see Ragusa harm Garrison or hear Ragusa say anything about harming him.
Berkman called the leg "tender" to walk on. He admitted he initially felt discomfort as he ran from second to third base during his triple. Cold conditions at Great American Ball Park didn't help Berkman keep the muscle loose.
Briggs said Swinney told investigators he was just one of many city residents forging partnerships with rural Missouri meth cooks.
Twin sisters Kara (34:29) and Tara Storage (34:40) from Beechcreek were sandwiched around fifth-place finisher Ann Alyanak (34:37) from Bellbrook.
Candidates will present their views and address questions.
JOHN EDWARDS: The former Democratic presidential candidate regretted spending two years denying that he'd fathered a daughter with his mistress: "It was wrong for me ever to deny she was my daughter and hopefully one day, when she understands, she will forgive me. ... I am truly sorry."
Knicks owner James Dolan would also likely object, Zimbalist said, and the two men have much more sway with the NBA than Booker and Shaq.
Esteban, who is Catholic, said he does not anticipate having a non-priest president will have a noticeable impact at Seton Hall. The university will still have a Catholic mission, he said.
"COMMUNICATE WITH YOUR PARENTS AND CLEAN YOUR ROOM!!! BUT TAKE THIS TERRIBLE VIDEO DOWN YOU ARE A CHILD AND SHOULD NOT HAVE THIS KIND OF ACCESS TO THE INTERNET," one commenter screams.
Jeffrey Weingarten, another tea party activist, thinks Highlands Mayor Anna Little will upset millionaire newspaper publisher Diane Gooch in the 6th congressional district. Gooch has the Republican organization behind her. But Little, the underdog, has built up a base of tea party supporters.
Seating will be available in the private party room on a first come basis. Dedicated servers will be available. For reservations in the main dining room, call Katie's Pizzeria at 314-727-8585. This event is free.
"My son was trying to turn his head to get away from the gun," Sanders told the jury.
The problems facing our poorest children in failing urban schools is more complicated than throwing around slogans and blaming teachers.
The local Walmart store used a recent remodeling to improve its surveillance, for example. "As we expanded our store size, we also expanded our resources," said Walmart spokesman Dianna Gee.
JEFFERSON CITY -- If you pass a tougher ethics law, you should provide the staff to enforce it.
2:20 p.m.: Geary repeats the assertion that Marks didn't have all the information because she only read a summary. She responds, "I didn't need to read 100 pages about how he rented a car."
It is, as LACMA director Michael Govan is fond of noting, a process not unlike that facing the ancient Egyptians when they built the pyramids.
"Every week I see people come in here and come to the realization that they are not a loser," said Bob Pautke, president of the group. "There are very qualified and very talented candidates. And the fact is there are a lot of other people out there who are in their position."
"In brief," he replied, "Shortly after the Avalanche was introduced, Chevy and other truck makers started building light-duty crew cab pickups, which have four doors and a spacious back seat. These now account for well more than half of all light-duty pickup sales. As a result, Avalanche sales have tapered off to where we can't justify the investment for a new Avalanche as part of the next-generation full-size truck program, which launches in calendar year 2013."
FICTION: TITANIC ROMANCE
Stealing success: The Rockies aren't running wild, but they are running effectively. Chris Nelson swiped third base in the fourth inning, making the Rockies 7-for-8 this season.
Moody's said Europe remains in a "critical and volatile stage." The pact, Moody's noted, does not address Europe's immediate problem: the crushing debt loads of some nations and their rising borrowing costs. Last week's agreement calls for tougher fiscal discipline among European countries and a central authority with the ability to punish those that spend too much.
Elected officials say that law-abiding legislators understand the line that separates their role as lawmakers from their role as fundraisers. They team up with private sponsors because it's a way to pass good laws, not to raise campaign money, they say.
Booth said the company has "an uncompetitive balance sheet" and will work on cutting debt this year, but he wouldn't say what steps it will take.
Broncos legend Billy Thompson, who works for the team, said bringing out the old color is "all about tradition. I always liked orange. It was a shirt I played under," Thompson said. "It brings back a lot of memories, of course. We were the Orange Crush."
Winds in the area normally come from the west, and the dock where the boats were tied up is sheltered from winds from that direction.
Zambrano finds "Fahrenheit 451" to be "a very interesting story to tell given our situation here," he said. "It's a story about a society where books are banned and critical thinking is outlawed. One isn't supposed to think about the world around them and instead simply accept what is given to them."
Now, 95 years later, they will only meet again if they cross paths in a tournament since A&M is whining its way to the Southeastern Conference while Texas is pouting its way through a continued stay in the Big 12.
No threats were made, Rouches said, and police believe the device was a prank gift.
Office 3: Sean Coen
The Clemens team didn't have the best of starts today, even before entering the courtroom. Clemens forgot his wallet and didn't have his ID, so a court employee was summoned to confirm for security who he was. And Clemens' lawyer Rusty Hardin spilled coffee on his suit jacket and asked the judge if he could continue in a shirt and tie while the jacket dried. U.S. District Judge Reggie Walton obliged.
You'll find all of these bloggers on our Community News page -- www.oregonlive.com/community-news -- which is still under construction. With a simple click on a partner headline, you can navigate to the blog of your choice and explore the web site. You'll also find curated excerpts of partner articles on the various pages of OregonLive as we strive to bring you the best of our community blog partners' content.
When Hydorn appears at her sentencing next week, she'll be told the rules of her probation prevent her from selling suicide kits, among other things, and what her fine is - either $500 or $1,000.
In 2009 the Vatican launched a wide-ranging investigation of all women religious in the U.S., prompted by concern over their commitment to doctrine and tradition as well as the sharp decline in vocations. The number of nuns in America has dropped from 179,954 in 1965 to just 55,000 today.
As one of 10 Vikings who finished 2011 on injured reserve, Brinkley has felt added energy as he plows through the team's offseason conditioning program. Brinkley missed all of last season after having surgery to repair a torn labrum in his right hip.
Massey's own pending acquisition, a $7.1 billion takeover by Alpha Natural Resources, is scheduled to close after shareholders vote June 1.
The 63 case binders hold a profile of Kyron and his family relationships, the names of all who had access or potential contact with him, interviews with more than 1,000 witnesses and detailed diagrams of Skyline School, dubbed "ground zero."
There's more of this. Much more. In fact, the errors in Beinart's book pile up at such a rate that they become almost impossible to track.
Tevye, a poor milkman, male baritone.
Sodium's function
.com.
Gonzalez does not yet have an attorney.
Aveni, along with William Saturno of Boston University and others, report the discovery in today's issue of the journal Science.
Dissenting were Councilwomen Libby Downey and Nancy Selfridge.
"The unions will put in hundreds of millions of dollars. There's nothing like it on our side," he said.
Pianist Anne-Marie McDermott seemed intent on making a statement in the opening concert of the "redefined" San Diego Mainly Mozart Festival at the Neurosciences Institute Auditorium. For the first time, Mainly Mozart is incorporating many of its chamber music offerings into the festival, and as chamber music curator, McDermott is responsible for the programming.
Dozens of inmates, as well as officers contacted by The Bee, agreed that appeals often disappear in many of the system's 33 prisons.
"I think if we're going to look at that group, it might be a little bit like running back by committee," Riley said. "And I don't mean that in a negative sense. I think we have some guys that might be more suited to being a third-down back, like a Jovan Stevenson, Malcolm Marable, then we have some first-and-10 type backs like Ryan McCants, Jordan Jenkins, or we might have a guy emerge through fall camp."
Gillis, who had never visited a Third-World country before, said: "Pictures on CNN don't do justice to what you see right there. It was just chaos. People trying to fight for food - a horrific scene."
Graves was selected through a nationwide design competition, along with the design firm IDEO. Beyond his 47 years of worldwide architectural experience and creative line of consumer products at Target, Graves brings a first-hand understanding of the challenges involved in accessible design. Almost a decade ago, an illness left Graves paralyzed from midchest down.
The theme at practice Tuesday before the Pacers boarded their flight to Orlando was about intensity, aggressiveness and execution. The Pacers played without all three during the first six quarters of the series. They watched as the Magic pursued loose balls and attacked the glass.
Pulte Homes has several new developments that opened last year in inner-ring suburbs. Like most new projects, the developments are smaller than they were five years ago and are in established communities. The company was able to pre-sell nearly half the lots even before opening a sales center.
Brooks, who resigned in July as head of Murdoch's British newspaper operation, is one of the central figures in the scandal over tabloid phone hacking that is shaking the country and Murdoch's News Corp. She has twice been arrested and questioned by police about illegal eavesdropping and obstruction of justice.
"I know it's a very special place," O'Brien said. "What I try to do every single day is go in there with our staff and our players, and work extremely hard to make sure that we carry on the tradition of winning football games and graduating players."
6605 Detroit Ave., Cleveland
Guggenheim Baseball agreed to a 99-year lease with the company that owns the parking lots, a joint venture between McCourt and an entity affiliated with the new team owners. Walter said McCourt would get some portion of the annual $14-million rent, after accounting for expenses and return on investment.
Eight officers are patrolling the high school, and all of the doors have remained locked during classes.
Some of the more popular suggestions: Krewe, Brass and VooDoo. Plus, several fans think Utah should be forced to give Jazz back and come up with something more fitting of Salt Lake City.
Institute president Annette Whittemore said in a statement that the institute was also looking into the allegations.
Under Missouri's nonpartisan courts plan, the governor selects each judge of the Supreme Court, the appellate courts and the trial courts in St. Louis, St. Louis County and three Kansas city-area counties from among three nominees the appropriate commission provides. Associate judges serve for four years, circuit judges for six and the others for 12. Voters elect trial judges elsewhere in the state.
Prices vary, certainly, but carnivores who buy in bulk from a rancher and do their own cutting save money.
Notes: The Cubs put RHP Carlos Marmol on the 15-day disabled list after he suffered a strained right hamstring Friday. The Cubs called up Casey Coleman from Triple-A Iowa. ... Both teams were warned in the second inning after Marcum hit Alfonso Soriano with his first pitch. Braun had been drilled in the back by Volstad in the first inning. ... Bryan LaHair's sixth inning single extended his streak of reaching base safely to 29 games, the longest in the NL this season.
Set in a generic town just after the repeal of Prohibition, it concerns the shady goings on at the City Club, owned by rich kid Chaz Davenport (Andrew Pandaleon). Shaken down by a knife-wielding hood, Chaz reluctantly accepts the protection of a violent, tough-talking police lieutenant (Peter Bradbury) who turns out to have nefarious plans of his own.
Radogno said she was "very pleased" with the development. The examples of abuse in the system, documented for decades by the Tribune and other news outlets, have provided the justification for stopping the program, she said.
The biggest change we'd like to see is the standardization of our industry. We need to get to a "plug and play" environment where systems and applications from different sources work nicely together. The standards now are all different for too many different systems, and we need common standards for all of our equipment. Making changes in a security system should be a seamless process, but that's still a challenge sometimes.
Lutheran North basketball
4. Constructed in 1899, the Ferry Point Tunnel leading to Brickyard Cove is one of the oldest in the state.
"There is an intimate relationship between ethics and law, but one discipline does not substitute for the other," he wrote. "Ethics is a more fundamental and wide-reaching discipline; it concerns private as well as public behavior."
No. 3 Loyola used a desperation goal with one second left in the first quarter to start a three-goal rally and pull away from No. 18 Fairfield, winning, 14-7, in the Eastern College Athletic Conference championship Friday in Denver.
"The only people we are going to exclude are the people who killed others and stole money," Shammam said.
"This is one of the benefits of doing this in St. Louis," Keane told me later as he showed me around the office. "There are a lot of people who go to the coasts for opportunity but would rather be here. We have the pick of them."
The filmmakers have populated the commune with an eccentric cast of characters led by a bearded, dreadlocked guru/hot guy named Seth (Justin Theroux), who immediately sets his sights on Linda. Better known around town for his writing ("Iron Man 2," "Tropic Thunder") than acting, Theroux is so perfect in his enlightened perfection here that it's hard not to applaud the fact that someone finally found the right way to put him center stage.
A consultant, Carolyn Callahan from the University of Virginia, recently performed an independent evaluation of those programs and services.
1017 REDDINGTON TIMBERS DR $180,000
"Freethinkers," a great book by Susan Jacoby, explained that the modern use of the word Christian was pushed to fight Roe v. Wade. The anti-choice people wanted a big-tent word for the religious objection to abortion, and that meant they had to bring all the Protestants and Catholics together if they wanted to claim God for their team. The word Christian did that.
Check with your employer or plan administrator before submitting receipts because some expenses may be excluded for your plan..
The Rock Off was the brainchild of Barry Gabel, now senior vice president of marketing and sales for organizer Live Nation. Back then, Live Nation was Belkin Productions, the local promotion company that owned the club.
Each week, "Fashion Star" contestants make a different article of clothing, like a gown or sport jacket, in three variations using different fabrics, patterns or design techniques. During the first episode, for instance, the designers' task is to make something that defines them. The designs include a men's sports jacket in a pea coat style and another with a stand up collar.
Pawnshop worker Phillip grabbed his trusty guitar for Maroon 5's "Give a Little More" - something Phillip should have done. He started the song strong but couldn't keep it going.
I wouldn't have this soapbox except for my first-grade public school teacher in Alameda, Calif., who didn't hesitate to push me far past "Dick and Jane" books.
Black, whose empire once included the Chicago Sun-Times, The Daily Telegraph of London, The Jerusalem Post and small papers across the U.S. and Canada, had returned to prison last September to finish serving his sentence.
In Pacific Manor, a Walgreens is being built at the site of the old Seaview theater. Behind the shopping center, on Esplanade Avenue, 2 1/2 acres overlooking the ocean were saved from development when the city, in partnership with the Coastal Conservancy, bought the site.
Tayy_xoo: I wish I could like put a note on everyones checkers bag that says #guyasksjustinbiebertopromonyoutube but id for sure get fired
The remodel also seems to have energized the staff; the sommelier was right there when we needed her, recommending a wine in our price range, and the waiters were adept at keeping the experience moving forward.
"If the new government needs some help, it will not be in meeting its targets but in how it implements the necessary policies," he said. "It won't be the end of the world if the measures taken in June stretch to include 2015."
"It was never about revenge for me," Susan King said. "It was about justice for my husband."
"And wouldn't you know it, those birds won't debate me. If they did, I'll bet you a doodle of wild hay you'll see the feathers fly."
They are due in San Mateo County Superior Court for arraignment May 22.
Under Thomas, FIU never won more than 11 games in a season.
In Hempstead, Mike Moore scored 23 points and grabbed 10 rebounds to lift Hosftra (2-1) over St. Francis (0-3).
Hamilton declined to reveal the names he believes are behind what he considers attacks. Reports of Hamilton berating Kuester at practice notwithstanding, Hamilton said he is "cool" with the coach. It didn't much matter after Pistons general manager Joe Dumars announced the buyout of the final two years of Hamilton's contract - an $8 million parting gift.
Chesterfield police and state police have also been involved in the investigation.
Ohio Senate District 23 encompasses much of Cleveland's West Side, as well as Brooklyn, Brook Park, Lakewood, Linndale, Middleburg Heights, Parma and Parma Heights.
My bright red nose was dripping, and my ear tips were screaming to go inside. I had thrown on an old blue parka, and that's what triggered the Chicago flashbacks.
DINNER DATE: Included on the guest list for last night's White House State Dinner for German Chancellor Angela Merkel were Bob Clark, topper of Clayco construction, and Raschelle Burton, a spokeswoman for Wells Fargo Advisors.
Fort Meade Road, 200 block, April 1. Theft from store.
"Everyone is thinking about it now -- the car they're driving, the food they're eating, the clothes they're buying," Tomlinson said. "Each of us can do one little thing, if we just know how."
Pasquini, who has paid $5 to $75 for individual orchid plants, attributes much of her success to careful watering and to exposing the plants to several weeks of cooler temperatures outside, typically in late summer and early fall.
Sony's recent troubles were worsened by factory and supplier damage in northeastern Japan, ravaged by the earthquake and tsunami last year. Sony also suffered production disruptions from the flooding in Thailand.
"So much for that slowing down thing," said Stanton, of St. Louis.
Both companies said that when used properly, their products provide tremendous help to men, with manageable side effects. They said men taking the treatments should be monitored for prostate cancer.
He said that on Thursday he ran into two of the recently released teenagers outside the same grocery he had left on Oct. 21.
Rozier update: While the Shaker guard has not taken an official visit yet, he has already visited Cleveland State, Akron and Kent State unofficially, and plans an unofficial visit to Cincinnati later this summer. In the fall, when he can take his official visits, he's hoping to travel to West Virginia, Illinois and "my dream school," Louisville, he said.
Other growers must sense the same thing, he suspects, thus they leave their fruit on the vine longer and longer, hoping for more flavor, but getting more sugar, more alcohol, higher pH levels and less natural acidity.
Chen is widely admired by rights activists in China who last year publicized his case among ordinary Chinese and encouraged them to go to Dongshigu village and break the security cordon. Even Hollywood actor Christian Bale tried to visit, but was roughed up by locals paid to keep outsiders away.
Aziz Salohovic, 45, fled his home near Srebrenica. Serb forces later destroyed it. He now lives in south St. Louis and works as a machine operator. He's glad that those responsible for the killings were captured and convicted.
"(The bump) was an accident," Brown said. "I was talking to those guys the whole game...I had the right frame of mind."
Valley of the Sallys: Finally, what's little Sally Draper up to? Having a hard time at home with Henry's mom, Pauline (Sally never calls her Grandma). As an odd plot point, the Richard Speck murders of eight student nurses hangs over this episode like a dark cloud (the timing means this is middle of July).
Credit cards: No credit cards, cash or check only.
Like Griglione, Gaines wants to see more kids learn to swim before they can walk as he and his four children did.
"They're not just playing a soccer game, they're playing to heal a wounded country," said Tony DiCicco, the United States coach of 1999 World Cup-winning team. "They have won fans not just in Japan and not just here in Germany but all over the world."
1. Coal Miner's Daughter (1980) Loretta Lynn: Tough task, playing a person who is still alive and known to millions. Still, Spacek brought a remarkable depth and intelligence to the story of county music's greatest female artist. Levon Helm and Tommy Lee Jones are strong in support. Spacek rightfully won the Oscar for best actress, in what is one of the finest performances by an actress I've ever seen.
With temperatures pushing 90 and barely a breeze, scoring conditions were ideal. The average score was 71.72, the lowest for the first round in the 10-year history of the tournament.
By returning, Burke could help bridge the gap to highly-rated 2013 point guard commitment Derrick Walton, who could succeed Burke as the lead point guard -- whenever Burke finishes at U-M.
CLEVELAND BROWNS
Oregon's individual plan for state workers cost, on average, $1,075 a month in 2009.
In 1989, the seventh-ranked Tigers toppled the top-ranked Sooners 97-84 at Hearnes; a year later in Columbia, No. 10 OU beat
"We're still going to play Zumwalt West, Timberland, Troy and the Howells," Gentile said. "Then, we will still see them in districts as well. The coaches will get home-and-home (with the Central division schools). We will get to see some very good competition while still playing (the former GAC South opposition)."
2565 Franklin Blvd., Sacramento
One impediment to Butler joining the A-10 would be travel costs for sports other than men's basketball. The A-10 is more far-flung than the geographically compressed Horizon League.
"Now we're trying to pass on to our children what my parents taught us, it's up to us," Joelle said. "My dad was the person we always talked to about everything. Now if we have a question, we call each other."
Several Pacers who have played in multiple playoff-clinching games talked about how they approach the game.
"If I have to be considered any type of jazz artist, it would be New Orleans jazz, because New Orleans jazz never forgot that jazz is dance music and jazz is fun. I'm more influenced by that style of jazz than anything else."
Gupta, 62, quietly surrendered early in the day at the FBI's New York City office, a few blocks north of the ongoing Occupy Wall Street demonstration against what they call a culture of corporate greed. His lawyer called the allegations "totally baseless."
The issue of Chen Guangcheng's future threatens to overshadow this year's round of high-level strategic and economic talks between the world's two biggest economic powers. Those talks begin Thursday.
Dear Amy: We are very annoyed by the noisy kids next door (boys who are 6 and 8).
Redfern said there is also movement toward bringing a constitutional amendment that voters could decide as early as November 2012. If such an amendment were approved, the congressional lines would have to be immediately redrawn instead of waiting until the next scheduled, once-a-decade redrawing of districts in 2021.
Vote for your favorite.
A: We will deal with the issue as part of the legal matters in front of us, it does not even approach the priority of finding Kyron so we will deal with it then. I have only seen Michael Cook recently since high school, which was during the week after Kyron when missing, so I cannot really comment on any relationship we had. We had just gotten reconnected and were trying to figure all that out.
The Clementis said they plan to announce more details about their newly-formed Tyler Clementi Foundation in upcoming weeks.
West Coast Superstore
Providing a sometimes intimate, sometimes humorous reflection on his year as Obama's chief of staff, Daley also warned that "the nastiness, the meanness, the sort of crassness, coarseness" that has invaded politics is the result of a lack of civility in society as a whole.
It should also be noted that two Massachusetts Democrats, Reps. Barney Frank and John Tierney, say that they are "especially troubled" by Bryson's nomination.
Fortunes convicted: An Aloha couple have been convicted of charges that followed a 2010 officer-involved shooting. Dale Fortune, 63, was found guilty of three misdemeanor charges Wednesday in Washington County Circuit Court. His wife, Sue Anne Fortune, pleaded guilty to one county of interfering with a police officer.
"This was the first time for Santana," said the team's leader, Jon Karanopoulos, in his first year teaching at Santana after 15 years at San Diego High. "We have some extremely bright kids here in Santee. A lot of engineers live in this area. Parents of some of these kids work at SAIC and Qualcomm. This is turning into a little secret powerhouse in the East County."
Baidoa police officer Abdullahi Ahmed said the blast was caused by a roadside bomb, while witness Nur Yusuf said the bomb was concealed in a thermos placed along the street where he sells vegetables.
Old age has little to recommend it. When you get as old as my Friend Wife and I, you live in constant fear of falling, so be warned As you age, tread carefully because a fall can change your lives in ways you never imagined.
Flores-Haro's attorney Michael Rose said he was "disappointed, but not surprised," by the grand jury ruling, considering how rare it is for an officer to face criminal charges for use of force. But he said he's disturbed that police would consider bringing criminal charges against his client.
It's possible the Marlins feel emboldened by the fact that when Pujols had a limited no-trade clause with the Cardinals he would submit a list of teams that he'd accept as a destination and Florida was on that list. So too were the Los Angeles clubs and Houston, he confirmed to Joe Strauss in 2010. Texas also appeared on that list.
The investigation is ongoing and anyone with information relating to this case is asked to call Union County Crime Stoppers at (908) 527-4621. All calls are kept anonymous and confidential.
Brewer, who was ordained in Central Florida and spent 16 years here, was rector of a small, multicultural church in downtown Manhattan when elected to succeed Bishop John W. Howe, who retired after serving 22 years. Apart from his opposition to ordaining gay priests, Howe was a low-key leader given more to intellectual study than community involvement.
"Campaigns are totally different now because of social media and the Internet," McIntosh said. "It is the instant buzz of what the issues are that are out there."
Getz, 28, is a Grosse Pointe native -- he graduated from Grosse Pointe South in 2002 -- and welcomed himself back to the area in front of friends and family with a hardworking, eight-pitch at-bat against Joaquin Benoit in the ninth inning.
"It reminded me of the old days when people used to huddle around the radio," said Narciso Briones, 54, a pharmacist.
Jason Foster, a Charlotte, N.C. native now living in New Orleans, said he grew up with Mystikal. This was his first time at the Jazz Fest and his first time seeing the rapper's live show, which included music by his full brass band "Hot Sausage."
Twenty-year-old Joseph Buckelew III of East Brunswick also must register as a sex offender under the sentence imposed today. And once he's freed, he'll have to serve 10 years of supervised release.
"The key with these fundraising auctions is that you want people to feel simultaneously lucky and guilty but in a non-intimidating way," he said.
Because of constant harassment and communications difficulties in Pakistan's tribal areas, bin Laden encouraged al-Qaeda leaders to leave North and South Waziristan for more distant and remote locations.
3704 E 8th St; 1,200 square feet; on 2/28/2012 for $147,000
They said they are worried about the fate of the bill, which is scheduled to be heard this afternoon by a Democrat-controlled Senate panel that they call the "kill committee."
That means sticking with the rules the PSC approved in June. Proposition C was meant to encourage renewable energy in Missouri, not subsidize it for electric customers in other states.
Brancatelli has what is probably one of the hardest jobs in Ohio. Although parts of North Broadway appear to have succumbed to the housing crisis already, "surrender" isn't in Brancatelli's vocabulary.
Trae didn't get to cook at camp, but he did enjoy the food.
As we prepare for another summer wedding season, brides and grooms everywhere are beginning to tick off their final checklist items.
WILFORK WATCH
Project Jericho offers just about any service a family might need, including something he calls prison coaching. He sits down with the families of those who have been recently sentenced and lets them know what to expect next.
The drawing will be held at 11 p.m.
For a few weeks, East Ninth Street was turned into a war zone where Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Captain America (Christopher Evans) battled Loki (Hiddleston) and other bad guys amid pickup-truck-size hunks of rubble.
Morris was fired by Patients First Urgent Care after he was indicted. Last year, a Patients First representative said that the allegations preceded Morris' tenure with the practice's urgent care facility in Eureka and that Morris had no problems while there.
"Don't worry," Kleem said.
"All of Oregon faces major challenges to its ability to supply safe, sustainable water services to agriculture, businesses and citizens," the Business Plan concluded last fall. The report was written by Gail Achterman, a Portland attorney and natural resources authority.
Once leaves fall, Eisenhower said the litter makes for perfect mulch.
5. What 1960s TV star starred in "Secret Agent" and "The Prisoner"?
(916) 742-5447
While some argue that police should be an integral part, most major police agencies have fought the efforts.
"That picnic shelter, it needs to go ... as fast as we can get it done," Councilman Gary Monahan said.
The primary has already been consumed by talk of spoilers and stalking horses -- who's in it to win it, and who's in it for somebody else.
Altman's Ducks will take on Weber State in the opening round of the CBI Tournament at 7 p.m. Wednesday in Matthew Knight Arena. If they beat the Wildcats, the Ducks will face either Duquesne or Montana on Monday night.
Battle's dance studies led him to the Juilliard School in New York, where he began to recognize that he "had a real love for making movement," he said. His first pieces as a choreographer were noticed by David Parsons, artistic director of Parsons Dance, which Battle joined as a dancer after Juilliard.
Califon: 3.3 percent; $137 for a home assessed at $369,600
But there is one definite advantage we're going to have:
As for the sleigh, or as NORAD puts it, the "versatile, all-weather, multi-purpose, vertical short take-off and landing vehicle," statistics are figured in the cc (candy cane) and lp (lollipop) units of measurement. Figure the sleigh at 75 cc's in length, 40 cc's in width and 55 cc's in height -- or 150, 80 and 110 lp's respectively.
Tyler Rogoway is the operating partner. There are five other investors, including his father. "Our family is fourth generation in retail," Tyler says. LaRog jewelers is the family business. "We understand the service industry."
Parents might even be to blame, in part, for the low test scores for which the school system gets ridiculed: After all, if teachers are giving kids grades they didn't earn so that educators can avoid parent confrontations, it's highly possible the statewide tests some despise are revealing a lack of skills not shown earlier.
Through the years her whole family's been involved in her efforts to fight HIV/AIDS, including her granddaughter Ashley Jemison who lives in Huntington Beach.
It was the most lopsided postseason win for the Spurs since beating the Nuggets by 28 in 2005. San Antonio's playoff record is a 40-point victory over Denver in 1983.
Both men are being held in the Wayne County Jail on $500,000 cash bond. If convicted of the charges, they could face life in prison.
Pujols homered in his 28th game and 111th at-bat with the Angels, who signed him to a 10-year, $240 million contract as a free agent in December, touching off a frenzy that resulted in more than 5,000 extra season tickets being sold. This was his first home run at Angel Stadium, the 31st big league ballpark in which he's hit one.
Among other things, Lewis said midweek of Hillis' outburst on Sept. 26 that "even a blind cat will find a meal every once in while" and that "my son could've run the through the holes we gave him in Baltimore."
"I expect a very tough match," Scovill said. "With them coming off a (tournament) win, they'll be very high and ready to go."
"It's literally been overwhelming the number of schools that have contacted us," Chardon athletic director and English teacher Doug Snyder said. "It's medicine. There's no other way to put it."
"Cut the fat."
Pacific Gas and Electric Co. failed to check nearly 14 miles of gas distribution pipelines for leaks for up to two decades when it lost track of 16 maps needed to guide mandated safety inspections of its system in eastern Contra Costa County, company officials acknowledged to state regulators Friday.
The law requires officers, while enforcing other laws, to check a person's immigration status if there's a reasonable suspicion the person is in this country illegally.
Ostensibly, the concern of the 18 Republicans who rejected the 78 appointments (suburban Akron Republican Kevin Coughlin did support them) is that Republican Gov.-elect John Kasich should be able to choose policymakers who will be in office during his administration, which will begin Jan. 10. That, in some instances, is demonstrable balderdash.
A: I'm working on a solo album, which I'm so excited about.
"That's a special teams and defensive touchdown," Parkway Central coach Mark Goldenberg pointed out. "We built the momentum with the great return, and then we just followed it up with great kickoff return and a defensive stand. That's huge, and it's an absolute team effort."
Ideas like zonal watering - putting plants with similar water needs in one place, often with the thirsty ones as an oasis near the house - integrate well with traditional design schemes such as making a garden most "civilized" nearest the buildings and wilder, more native, farther away.
"It sounded like somebody tossing a Dumpster off a three-story building," said Jan Olson, who was smoking on her deck in the nearby Evergreen Estates apartment complex.
Dennis Morgan, of Millville, made it two years in a row when he checked in a 22 1/2-pound bird. Brian Dan Druges, of Philadelphia, had the heaviest bird of the week, a fat 23 1/2-pounder. Walt Hughes Sr., Leesburg, had a 21-pounder. Cam Trimble, of Millville, a 20-pound bird. Steve Nardelli, of Cedarville, a 20-pounder. Jeff Henderson, Dividing Creek, 20-pounder. Greg Henderson, Dividing Creek, 20-pounder. Ronald Engle, Cedarville, 22-pounder. Wayne Harris, Greenwich, 21-pounder. Robert Carroll, Vineland, 21-pounder. Sharon Bart, Newport, 21-pounder. Dalton G. Hughes, 20-pounder.
Kang Zhengguo (W.W. Norton, 456 pp., $15.95)
Briefly: Manny Ramirez is 7-for-28 with a double at extended spring training. ... Michael Ynoa is scheduled to pitch Tuesday at extended spring training. Ynoa had Tommy John surgery in 2010.
"I told him 'Good game. Welcome back,'" Aldridge said.
The deal comes only a week after San Diego's Ardea Biosciences was purchased by British drug maker AstraZeneca for $1.2 billion. AstraZeneca is moving to replenish its drug pipeline and wanted a diabetes therapy that Ardea developed.
The 2011 season was a big one for the switch-hitting Cabrera. He started the All-Star Game for the American League after hitting .293 (105-for-358) in the first half. For the season he hit .273 (165-for-604) with 32 doubles, three triples, 25 homers and 92 RBI.
Some of the state's other provisionally accredited districts are in rural areas, where some of the same problems of literacy and concentrations of high poverty exist.
Contrary to what we may have been told most of our lives - that eating chocolate surely will make us fat, overcaffeinated and candidates for future heart attacks - it appears the opposite may be true.
Individual tickets for the Dinner With the Stars benefit, which includes dinner and the concert, start at $500. But a special $80 concert ticket is available as well.
After the championship game, numerous small fires were set, dozens were arrested and doctors had to amputate the foot of a man shot during street celebrations. Police said they were trying to find the shooting suspect.
Association of Northwest Steelheaders, Tom McCall Chapter: Dick Jacobs will speak on "Herring Rigging and Fish Tales." 11:30 a.m. April 18. The Old Spaghetti Factory, 0715 S.W. Bancroft, Portland. $13. RSVP by April 16 to fshn@comcast.net.
Employees "may remain with Dana through recruitment processes or job-posting provisions under our labor contracts," Hartlage said. "Outplacement assistance and severance pay will be provided to employees who do not secure ongoing employment with Dana."
Any suggestions on what we can do to avoid another "Blue Christmas"? - Young and in love
31688 Marigold Dr., $171,000
Also worth noting: Several senior managers in place when Disney first articulated the standalone-resort strategy are no longer with the company's parks division.
Attorneys representing the other three defendants either declined to comment today or didn't immediately return messages seeking comment.
But people can get swamped by social media and spend too many hours a day on the computer (or TV). Just two hours a day sitting in front of either one ups your risk of developing type 2 diabetes by 20 percent and heart disease by 15 percent.
Assists/Turnovers: Team (13.5/14.4); Peyton Siva 5.5/3.5; Chris Smith 2.0/1.1.
Former Republican Gov. Arne Carlson said of Rukavina: "He's really a good man, a good legislator and a fierce fighter for the Range. He's also a very solid negotiator. I thoroughly enjoyed negotiating with him."
In the next breath, Ventura echoes the will of so many others, assuring whoever's listening that he's all about work.
Jones was hitting .438 with three doubles, one home run and 13 runs batted in for the Orioles (6-5 heading into games at Ben Davis and Fishers April 24 and 25). The 6-1, 200-pound Jones hits in the No. 3 spot in the lineup and is a strong defensive presence.
FreshDirect will add 1,000 new jobs over the next decade and spend $112 million to build a new headquarters in a part of the South Bronx that is plagued by joblessness, the city's Economic Development Corp. boasts.
Up Next: Winner plays Fort Zumwalt East/Troy winner in Saturday's Class 4 quarterfinals
Then he underwent six rounds of chemotherapy and 34 rounds of radiation and began a five-year course of Tamoxifen - treatment similar to that of a woman diagnosed with an aggressive form of breast cancer.
"Listen, I made the monologue," the governor and rumored future presidential candidate told us. "There's no such thing as bad publicity."
Others are still waiting to tie the knot. Before taking off with the Dykes on Bikes, Kristin Florin, 32, of Stockton said from the back of a Harley-Davidson that it was nice to have a day off from wedding planning. Florin, wearing a pink and white veil, recalled the hope felt at Pride 2004, the year Newsom legalized marriage in San Francisco. Those marriages were later invalidated by a court.
The auction featured items donated by a host of well-known folks. DenverMayor Michael Hancock parted with a necktie he had worn at his inauguration. Colorado's former first lady, Frances Owens, gave evening gowns by Niki Livas and Laundry; philanthropist Arlene Hirschfeld relinquished a black-and-white checked Escada suit. JudiWolf, the 2012 Citizen of the Arts, gave a black cocktail dress by St. John, and Denver Art Museum president Cathey Finlon contributed a pair of vintage gold-toed black satin Yves Saint Laurent flats.
Liquids: It's wine country; prepare to sip. Farm to Fork's dining area shares space with Press, A Wine Bar & Bottle Shop. A recent three-wine flight of whites ran $15, but the generous pours and interesting wines justified the price. Or choose from Hot Lips sodas, Vignette Wine Country Sodas (made from varietal wine grapes but nonalcoholic), house-made ginger-peach iced tea or local microbrews.
The display was reminiscent of their showing in a 17-16 overtime loss to UMBC on April 21. In that game, Resetarits recorded four goals and three assists, Ty Thompson finished with five goals and two assists, and Miles Thompson added three goals and one assist.
At the tasting counter, visitors on any given day can make their way from a light and lean pinot grigio to a rich and persistent petite sirah, all made with foothill grapes.
The company also charges homeowners for the cost of foreclosures. Aeon pays its attorneys $2,975 per case and attempted to charge homeowners $2,500 for taking the case to court.
"We're changing the culture and changing the way we look at things," said Hoelzer, who helped implement the system about three years ago. "Any size agency can and should implement this."
Fountain Bowl
Cnet rating: 8 out of 10 (excellent)
-- A.T.
He said later that his 2006 race had freed him from the "tribal partisanship" that has come to dominate Washington.
"Prior to the St. Louis offer to accept Baby Joseph, a number of U.S. hospitals had refused, on medical grounds, to accept him, noting in doing so that London Health Sciences Centre was delivering the most appropriate care possible," reads a statement released after Joseph left Canada on Sunday. "A network of special interest groups refused to accept these facts and attempted to interfere ... by advocating for a hospital to accept the baby to implement an alternative care plan."
"I was shocked, really surprised" to be chosen, said Ledesma, whose jewelry pieces are inspired by her study of architecture.
But the performance turned heads and touched hearts.
A Although Americans would call this a "lawyer's bookcase," the name "barrister's bookcase" better reflects its origin. The Minty Limited Library Specialists at St. Clement's, Oxford, England, was founded in 1880 and produced a large variety of household furniture, including this piece. Cornwell Parker bought out Minty in 1992 and furniture production came to an end. Your bookcase would likely be priced at $2,000 to $2,800 at retail and would sell for $800 to $1,000 at auction.
10200 Musick Rd, $126,200
Seghal's study isn't the first to criticize U.S. News' methodology.
Shares of Sears rose 4.13% in premarket trading Tuesday to $56.
Licensed brokers in Ariz.: 260.
The restaurant's chef left late last year, and now its general manager is
"We both appreciate moderation," she says of herself and Brin when I ask whether it isn't a touch ironic that she's among those leading the charge. "I think we're pretty intense. We really enjoy what we do, and we obviously enjoy being online, but there are other things. It's really nice to be with our family. It's nice to unplug."
Adams consulted with team athletic trainer Tim Bream and discovered he had gout, a form of arthritis that causes sudden and sometimes severe attacks in the joints. It is a result of high levels of uric acid in the blood. When the body has too much uric acid, needle-shape crystals deposit outside the bloodstream, normally around the joints.
Darnell McDonald, an African-American outfielder in his third year with the Red Sox, said: "I've had the n-word written on my car, in Boston. It's individuals, man. Racism is everywhere; I'm not just going to say Boston. It's just unfortunate that people are that ignorant."
Following that assault, the Q Center responded with an event called Hands Across Hawthorne, which brought more than 4,500 people to the Hawthorne Bridge to hold hands and demonstrate against the violence, according to the Q Center.
U beats Iowa at Dome
Favorite musician: Rascal Flatts
Donald T. Hart, Baltimore
Republican board members Jeffrey Timmer and Norman Shinkle voted to not allow this issue to be on the November ballot, claiming that the headline on the petitions was too small. It's strange no one who signed the petition complained that the headline was too small, but the two Republican board members did.
His survivors include his wife, Pamela; his sons, David and Maurice; and a daughter, Kristin.
In a statement Monday, the American Red Cross praised "her vision and her compassion under the most challenging circumstances" and credited her for improving the organization's ability to respond to disasters and "ensure the safety and adequate supply of the nation's blood."
Dusting off my old poli-sci major hat, I suggested a few nontheological reasons: a pro-choice record while Massachusetts governor, a seeming lack of authenticity (a quality evangelicals found especially important in their leaders in the 1990s and 2000s), ready identification with the Southern Baptist minister and then-Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee. But the real reasons, I said, come down to theological differences.
The words to the entire anthem are on the inside of the jackets and sweatshirts. The polo shirts have the words to the beginning of the song under the collar.
A new government report identifies 2,600 pharmacies that made questionable billings, including a Kansas drugstore that submitted more than 1,000 prescriptions each for two patients.
"We tell the (Syrian) regime to stop the massacres against the Sunnis, otherwise, you will bear the sin of the Alawites," the Al-Nusra Front said. "What is coming is more bitter and painful, with God's will."
Davids left Germany in 1997 to go to film school at Cal State Long Beach. He was working at a local TV station in Long Beach, where he met Robert Bell and Robert Jax. Years went by and the three met up again at a trade show, when Davids mentioned he wanted to make a surfing film.
The students began their journey walking from Miami to Washington, D.C., where they met with law enforcement officials and political leaders along the way.
Obama has no public events scheduled during his 11-day vacation, and aides said he planned to spend much of his time at the luxurious oceanfront home his family was renting in Kailua.
Province of Florence president Andrea Barducci will attend, heading a delegation from Florence. Accompanying them will be pianist Edoardo Turbil and cellist Miriam Prandi from the Scuola de Musica di Fiesoli in Florence.
"People probably look at him as not coming from a fancy league or they don't know much about him," Spencer said. "He's always a willing worker whether you put him in to start the game or if you put him in the last five minutes of the game."
Logan Couture scored in the first period for the regular-season Western Conference champion Sharks, and Patrick Marleau had a short-handed goal in the second as San Jose built 2-0 lead.
Knowledgeable Republicans have good arguments on many issues that are worth debating. But in order to elect officials who believe in these tenets, they have accepted the help of people with ideas that have nothing to do with rational discussion.
Arnold: A dog swim will be from noon to 4 p.m. at the Arnold Recreation Center Outdoor Pool, 1695 Missouri State Road. Dogs under 25 pounds will swim from noon to 2 p.m. Dogs over
MYANMAR
"Jesus Henry Christ." MPAA rating: PG-13 for some violent images, language and smoking. Running time: 1 hour, 25 minutes. At the Mann Chinese 6 in Hollywood; Laemmle Monica 4 in Santa Monica; Laemmle Encino Town Center 5.
The 32-seat restaurant, with 16 additional seats outside, has a modern look. It's managed by the same team that owns and runs Nopa: Jeff Hanak, chef Laurence Jossel and Allyson Jossel. However, the menu is created and executed by co-chefs Jose Ramos and Gonzalo Guzman, both Nopa veterans.
"It would be nicer if they actually had some kind of focus," said Johanna Malmud, a 30-year-old options trader. Just then the protesters began thumping drums and shouting again and making random speeches.
The prizes are a 65-inch TV, four Disney World park tickets for seven days, an iPad 2, a Dell laptop, a round of golf for four and a $100 ShopRite gift card.
Ryan Ouimet, 24, appeared in Franklin Superior Court in Farmington, Maine, today. He faces a manslaughter charge in the May 31 shooting that killed Andrew Holland.
Another former Cardinal/golfer stressing basics was Rich Hacker, who said today's major leaguers are deficient in taking a lead off third base.
Those drilling techniques are raising some environmental concerns, but given its availability and cost, natural gas power will almost certainly grow from its 23 percent share of today's mix.
Somebody find a chicken.
"One show vote in the Senate where they caved in to a threat of a filibuster?" he said. "That is a fight? That is what goes for a fight these days? If Republicans want to get on the floor of the Senate and defend tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires, and taking away unemployment insurance from families just before Christmas, let them talk it for four or five or six days, and see what the American people think about it."
Consumers often try to reduce their risk of lead by buying water filters, but most popular refrigerator pitchers, like Brita and PUR, don't filter out enough lead to meet the industry filtering standard. Many filters that connect to faucets or are installed under a sink do meet the standard but are less popular.
Molina is a team leader, the best catcher in baseball, and the Cardinals are keeping him. And I don't think that would have been possible had they kept Pujols.
Hannon also worked as chief legal counsel for the Ohio Department of Veterans Services.
"Frankly, our enemies have to be laughing at us for trying to deport a bunch of Americanized kids to foreign countries," said Stock, a professor of national-security law at the University of Alaska in Anchorage who spent her final years in the military working on citizenship and immigration issues. "We paid to educate them, they're acculturated, they fit in. It's not like they're going to have trouble communicating with other people in the military."
CHEERS . . . to news that manufacturing in Northeast Ohio is showing serious signs of a surge. The U.S. Small Business Administration has made $59 million in loans to area manufacturers this year, up from $19 million two years ago. That's encouraging.
"Were he to be alive and struggling I would anticipate there to have been injuries," Shepherd said.
Pepper, whose first term on the council will expire in April 2013, said he saw no reason why he should not be able to serve on both the council and the school board.
About 60 percent of the eagles are in South Jersey, with most in Salem, Cape May and Gloucester counties, she added.
Jack Jewsbury gave the Timbers their first goal in the 48th minute when he drilled an open shot in the box into the corner of the net. The Timbers scored their second goal two minutes later after Jewsbury's free kick deflected off Eric Brunner to Kevin Goldthwaite, who scored.
Introducing Laura Beck, Colleen Patrick-Goudreau, and Melisser Elliott
How sad. Elections are as American as apple pie. A revolution was fought for the right to be independent and to have a representation-style government. Women marched for the right to vote, so did African Americans. I would hope we could do better.
Odds are good that's part of the "Extreme Makeover" plan, although no one has shared details of the design team's intentions with Ed Roberts, the OSD dorm counselor who founded the haunted house 23 years ago.
Frank said, "I have two teenage boys, but I do the lawn myself. It looks good."
And Florida officials approved the first ferry service direct from busy Clearwater Beach to Caladesi Island. It started operating last month.
The B.F. Goodrich Co.dubbed the creation the "zipper" when using the device in its then-line of rubber boots. Still, it would take years before the fashion industry became hip to the zip.
The coconut curried tofu carries the vegan all-clear symbol at this Jamaican restaurant. It's made with firm soya chunks marinated in Blue Mountain curry, coconut milk and Pickapeppa, then sauteed with thyme, garlic, Roma tomatoes and carrots ($10.50).
(05-03) 14:17 PDT -- For quite a while, Giants fans were looking to the day Barry Zito's contract expires, when all those millions would be cleared from the payroll and used on players acquired as difference-makers, preferably hitters.
But "The Trinity Six" is also solidly in-genre. Sam Gaddis is a perfect thriller character: He's handsome, smart and perhaps a tinge mysterious. "With his crooked good looks, Gaddis would have been a natural for television, but he valued his privacy too much." He's weak around beautiful and smart women and dutiful to his 5-year-old daughter. He can defend himself with a gun, but he's usually a humble Everyman who understands that people have "better things to be spending their hard-earned cash on" than his books. Yet faced with major money problems, Gaddis becomes heroic, wielding his occupation as one would a sword: "It was the only solution. He would have to work his way out of the crisis. He would have to write."
So far this year, GM's market share has fallen to 24 percent from 31 percent last year, while Ford's has risen to 18 percent from 15.5 percent. Chrysler's Northeast Ohio market share has slipped to 9.8 percent so far this year, from 10.3 percent a year ago.
That was the case for Julie Kroenig, a 1999 graduate of Oakville High School who attended her 10-year reunion last summer.
"Other companies have so many athletes that they sit around for years with hopes of being marketed," Mirchin said. "If they want to pick up a check and not build a brand, that is not the person we are looking for."
Katey Sagal - Sons of Anarchy
4. Sillia, Phillip G, Jr 52,240 $28 North Olmsted, OH
Arenz says alliance members, who work with 95,000 of the state's most vulnerable kids each year, "have been struggling to receive payments for services they have performed under DHS contracts."
But Rivera's contract is not enough, Hoyas said.
Vehicle burglary. 500 block N. Heatherstone Drive. Reported at 10:57 a.m.
March 16: lemon pepper fish, sweet potato puffs, zucchini and tomatoes, pineapple cake, wheat bread.
Uh, no thanks.
Vault (49.125): t1. Kylie Shields (AUB), Katie Zurales (MICH), Joanna Simpson (MICH) 9.925. Other OSU Scores: Leslie Mak 9.850; Kelsi Blalock 9.850; Makayla Stambaugh 9.825; Chelsea Tang 9.800; Brittany Harris 9.800; Melanie Jones 9.725.
A bunch of people are sent through, with good-enough scores. Then we see the bottom six. They all deserve to be there, based on what they sent down the runway. It's hard to know whether it was the time constraints or lack of imagination that accounts for why so many of these look so bad.
Tuesday: Partly sunny. High 72.
Buoyed by the atmospheric and often sad-eyed beats from A$AP member Clams Casino, Rocky's minimalist yet venomous flow made for incredibly dark party music. Spooky singles including "Peso" and "Purple Swag" felt tailor-made for an era of laptop nihilism.
The win, combined with a loss by Tampa Bay, gave the Orioles (13-8) a share of the American League East lead with the Rays.
Is the bench poised to contribute more with more opportunity?
The victim is being cooperative, although no arrests have been made, Colon said.
Shea emailed to simply say, "I can't comment on anything related to this right now."
7. Jon Jay, CF
"What Fleming created was a very conflicted character," he told reporters in Istanbul, where the movie is currently shooting.
4 ounces (about 4 cups) chopped collard greens
His position on value-added analysis itself was harder to discern. In the speech and an interview Saturday, he voiced strong criticisms of the approach, which estimates the effectiveness of teachers based on student progress on standardized tests. But when pressed repeatedly on whether he would try to take value-added off the table, he declined to answer.
LensVector embodies the tech mantra of smaller, faster, cheaper, better. It is touting a "breakthrough" solid-state technology, about the size of an infant's fingernail, that can replace the bulky, breakable mechanical autofocus now common in the burgeoning micro-camera market. LensVector is ramping up to serve an industry that in 2012 is expected to ship 2 billion micro-cameras in mobile phones, laptops and other devices.
"This is a totally, outrageous proposal," Coleman said. "This is balancing the budget on the backs of the recreation department. It's like clear-cutting a forest and leaving nothing behind. We're just hoping that the county council will find a way to cut something else."
SACRAMENTO -- The Cavaliers announced that guard Delonte West bruised his left lower back during the third quarter of Thursday night's game at Phoenix.
Tapping into his own emotions was just as hard for Jesse as it was for his grandfather. He realized he was really writing about the generations: Some lives run in parallel; others intersect. The crossings are the real connections.
Wise up, legislators and The Sun. I am a taxpayer and I am mad as hell and am not going to take it anymore!
Less than 30 minutes after arriving on Mackinac, I've come to a couple of conclusions: You're never far from a fudge shop on the island, and you're never far from a horse.
Residents are invited to join Somerset County Freeholder Patrick Scaglione and representatives from the Somerset County Cancer Coalition and the Cancer Support Community of Central New Jersey for the kickoff of Skin Cancer Awareness Month at 12 p.m. on Tuesday, May 8, on the steps of the historic county courthouse on Main Street. (In case of inclement weather, the kickoff will be held in the lobby of the county Administration Building, at 20 Grove St.)
The House committee will likely draft a substitute bill before forwarding it to the full House for debate. But Jones said expanding charter schools statewide is non-negotiable, especially as several St. Louis County school districts struggle with accreditation..
"We have a huge opportunity here in the playoffs and we have to try and capitalize on it."
More than 800 guests began the evening with cocktails and snacked on smoked salmon canapes before making their way to dinner in the luxuriously appointed ballroom. During dinner, NBC5's Peggy Kusinski emceed an emotional program honoring doctors who have made a difference in heart research and care.
49770 Potomac Ct., $90,000
But the reason Mourdock is in a position to challenge Lugar at all goes back to Mourdock's May 19, 2009, decision to be the nation's lone government official to challenge the auto bailout.
At the time of his plea, prosecutors agreed to dismiss the allegations connected to Louis Manzo.
Access Missouri, the state's largest need-based scholarship program, would need an additional $7 million from the state to award students the maximum level of scholarship amounts, the
The hunt for Adam Mayes and the two young sisters encompassed parts of at least three counties in northern Mississippi.
All were stabbed repeatedly.
The vote came after a sometimes fiery floor debate in which Democrats urged Republicans not to approve the plan. DFLers said the plan unfairly targets certain areas of the state, which are mostly Democratic strongholds.
But Paterno, whose football program bore the motto "Success with Honor," could not withstand the backlash from a scandal that goes well beyond the everyday stories of corruption in college sports.
"I think it's hard for people to be self-disciplined enough to give up email," she said. "But I could see people taking a day off of email if they could afford it, and their supervisor let their colleagues know that this person won't be responding to emails. It would be good for their health."
The record stood for a long time, but the series finale of "M*A*S*H*" in 1983 is no longer the most-viewed television program. With 51.7 million households tuning in, Super Bowl XLIV is the new champion, Nielsen says. "M*A*S*H*" was watched in 50.2 million homes.
One of the volunteer leaders, Nancy Scileppi of Summit, felt the meeting achieved its purpose as the officials, "gave us the opportunity to present our concerns and issues for consideration before moving forward with the recommendation to privatize.
1. Detention officers hit with $855K judgment in abuse lawsuit A Peoria man accused - and later acquitted - of murdering his infant son in 2003 won a second legal battle this month when a jury found two Maricopa County Sheriff's detention officers liable for abuse and awarded him $855,000 in civil damages.
The issue gained new urgency last August, when a high-speed crash near San Diego killed an off-duty California highway patrol officer and three family members. The officer's loaner Lexus ES350 reached speeds of more than
The University of Sydney revealed the product Ivory Wave (aka Cloud 9) contains a potent psychoactive chemical called methylenedioxypyrovalerone (MDPV or bath salts). People who used Ivory Wave say it is several times stronger than cocaine when snorted and that it "provides profound stimulation and empathy, as well as mild, yet blissful, euphoria." This sensation diminishes rapidly, however, leaving the user with a strong urge to snort again. Users get a temporary sense of an amphetamine-like high by snorting, injecting, or smoking the bath salt. After the intense high, users are left with a painful hangover.
A. (Yes), across state lines or on a national basis. Right now, large companies have the ability to offer one insurance product in multiple states. They have protection under ERISA (the Employee Retirement Income Security Act) and the Labor Department, and they're not subject to the individual laws in each state. If you're GM and you have plants in 25 states, you can offer one set of products in all 25 that meets the best needs of your employees. In our similar approach that we've tried to get for several decades, bunches of small businesses would be able to purchase health care like General Electric or GM and offer one set of products in multiple states and have the same purchasing power and clout when they negotiate with insurance companies.
Hitchcock has moved several times. He coached in Dallas for seven seasons, a lifetime by NHL coaching parameters. He won the Stanley Cup in 1998-99 and went to the finals in back-to-back seasons. But he had to move on to Philadelphia for four seasons, then to Columbus, where his departure was especially unkind.
"It just got away from me at the last minute," said Jackson, who snow-coned it in his glove for a second before his glove hit a fence pole and jarred it loose. "I try to make every play that I can. Unfortunately, I couldn't come up with it."
Mexico's 2,400 mayors occupy a dicey spot on the front line of the country's war on drug traffickers. They are prime targets for bribe offers because they oversee local police. And well-meaning mayors are hard pressed: Most municipal governments have skimpy tax bases from which to equip and pay police well enough to break long-standing graft.
When figuring out what you can afford, think about additional expenses you have and whether you can handle them after taking on a mortgage. Ferri asks his clients to think about how much they are willing to sacrifice in exchange for home ownership.
"The Avengers," which opens the summer movie season on May 4, gathers a galaxy of Marvel comic book heroes into one dream team to battle an alien mastermind with dastardly designs on Earth. Based on a comic book series that was first published in 1963, and created by the legendary dream team of Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, "The Avengers" brings together a slew of Marvel characters that usually front their own summer movies, including Iron Man (Robert Downey, Jr.), Captain America (Chris Evans), The Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), Thor (Chris Hemsworth, Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner).
But other environment and recreation-industry groups bristled, combing documents as they pertain to oil and gas leases, not ruling out legal challenges. Most groups acknowledged improvements over previous versions but were planning to press aggressively for changes.
Could have been killed
Times staff writer Anne Harnagel contributed to this report.
Fourth time's the charm: Josh Judy rejoined the Indians on Friday for his fourth tour with the big-league club this year. The first three ended so quickly they almost didn't count. This one should last all month.
He came to the U.S. on Feb. 9, 1952, and eventually settled in Seven Hills, a middle-class suburb of Cleveland.
Boys become men awkwardly, forming brotherhoods in their late teens and early 20s that sear their memories -- before yielding to adulthood, and with it women and marriage, and kids and parenthood.
What were supposed to have been complete sets of records were provided to the Area 5 detectives, Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez and the inspector general - records the police now acknowledge were incomplete.
Using a slotted spoon, remove the apples from their liquid and stand upright in a serving dish deep enough for the reduced liquid to be poured over. Remove zest and cinnamon stick and continue simmering to reduce the liquid to a syrupy consistency. Serve warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream or at room temperature.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Senate Republicans defied President Barack Obama on one of his top election-year issues Monday, derailing a Democratic bill forcing the top U.S. earners to pay at least 30 percent of their income in taxes.
"I got the phone and it said 'San Jose,' and I said, 'Oh, my God,' " Jenkins said. "It was just amazing. I'm at a loss for words right now. It's a dream come true."
To be sure, Obama opposed the Iraq war, a drain on federal coffers for six years before he became president. But with one major exception, he voted in support of Iraq war spending.
Kelly, joined by linebackers coach Don Pellum, delivered. According to Armstead, Kelly came across as honest, charming and straight forward. But most of all, he didn't oversell. He didn't pressure. He didn't revel in hype. He simply made Armstead feel like attending Oregon would be the place for him to begin his adult life.
"The ... statue is imbued with great meaning for the people of Cambodia and, as we allege, it was looted from the country during a period of upheaval and unrest, and found its way to the United States," Manhattan U.S. Atty. Preet Bharara said in a statement released by his office. "With today's action, we are taking an important step toward reuniting this ancient artifact with its rightful owners."
"Our bench hasn't been able to score," McMillan said. "And our first unit was playing well, so I ended up going back to those guys to get them in quickly."
12:05 to 12:30 p.m.; Chaplain Rick Johnson will lead the prayer; at Lamoreaux Justice Center, 331 The City Drive South, Orange; guests must use the paid public parking at Dawn Way and The City Drive. Information: 714-721-6688.
"I knew I could do something else," he said. "That made it easier to not succeed. I knew I could have a good life, make a good living away from golf.
False hopes for the Flyers. Danny Briere looked like he ended it with a goal 2:13 into OT. Matt Carle's cross ice pass gets deflected then knocks off Briere's left foot into the net but the goal was overturned.
Christina Feeney, a Jumptap spokeswoman, didn't address a question about whether this amounts to circumventing an Apple privacy feature, but stressed that the company supports other industry efforts to allow consumers to opt out of targeted ads.
"The statement in our 2011 annual report . . . is meant to convey (that) whether we renovate or relocate, the majority of spending would occur over the next few years," she said via e-mail.
With the only other remaining midsize trucks the Toyota Tacoma and the Nissan Frontier, GM could carve out a larger piece of the midsize market, analysts said.
Sandusky lawyer Joe Amendola, citing a gag order in the case, declined to comment on the merits of the prosecution motion, but said he would respond in a court filing next week.
Connally hopes that as council's to-do list relaxes, council can switch to a twice-a-month schedule.
The Social Security Administration announced the pay increase Wednesday, offering a measure of comfort to millions of retirees and disabled people, many who have seen their retirement accounts dwindle, home values drop and out-of-pocket medical costs rise in the years since their last raise.
As soon as his wife showed him the American River Parkway and its lengthy paved cycling path, Efimkin was ready to move.
In addition, the head of the office of health transformation and an unspecified director position that are yet unfilled are slated to make $120,000 and $100,000, respectively.
"It keeps me grounded," she says. "It keeps people feeling that they are connected with their government."
Angels first baseman Albert Pujols hit his team-leading fourth home run, a laser to left field against Mark Hamburger, in the first inning.
The 2.2 percent overall increase in the economy in the first quarter marked the 11th consecutive quarter that the gross domestic product has expanded since the deep 2007-2009 recession ended in June 2009. But the gains have been far below the usual increases coming out of a deep recession.
This essay originally ran in "The Skanner," a website and newspaper published in Portland and Seattle. Bruce Poinsette graduated from Lake Oswego High School in 2007 and in June from the University of Oregon, where he wrote opinion pieces for the student newspaper, the Oregon Daily Emerald. He now writes for "The Skanner" and blogs at www.brucepoinsette.com. He continues to live in Lake Oswego.
NOTEBOOK: The Predators feature the NHL's top power play overall (21.6%) and top power play at home (22.9%). The Wings finished 18th on the penalty kill (81.8%), but they have been perfect (31-for-31) in the last seven games.
All-Purpose Wineglasses
Even without the iconic painting on hand, today we'll remember Black Sunday of May 1982. There'll be a reckoning by oil shale survivors, a time to look back as well as forward. I'm hoping to be at a reunion in Grand Junction hosted by former Exxon employees, some of whom were forced into retirement.
Hakim and state transportation Commissioner Jim Simpson, who chairs the authority, today outlined a series of reform measures.
Sara Lee does use the Douwe Egberts brand name for its coffee, but Cummins said it's a brand the company has marketed to restaurants and other trade buyers, not the retail market.
The union, which represents about 800,000 workers in Daimler's home state of Baden-Wuerttemberg, is seeking a 6.5% pay raise, unrestricted full-time hiring at the end of apprenticeships and more say over the employment of temporary workers. The union rejected as a provocation a 3% wage increase offered April 19 by the Gesamtmetall manufacturing employers' association Baden-Wuerttemberg branch.
During and in the aftermath of the recession, a husband is 42 percent more likely to be out of work than his wife among spouses ages 55-64.
PROTECTION ORDER VIOLATION: On April 5, a 55-year-old resident of the 1500 block of Wayne Lantern Avenue, Madison, was arrested in the 1900 block of Grand Avenue, Granite City, on a charge of unlawful violation of a protection order, second subsequent offense.
Impact in movie: Intent on reigniting what he calls "the Avengers initiative," superspy Fury sets the film's premise in motion. But his motivations are possibly less than noble, and certainly less than clear.
"Um ... no."
But I'm not complaining, even though I'm not that optimistic that we'll still be talking about music at the fronton by Christmas. Not with a lineup boasting Strawberry Festival-worthy acts such as Lee Ann Womack and the Oak Ridge Boys. I really need shortcake in the mix.
It was a good thing, too.
There will be cash awards given at the opening reception, which will be held from 6-8 p.m. Jan. 13.
"I don't even look at it as a milestone, because you're supposed to throw touchdown passes in this league," Dutton said. "Wins are what matters in this game. Right now, it's tough. We're 3-3 and probably shouldn't be."
I think paper plates are a waste of money and bad for the environment.
Costa Cruises is owned by Miami-based Carnival, the world's largest cruise line operator, and not surprisingly, some passengers are now having second thoughts about their floating vacation. A nonscientific online survey conducted soon after the disaster by the opinion website SodaHead.com found that one-quarter of those polled were "less likely" to book a cruise after the Costa disaster.
Her cousin and job coach, Lauren Hayter, 23, of Washington Township walked by her side.
The survey results are more gloomy for a competing initiative sponsored by civil rights attorney Molly Munger and the state PTA.
I am often asked about tipping. You will want to do some research on the countries you will be visiting because they are not all the same. Most Western European countries do not require a tip because it is already built into the meal's cost. But even in those countries it is common practice if you were satisfied with the meal and service to leave a little something extra, although it is not expected. Most people will round up to the nearest euro and leave that as a tip.
4. While the mixture cooks, toss occasionally. As the cherry tomatoes start to blister, smash them gently to release the juice, creating a rustic sauce. Mix in the juice of 1 lemon. When the sauce is ready, reduce heat to low.
Also charged in a separate indictment is Raymond Arias, owner of Elite Wellness in Westland, which claimed to provide infusion therapy for HIV patients.
Lively, 24, broke off a five-month romance with Leonardo DiCaprio, 37, in September, and since has hooked up with Reynolds.
Darryl Ford, 23, Smith Fonrose, 22, Quacy April, 22, Devone Kirkland, 22, and Jameel Jackson, 21, entered their pleas during an arraignment today in Superior Court in Flemington. They have been charged with first-degree murder, manslaughter and assault.
When there's a death in the family, airlines may also waive cancellation or change fees. But there's no hard-and-fast rule about it, so if you find a ticket agent who is willing to make an exception, be sure the rule is bent for you now - not later. (And if you're promised a refund later, make sure you get it in writing.)
Bush won't be the first famous face at the Marconi Automotive Museum. Check out our slideshow at left for pictures of Sen. John McCain, Meg Whitman and others who have visited the Tustin museum.
This European-inspired, stunning estate boasts elegant furnishings, breathtaking gardens and a collection of art. The grounds consist of a subtropical forest with fountains, statues and exotic flowers. Built in the 1910s, the interior includes a lavishly decorated dining room, guest room, library and tea room. Admission is $15 for adults, $10 for seniors, $6 for ages 6-12, and age 5 and under free. Open 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. daily. 3251 S Miami Ave., Miami. (305) 250-9133. www.vizcayamuseum.org.
The 9 p.m. EST address has enormous stakes for Obama. He rode a tide of voter frustration into office and now is getting smacked by it himself.
At the stables, Peggy Browne, who lives in Town & Country and volunteers with Equine-Assisted Therapy, said that, except for weekends or times when there are special events, she's found parking is usually pretty good.
The past is not necessarily prelude to the future in the playoffs, for if it were, nothing ever would happen for the first time. Still, not a single team has won the Stanley Cup after playing two consecutive seven-game series at the start of the playoffs since the NHL adopted the four-times-four format in 1987.
When the villain shows up in the person of Carly's college boyfriend, Dr. Rick (an over-the-top David Walton), Shawn gets his chance with Carly. It's now these jocks bond with the girls as friends, about the same time that the dialogue from Olsen and D'Agosto suddenly bearable -- and funny.
Apparently, no one checked Jakob's license status or discovered his past misdemeanor conviction for having sex with an underage girl.
He was equally as comfortable interviewing heads of state such as Mandela or Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe as he was interviewing entertainers such as Harry Belafonte and Bill Cosby or sports icons such as Ali or Arthur Ashe. Noble also created documentaries on luminaries like W.E.B. Du Bois, Malcolm X, Martin Luther King Jr. and Charlie Parker.
Willard emerges from his office, where he's been making phone calls to try and gauge where the Pirates might fall.
Night vision: Warrensville Center Road brightened up in Maple Heights.
Playwright Donald Margulies picks away at these conflicting views in "Time Stands Still," which opened Friday at the Guthrie Theater. Mandy is a young idealist whose heart bleeds for those in peril. Her response to cruelty is to look away. Sarah risks her life to document the ugliness with her camera. We must bear witness, she believes, in order to build Mandy's beautiful world.
Council is currently 3-2 Republican.
Klein said the West Linn restaurant had around 18 employees and added that the company hopes transfer about half of them to other Typhoon chains that are short staff members.
Goal: "I want to be a teacher and a coach because I want to give back what I have been given, and I want to make a difference."
"These are at-risk buyers," said Sam Khater, a CoreLogic economist. "They have very little equity, and that's the largest predictor of default."
Fanning Middle School is among the lowest-performing 5 percent of schools in the country that received $3.5 billion in grants last
Some council members contended several times during Tuesday's meeting that this is an item that should be presented in the Health, Safety, Education & Services Committee.
Philip Yeagle, interim chancellor of Rutgers University in Newark, has announced the appointment of Dr. Maggie Shiffrar, professor of psychology and New Providence resident, as dean of the Graduate School, effective July 1.
It should be. Road Rant pointed out the excessive pointing problem to the city last week. Strongsville's traffic signal foreman, Ray Ragone, said a repair could come within the next few days. Ragone suspects that construction on Pearl damaged a traffic sensor in the pavement, leading to the malfunction.
During this same period, Cunningham added, Sheehan has devoted her life to protesting the presence of U.S. military forces in foreign countries.
This place, however, will not be a venue for his own ongoing project, "In Paris," which was conceived and in part developed here. It was staged in Helsinki last April, the Netherlands last summer, Paris in the fall and Tel Aviv in early winter. New Yorkers won't see it, but L.A. audiences will, starting Wednesday at the Broad Stage in Santa Monica.
PSYCHOTIC BREAKDOWN
"In the past, too often we've just gone with gut instinct and haven't been careful about whether those things are important," said Richard Buddin, a senior economist and education researcher at Rand Corp., who conducted the statistical analysis as an independent consultant for The Times.
Davis ranked first academically and seventh overall on the list of The Orange County Register's 2011 Best Elementary Schools, earning a Gold Medal for its achievements. The school, which placed 363rd in last year's Register review, skyrocketed into the top 10 after it converted to Newport-Mesa Unified School District's first magnet.
She got an Oregon Supreme Court ruling from 1958.
Another question is why the British government asked for a probe of Mr. Heywood's death when his family hasn't, an unusual situation for consular matters, in which precedence is usually given to the family's wishes.
Kevin Brown, state director for Service Employees International Union Local 32BJ, said, "Drivers will have to travel much farther to reach another state inspection station or go to private operators where they pay for emissions testing and might be talked into unneeded repairs."
That was the high point of a relationship that has degenerated so much that many of the families worry their kids may never see the promised dogs.
Why would I want to let people know where I am?
Daily: 745 Big 4: 8964
"Ratko Mladic deserves to be tried and convicted. He was the military commander who ordered the murder of thousands and attempted to destroy Bosnian society. His trial should teach again the grim reality of ethnic cleansing and, I hope, bring some comfort to those who survived. ... Mladic tried to become a conquering hero. Instead, he lived as a fugitive in obscurity and now faces years in custody. Justice works." - former U.S Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright, who was ambassador to the U.N. during the Bosnian war.
Siegel's daughter said her father energized the city. "He pushed Vegas to become what it is today," she said.
The singer-songwriter, who has amassed an impressive list of hits, such as "Gunpowder & Lead," "Famous in a Small Town," "The House That Built Me" and "Baggage Claim," is on the road again. She plays Mountain View's Shoreline Amphitheatre on April 27. Presumably, she'll be leaving her trunkload of awards at home.
One thing that seems clear is that some of these kids - and we're thinking about WR Brandin Cooks here - look Pac-12 ready right now in terms of poise, athleticism, and strength. ... maybe Cooks doesn't know all of the plays right now, but good grief, it looks like he can play. Soon. He's very sure-handed as a punt returner, btw, although this isn't a coaching staff prone to trust a pup with returning punts.
TR: Just like with (Adam) Wainwright how he goes through his day. He starts with a bullpen day like what he's working on, what's he thinking? He plays a game without himself during his bullpen and that keeps himself motivated and things like that. There are things like that that I've started to adopt and put into my own game.
"It was like, 'Dick Erath wants to come here, woo hoo,' that type of thing," he said. "It really gave us a boost."
Hub airports for airlines benefit from increased connecting traffic and airport revenue; more civic prestige and marketability; and higher staffing levels -- there are almost 2,200 Continental employees in Greater Cleveland, making it one of the region's top 10 employers, according to state data.
Still, looking ahead as she cradled Melinda's 3-month-old daughter Abigail, Linda Barbaglia is fairly sure the second generation of Barbaglias to run C&B Fork Lift Truck Service will be the last.
"I've been here way too long to count out anybody, let along our center and our quarterback," said Steelers offensive lineman Max Starks. "We'll prepare like they won't be out there, but if they are we'll be more than happy to put them back in the fold. And then let's rock and roll. Ben has been playing with a broken thumb, so nothing would surprise me."
In short, more than any other neighborhood in San Francisco, District 10 needs the close attention of a highly skilled leader - someone who's able to unite warring factions on both the Board of Supervisors and within the community.
Kenny Boynton missed a long 3 that could have given Florida (29-8) the lead with a little under 20 seconds left. Alex Tyus appeared to have the offensive rebound, but Howard tied him up and the possession arrow favored Butler.
Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner revoked Lohan's probation during a contentious court hearing on Wednesday after the judge learned the "Mean Girls" star had been fired from doing community service at a women's shelter. Sautner ordered Lohan to complete 360 hours at the center and 120 hours at the morgue in April as punishment for taking a $2,500 necklace without permission.
To qualify for the homeowners' credit, applicants cannot have household income over $60,000 or assets of $200,000 or more, excluding their primary residence and retirement savings. In some cases, the credit can wipe out a homeowner's entire annual property tax bill.
Russo suggests that the newspaper is writing about him and Dimora because they are of Italian descent.
By now, everybody has gotten a good look at the Ravens' schedule, but below, Ill try to break it down a little further.
But the Thunder were again up by 15 after consecutive 3-pointers by Fisher and Westbrook.
"I gotta get someone to clean it," she said.
But Holmgren also stressed that he urged general manager Tom Heckert and coach Pat Shurmur not to let Richardson slip away.
"We are thrilled to be able to recognize these three inspirational women for their important work," said Liggett. "These women have affected women globally, nationally and locally and we are honored to be able to recognize their abilities and acknowledge their work." Since 1995, the Sandra Day O'Connor Awards Luncheon, one of AFW's most successful and prominent fundraisers, has raised more than $2 million and has recognized the efforts of outstanding women. Previous recipients of the Sandra Day O'Connor Award are Laura Bush, Sandra Day O'Connor, Elizabeth H. Dole, Tipper Gore, Marian Wright Edelman, Erin Brockovich, Barbara Bush, Sally Ride, Pat Mitchell, Marlo Thomas and Billie Jean King.
10. Two blasts kill eight, wound nearly 100 in Syria
On April 30, the vehicle was found abandoned in Hardeman County, which is about 70 miles east of Memphis. Jo Ann Bain and her daughters had left most of their personal belongings at the house, Helm said.
The Commissioner of Education will report to the governor a year after the bill is implemented.
According to New Jersey Sharing Network CEO Joe Roth, New Jersey has one of the lowest people registered as organ donors in the country.
He could not be reached for comment.
His reality show nickname: Caesar
The Shakes collaborated on the music on Boys & Girls, but Howard tends to handle the lyrics herself. The best, like "I Ain't the Same," have a nuanced perspective that mirrors the surprising vocal subtlety Howard displayed on stage in Austin, when she commanded audiences' attention with whispers as well as screams.
"There are a lot of ideas out there," Darling said. "We're thinking about being more mobile. That means a lot of different things. We're still discussing it."
The VFW did just that on Aug. 10, turning around a late deficit to win 4-2 and knock the Millers out of the playoffs in the quarterfinal tilt at SPPS Field in Waterloo.
JAKE1 and JAKE2 look at each other, then turn to JAKE3, stamping their feet in unison and raising their fists.
That means the Children First team, with the support of South Ward Councilman Ras Baraka and a host of city leaders, took two of three open seats tonight but still remain one shy of control over the nine-member panel.
Beltran is having a nice rebound season, batting .281-12-55 with a .863 on-base plus slugging percentage. McCutchen (.294-12-46) has been better, logging a .890 OPS in addition to 15 steals, 12 more than Beltran. No doubt NL manager Bruce Bochy can count on a professional at-bat from the switch-hitting Beltran late in the game.
Between Aug. 30 and Sept. 29, the U.S. had 16,174 hospitalizations and 1,379 deaths associated with influenza, the vast majority of them swine-flu-related. During roughly that same period, 11 pediatric deaths associated with swine flu were reported to the CDC, bringing to 128 the total number since Sept. 28, 2008.
In 2007, investigators matched a semen sample from the autopsy to Carnahan, the prosecutor said.
And on Thursday, one of the state's largest insurance carriers, Oxford HealthCare, has convened a forum in Springfield to discuss the problems arising from the SynCare contract. Lawmakers, state officials, providers and Medicaid clients from across Missouri are expected to attend.
Surma said U.S. Steel's tubular business expected fourth-quarter results to be in line with the third quarter.
ON FIRE
Others, however, are more serious: The largest fines Performance Coal have faced there came this January, when federal officials filed two penalties totaling more than $136,000 for not developing or following a proper ventilation plan.
No fair-minded person can dispute the notion that our union has always been willing to work with others to achieve those goals.
"Dad, I told you. I'm making the dough from scratch."
Not surprisingly, given the city's rising crime rate, 93 percent of those surveyed said public safety continues to be their top concern.
If the fire breaks out at the casino, the incident commander takes charge at the scene. Lemay is joined by two units each from the St. Louis Municipal Fire Department, and the Mehlville and Affton fire protection districts.
For the second day in a row, the Marlins were befuddled and beaten by a young, unproven left-hander, this time Patrick Corbin making his major league debut.
Students, however, are more focused on other aspects of the proposal.
"We do have studios wanting more films," he says. "But it's hard to make a movie. It's hard to find a great script or write one. It's hard to keep the spirit all the way through a film.
Black & Decker, based in Towson, Md., has 22,100 workers. Stanley Works, based in New Britain, Conn., has 18,200 workers. The combined company's corporate headquarters will remain in Connecticut while its power tool division will remain headquartered in Maryland.
Critics fault the Gates Foundation most for failing to use the power of its immense wealth to improve the behavior of the companies in which it invests. At the end of 2005, the foundation's endowment stood at $35 billion. In June 2006, Warren E. Buffett, the world's second-richest man after Bill Gates, pledged to add about $31 billion.
Empty Bottle
AMY GOLDSTEIN, Washington Post
She had tried in vain to save her son, pleading with Mladic's men that he was only 14. Her son was holding a plastic bag containing family possessions. A Serb soldier told the boy to give the bag to his mother and ordered him to join men and boys boarding trucks and buses in Srebrenica.
White Sox lefty Mark Buehrle had cruised through the season's first five innings, allowing just two hits and discarding 10 straight Indians when Hannahan led off the sixth with a sharp single to center. The hit ignited a four-run inning that busted up Buehrle's shutout and launched the Indians on a chip-away march at the two-touchdown lead they spotted the White Sox in the first four innings.
The package marked the most significant move to date by Mr. Cook in putting his own imprint on Apple and reflects how he has been more forthcoming with shareholders, investors say.
An informant had no difficulty identifying Canby Officer Jason Deason. He came in uniform and rode his police motorcycle to pick up the drugs.
1 El Baia (Gregorio Arriaga) 7-2
NEW YORK -- Oil prices hit a new nine-month high Thursday as the dollar fell and gas pump prices climbed closer to $4 a gallon across much of the country.
consumer advocate Bob Sullivan reported that a company called Violation Management Services, which processes toll violations for car rental companies, promised its customers online that it could turn "a costly customer service headache into a profitable customer service solution." The company cleaned up its act after that report, removing the incriminating language from its website.
Not even the firing of football coach Joe Paterno.
In a statement Wednesday, committee chairman Rep. Edolphus Towns, D-N.Y., said he had subpoenaed the New York Fed for documents about the decision to pay off AIG's business partners and keep their names secret.
"This is not what you want to hear from a privileged white woman," she said, pointing to herself. "But I teach them about these statistics and about education so they realize how important their job is. ...We want them to work with these kids now so they don't see them later."
Store little-used items separately. Separate the items that you use most often from the long-term items and store them in different places. For example, Christmas decorations can be stored in boxes in higher-up locations.
"If we don't have anything, at least it gives us more time on the clock to run the offense."
In the communique released Friday in Bissau, an unidentified military commander claimed that Gomes was going to allow troops from Angola, another former Portuguese colony in Africa, to attack military forces in Guinea-Bissau.
The man could be charged for possessing counterfeit money and, if found guilty, face up to 10 years in jail, he said.
First, there's the matter of Illinois' capital city.
The Commerce Department said that factory orders rose in December, the fifth gain in six months.
The Cardinals lead 6-1 through 3 1/2 innings.
NEWARK -- A prosecutor told an Essex County jury today that a recording of a 911 call was not enough evidence to acquit Jeffrey Ayers of murder -- even if the victim is heard naming someone else as the shooter during the call.
"We played awesome. To make it this far and play as well as we did is something to be proud of," Parkway North captain Marty Ruzicka said. "The school really rallied around us and that was by far the most people I have ever played in front of. It was like a football atmosphere, which we never get."
Baseball fans are out at home.
Susan Dawson, a church elder and member since 1973, said she was inspired by the Schullers' speech.
Russo said he tried to turn them away by giving them his attorney's card. But they had a warrant.
The vending key that Trigg had did not fit the vending machine, police said.
2007: Penny Metropulos, "You Can't Take it With You"
Indiana is among the states with the lowest percentages of publicly owned land, Kharbanda said. Eighty-five percent of Indiana's 5.1 million acres are privately owned, according to Indiana's Department of Natural Resources.
The Korean-born Oh, who took ownership three years ago, says he has gone out of his way to treat all his customers as special and to learn the names of his regulars.
The second of three public forums provided the academic and financial pieces of information the community needs to determine which option it prefers: One high school or two? It's a decision the district will make this year, due to growing enrollment.
6488 Murdoch Av, $300,000
"I wish to express the most sincere thanks to the Cleveland Veterinary Referral Service, specifically Dr. Vogt, Dr. Boyce, Dr. Crandall and Amy Moore. I have been living through every pet owner's worst nightmare. My dog is currently undergoing chemotherapy treatments after a very successful operation performed by Dr. Vogt. The dog's treatment and care have been without a doubt a lifesaver. Facing a devastating prognosis at Labor Day, Dr. Vogt then performed an operation that truly was a miracle. Now, through the expertise and skill of Dr. Boyce and Dr. Crandall, in addition to Amy who is more than just a skilled technician but a very patient person who puts up with me, I know that my dog has a long future to look forward to."
INDIANAPOLIS - Kyle Korver scored 20 points to help the Bulls defeat the Indiana Pacers 92-87 on Wednesday night and inch closer to claiming the top overall seed in the NBA playoffs.
But things started to change when the teens took a class on students and the law from a deputy with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.
"I know the ball was on line," said Lofton. "It was just a matter of it getting there ahead of the runner."
Perlaza got his first goal of the season and got the team on the scoreboard in the 29th minute after he ran down a pass from midfielder Kalif Alhassan. Perlaza ran past Chicago defender Dasan Robinson and sent a rolling shot past goalkeeper Sean Johnson far post.
Neither Schochet nor Geist would say how much money Optima is investing. But Schochet has his hands in everything, from negotiating with lenders to choosing tile and fabric swatches for the new hotel.
"We are in Ohio," Coley said. "Blast furnaces are as natural as wind and sun in Ohio."
Here is the list:
Hell, yeah! According to Metallica's website, the band has nothing scheduled for that night. But since they're one of the biggest acts in the world - even more popular than Weird Al - the Yankees need to act quickly, and make sure Rivera's final regular-season trot to the mound is more memorable than any he's made before.
Tuesday: at Lakers, 7:30 p.m.
Combine chicken, cut vegetables, separated garlic cloves and bacon pieces in the container (the vegetables should help keep chicken pieces from touching). Add enough red wine - about 3 quarts - to cover all.
Removes governor's and House proposals for a merit pay system for teachers. The merit pay proposal mirrored language in Senate Bill 5, the controversial new collective bargaining law that opponents hope to overturn on the ballot.
For the women of Imperial Avenue, help was not coming from anywhere: That's why, once justice is served in this case, we still have so much to learn about recognizing and helping the most vulnerable among us to avoid shallow graves in backyards.
Avidmax Outfitters
"I don't know that it is better or worse. It's just a fact that we, as moviegoers, have to live with. Ultimately we vote with our pocketbooks."
"Howard County Civil Defense will conduct a training class in Emergency Mass feeding at the West Friendship Livestock Auction Market beginning on Tuesday The class will be held from 8:00 to 10:00 p.m. and will run for six weeks with one meeting each week.
Just two weeks ago the commission's staff admitted being concerned about completing background checks to issue the required licenses for hundreds of employees working gaming tables and handling money. But the commission's decision to hire more people and move to a six-day work week has paid off, Davidson said.
"Our goal is to grow attendance and become even more of a destination venue by presenting a wide array of spectacular events that appeal to diverse audiences from Northeast Ohio and throughout the Midwest," said Robert J. Peterson, I-X Center president, in a statement.
A bigger mistake directly led to Washington's second goal 4:54 later.
I called Mark Kim, co-owner of the Hill Street Cafe. He readily acknowledged that receipts generated by his credit card processing machine include suggested tips at the 15 percent, 18 percent and 20 percent levels.
People fishing on shore told police they saw Fernandez go into the water once and never resurface.
Finally, January also will mark the series finales of "Caprica" (Syfy, Jan. 4) and "Life Unexpected" (CW, Jan. 18).
"There's no way that move date will be accomplished," Simon said.
The time probably is good enough to get her into the field for the NCAA Indoor, which begins Friday in Nampa, Idaho. It crushed her own school record of 4:46.92, set earlier this season.
But the lake's environment, with a drastically smaller amount of sediment, algae, aquatic plants and minnows, will not be able to support the population of fish it did before, Dahlberg said. He said until the lake becomes a more stable environment, fish will not thrive or reproduce.
Regardless, Art Institute Director Douglas Druick said the Google Art Project provides valuable exposure for the museum.
The wildfire near Ruth in Trinity County that started about noon Friday was 95 percent contained as of Tuesday night, according to the National Forest Service.
It was Kipnis' fourth homer. He hit an RBI triple in the third.
Fukasaku crafts a film that occasionally transcends the exploitation genre. He classes it up with lilting classical music; provides handy "countdowns" informing the viewer how many students are still alive; and sifts black comedy in with the flying bullets and spewing red.
In one case, Lafler v. Cooper, the justices found that a Michigan man who rejected a plea deal based on the bad advice of his lawyer, then received a prison term that was three times as long, should be re-offered the deal, which a judge can then choose whether to enforce.
They arranged a meeting in south St. Louis County, then followed and stopped the three women who showed up. One, a 16-year-old girl, said that she met Moore a few weeks before while out with friends.
The maid was taken by police to a hospital and was treated for minor injuries. Stacy Royal, a spokeswoman for Sofitel, said the hotel's staff was cooperating in the investigation and that the maid "has been a satisfactory employee of the hotel for the past three years."
The smoothest transition comes in co-admission agreements that allow students to attend both a university and community college at the same time so they don't have to transfer. PSU and PCC recently streamlined their pact to make taking classes on both campuses easier.
The Conference Board said Tuesday its Consumer Confidence Index rose to 52.5 in March, recovering about half of the nearly 11 points it lost in February. Analysts expected a reading of 50 for March, but the index is still far below the 90 reading that's considered healthy.
See you next week for more ballroom shenanigans.
"That was clearly an overreach by the court," Gingrich said Saturday. The president as commander in chief has the power to control prisoners during wartime, making the court's decision "null and void," he said.
Discus: Bleasdael, Vacaville, 172-01.
Just like I predicted, Proposition C (in Mehlville School District) was defeated because, like I said, all Republicans vote against tax increases, and that's why I am a Republican. I believe there should never be a tax increase. I don't care what it's for. That's what we believe in, no tax increase. That's what we say. And because I'm single, I'm 50-something years old, never had kids, these people need to think about having kids. They don't need them, they don't know how to take care of them. I take care of myself, all my cars, motorcycles, boats, my houses everything, that's what I think about. So, that's the way it is. ...
Spain has called on European and other global leaders to enact sanctions against Argentina in a bid to prod the country to fully compensate Repsol for the seizure of its Argentine unit.
But Robbins, the Post-Dispatch's editor, said, "In a democratic society, public input into the process is vital and should not be treated as an inconvenience."
Culson went off stride after the eighth hurdle, lost the lead to Johnny Dutch, then recovered in the final 10 meters to win.
A non-binding vote of shareholders approved Cigna's executive pay, including those who voted but did not attend, according to an unofficial tally. Official results will be released Thursday. The meeting had slightly more than 50 people total, including Cigna employees recording the event.
Page was taken into custody, Carlson said, but she was not arrested.
The work is expected to cost $250 million, with $40 million coming from contributions. Kent President Lester Lefton says the university could save $57 million in interest costs if it can begin the process of issuing $210 million in low-cost federal "recovery" bonds by Nov. 8.
Seared medium rare, the moist, tender duck was paired with a slightly sweet orange-ginger-soy glaze, sauteed napa cabbage and whipped potatoes with a not-shy horseradish bite. I would have a hard time naming a better dish I have had recently for less than the $22 price tag.
"What we don't know is what damage is done down to little creatures down below the surface -- or just at the surface -- that we never see."
Here in Ohio, the two parties are wrestling for control of the state House, which Democrats seized in 2008 after 14 years in the minority. The governor's seat, held by Democrat Ted Strickland, is also up for grabs; the state Senate is expected to remain Republican.
Caribou Coffee's stock sank 15 percent Thursday as the company got whacked by a surprisingly large slowdown in the promising single-serve coffee market.
1. Liezel Huber and Lisa Raymond, United States, 3,865
Civil liberties advocates are aghast over revelations this week that officials are preparing to introduce legislation to expand state surveillance in the interests of national security. Separately, the government of Prime Minister David Cameron is proposing that certain civil court proceedings take place behind closed doors if sensitive matters of intelligence are involved.
* and the dearly departed woman in question, Aunt Marie (played by the marvelous Kate Burton), was the owner of a weapon-filled trailer that's seemingly the size of a small house.
