Sing it!
Hahahahaha, I love it. Thanks for the quick birthday lesson :)
you never know!
hey. why'd you decide to join twitter? hopefully i can be your first reply.
#EllenRTme day 159 & 160 It's been such a great weekend & I have no iPhone so this is a 2-for-1!
u got a service pack?
I love my neighborhood.
sorry ignore the random hash tag lol but still congrats that's great !
Congrats to : WCHA reg season champs! One more win or Minn loss gives UW outright title. #Badgers home next wknd to host OSU
Btw, and I will be out there for WWDC. Beer?
Thanks Colin. Stoked for the fight tonight. Who do you have?
has recommended that someone move to Vienna, Virginia. What has come over him?test ifttt
the background section on 'what is SM?' would be a good place to pt in print some stats and history we should prolly have collected already
I am so stoked for #TheVoiceFinale tonight! Tony Lucca is from my hometown buut I gotta goo al the waay. :)
After all, the dealer did invest millions to sell and service automobiles
u better!!!
Hope your having a GRAND morning. #VinnySwagg<3 (<----I made that up). Love ya(: I'm Such an #IconicIdiot lol(made that up 2)
muahahaha you can't! (n)
you stay chuck e chessing lol
Was actually thinking about that last night. We do indeed. Any time April 12? I'm open until 2pm.
cannot wait for dinner with twitterless Missy. desperately in need of some real food and wine.
Only one more day! Get ready! :)
I was gonna do that !
Happy with the win, but I wish our "leader" would start playing like one consistently
I am too young to feel this old.
Playing with elegance - The Border Mail
what should i do for a cracked iphone screen? HELP HELP HELP!
welcome to twitter jgun
How true! RT! we may have to create our own medicating area ....
Excited for the stretch run.. we should have some new characters in Omaha this year!
": Knock 'em dead on the road, y'all!" Thanks fam. That means a lot coming from you. Much appreciation
Also the word "atheist".RT : Among those who don't understand it, few words have justified more nonsense than "Socialism."
Where are you headed w/your #sweetie in #SanDiego tonight? Last years #vday was spent on #lajolla beach with my sweet & a bonfire!
After all these years your just NOW following me!?! Sheesh.
Some people are so ridiculous
Ugh. Just haven't felt right all day. Throw up or whatever already.
Blah. Dont wanna be home!!
Some people just get all the luck. And I'm stuck with none.
watchin the Lakers vs Heat Game!
starting by me D:
... Next time you start, I will be like, "WAIT NO REMEMBER THAT TIME..."
one day at a time bro :-)
But most importantly #HappyMothersDay to my Madre without you Id be nothing. I love you.
If Twitter and Tumblr were school subjects, my parents would be so proud of me.
hope you have a good day. :) TGIF
Kids were 1yo during last title. Why hasn't Howland got them the last few years?
Up early getting it done. It's not even 10a and I'm already tired!
Xjhfujdnjx OMG My Cousin Video Chatted with Chanti From IaMe OMG Nathalie your So LUCKY :D :)ILYShawty<3
I feel like if im applying to jobs in social media I should be able to put my Klout score and Foursquare mayorships on my resume.
nice! I'd talk with you more but you're always busy. Haha
Live Bands, Music, Videos & More www.iBand.me take a minute and sign up today!
Be Encouraged!
Msg in like decc! It farr
I learn something new every day. I love it when I learn new stuff about my friends. Hugs and Happy Anniversary to you both!
Live music at Varsity Bar! Mike Dubose, Don Harvey and Jansen Hawkins!! Music starts at 6pm, $3.75 Study Breaks (Jager shot & Lonestar pint)
just search it. Lol
happy birthday to my boyfran !!!!!!!! lovez ya
Only 33% of consumers trust banner ads. John Paton, CEO digital first media.
balanced breathing, inspire and expire is equal
It's Game time!
cue up the Beach Boys for
Awesome show last night !! I am a big fan, loved it!!!
Let's just end it tonight boyz
People still going on about Concords? So last year,
thanks for spoiling it for me... ;)
I'm sure Undefeated was great, but it's a joke that wasn't part of that category. Def one of the best films of the year!
The value of experience is not in seeing much, but in seeing wisely
MT : During depression we built Hoover dam & other projects that helped 2 fuel our economy 4 decades. We must think big again
I think that album was a late 2011 release. Am I wrong ?
Generally there's an underlying vulnerability that causes mortality.
I find it completely necessary to sing 'Gimme, Gimme' while I do the dishes.
they're cutting yetis now. Sh*t's gettin real
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers but especially to my wife Sherri, the best wife & mother in the universe! I married way above me!
Not Country Joe and the Fish?
Gosh, I was a stupid freshman.
Why do you insist on being stupid and annoying?
I'm sad you've been quarantined :( we've got alot of time to make up for! Chill seshh outside of work asap (:
heading to NYC this weekend for design retreat/meetings... then taking in Early plays Sunday
Q: if you say you have piercings, do ears still count?
love that picture hahah
The conversations me and have. >
Sick! Duncan texting me right after practice, I think he loves me..
Tonight! students oratory competition in the Dome Room of the Rotunda. 7 pm!
$.50 chicken wings for the #Superbowl at the Metro Diner. Tomorrow only.
I kid you not - "Nourishment is now being served in the break room."
that's either you or the love child of you and Michael Douglas
His eyes <3
Why Ron Johnson left Apple to head JC Penney - Covestor
Thinking green this year? Change the products you use at home to a more earth friendly environment. Call 3057427732 and save money.
i wanna b a teen so bad!!!
YOU GO RACHEL OH MY GOSH YES.
RT Damn! i need to eat for my brain to function well..but i don't want to bec of my diet...haha:)EXAMS is ON!
I'll be there Wednesday. Thanks, man.
Thanks for the retweet. Glad you liked the comment.
More fans leaving now with 7:42 left in the fourth quarter....final home game...but they cant stay and say good bye
guess I'm ganna call it a night. Gotta wake up @ 4:30 in the am. #NightyNight:)
"Well I know someone who's not getting a Mother's day card!" I shouted....As I walked out of the abortion clinic.
Addison Reed is filthy.
The movie was partially filmed in Pittsburgh, but the #tumblertour has skipped us over.
#2wordsasianpeoplefear "no rice."
I noticed one of your comments on a HuffPo site, could I ask you some questions for an article? RT me if you're interested.
"He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator."~Francis Bacon
Hearing British accents around me only makes me want an accent more.
I always missed those carnivals....
I'm sure you've seen video of Ellen Degeneres "auditioning" for the audiobook of 50 Shades of Grey?
kidding!! Hope to meet you guys there!
UNFOLLOWED or WORSE...OFF WITH MY HEAD :/
Hey, if is a Doctor, I'm a fuckin rocket scientist!
that's a good mantra. Trying to enjoy his little self as much as possible, even at 4 a.m. :)
Here we go Bulls! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin let's beat those orange!
The outfield should have dove to save the no hitter
text message , no
So, you're saying that your hair's getting less grey? For some reason I've lost more of mine in last year than ever before...
Watching kickoff to #F1GrandPrix season on #SPEED from Melbourne. Hamilton & Button look good but Vettel & Hamilton lurk. McLaren Merce ...
Mondays, Tuesdays, or Wednesdays *1st cut FREE - before 3pm. We'll do up to 2 free cuts per day. Call Raymond. expires 12/31/11.
Thanks for the follow
why?? You co-own this account haha
nice tan em
#OccupyBurque Facebook says UNM granted a permit to stay on campus 24/7--if they move by Monday to Yale Park to spare Tight Grove.
happy to help!
King Taco, Cal Pizza Kitchen, Paddock Area, Expo, Fan Zone Pileup
nope he's just cute!
How about we start honoring all of the other ancient and culturally irrelevant laws that are found in the Bible??
No disrespect but, Natalie Jackson is hella fine! Lmao
Just got thru a rough patch but feeling better, thanks. Research is slow going but have time now to forge ahead ;)
When Mahomies tell me 'I hope you get a chance to meet Austin oneday' gives me hope that I WILL meet him oneday.. <33
couldn't agree more
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
wrap party for 1 is white wine.
gotcha so if you count the 3rd TD for Shipley then it would be Gilbert's 2nd TD pass, correct?
What a great Waukesha food blog! Nice breakdown by location of eateries around Waukesha and good reviews.
The Man gives a shout out to the Tweeter in the corner.
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 7: "Best practices on using open resources"
I think the most important quality needed to become a successful entrepreneur is self-discipline. You need it in every aspect of your life.
Check out our youtube channel!!!! The Band Camp vids rule!!! www.youtube.com/mistakesweremadevids
haha I bet but what r u doing for break?
oh wait fuck SWAG
thanks! That validated my decision to blow off Hunter and take a post-posting nap.
why was your flight so long?
you have! Not being constrained by the environment, having to make bad design decisions to accommodate the language? Magnificent!
Saw it! Spoiler alert...... Nah I wouldn't do that.
let's both share the pleasure then ;)
No doubt bro.... I ain't got no choice!!
Just stumbled across your blog. Good stuff!!!!
unsubtle brag. Grats as usual though that sounds convenient
thanks Travis!!!
I heard LeBron James is staying in Cleveland!!!11!1!
Thanks! I'll check it out. I like basic. Well, I liked the old Tweetdeck, but ...
That is good to hear and who is that
Well that $15 double whiskey ginger went down fast.
lol okay..... Come get us so we can spend tha night!
LET'S GO THE BEACH BEACH LET'S GO GET AWAY!
Stick with me, Jerry.
Me 2? hmm... #HighShit RT i feel like i smoke slower when i'm alone
there other factors but you'll see books written about America's dangerous sprawl patterns, just look at Vegas
Can't wait to get to Wrigley
WOW! Congratulations, Emily!!! In which branch did you serve?
Can't wait to work with you! Congrats on your new position with
Just watched Practical Magic with -forgot how good this one was- soundtrack is one of the best..Mostly Stevie Nicks..love
Getting settled in Bologna &preparing for the school year. Excited for research & exploration. Hope to visit and learn in Reggio-Emilia.
Is still alive?!
Wednesday 10-6 Long Beach Farmers Market @ City Hall, next to LIRR station
pictures please!
will you please follow me & and I will follow you as soon as i get off following limit :) xox and can u also ship me?
Thank you!=) You can check out our KOSE Sekkisei Excellent products too for great price drops! Have a great day!=)
a lot of our best #ravens are #Bama boys...
a reality tv show called "my mom is obsessed" / the mother's obsession? "freedom"
you as well!
I want a henna tattoo from you! a cute little heart, <3
The Papercutting of a Salesman
Post Veterans Day trivia... who, from the Shenandoah Valley, earned the Medal of Honor?
| Our Downtown is coming alive! Let's support all of our Phoenix Suns!
Go follow honestly he FOLLOWS back !! #TeamFollowBack ..
Just cause your my girlfriend dosent mean I have to agree with you..
Please follow back :)
": I'm not sure anyone even in BCS meetings understands plus-one model. Delany: "It depends on how you define it." #bcs" figures
and what beat is that homie?
all domains are set to 1 request / 3 sec unless they are in the top 1M, then we use traffic as a rubric for crawl rate
Awesome!! And great victory dance too. LOVED IT! Faith, Hope, Truth, and Love!
Thank God somebody said something! Can't take the play by play commentary!
Married to the game, but she broke our vows.
Staring at a PDF that I am supposed to print, fill out and fax back. Isn't there a better way?
Weird people:)
Don't think bout it, be bout it
i this the one who also dumpster dives regularly?
I know right?! I beat all those other girls ;)
You can't control everyone elses behavior all you can control is your own
much better gonna miss the game tonight
its taxis sono qui in italian
The only thing that would cheer me up today would be singing an impromptu rendition of How Deep Is Your Love with
Apple Jacks or Fruit Loopz. Lol decisions decisions.
Getting rid of the jetta tmrw.
this day is going great :)
Some technical difficulties with the site on some browsers. Sorry for any inconvenience.
My moms making crab legs , STG - They Be BOMB ! Whose coming over 4 dinner : ) . Mhmm
I will rap battle at the store next time he is in town. can be the guest judge...
Couldn't agree more
Aleksandra Nogina Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
we have the Go Pass so we can try to meet at a later production.
sometimes the love u want might not be the love u need!!
she murmured something...& for a moment he hated her because she could sleep so peacefully, so far away from him, dreaming different dreams.
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years
Tortured artist.
Hey it might be time to take some of your cynical BS it shove it where the sun don't shine. Stop hatin on
that makes two of us.. Say no more
Haven't paid attention to the movies, so I only have a vague idea of what she looks like. But I like yours. :)
My brother's name is Colin.
It's another gorgeous day! Wow!
had to buy a new battery f$&!!
I can't believe I'm actually falling for someone this feels so weird, I haven't felt this way in a long time. I'm very curious and still :)
Having a large Super Bowl Party? We can supply all your hot dog needs...wings are out...dogs are in!!!!
So thankful for my friends and family!
Jamie's new video > NIP SLIP
Olivia's attention to detail. She is a machine! I hope the real Olivia writes a book.
If I get this right now, it's a sign. If I don't, oh well.
Hm maybe I should hold off on the fire until the firemen across the street leave.
RFT ": If you can't make time for someone than they shouldn't make time for you."
I always find that brits weirdly overvalue gatsby. Not even fitzgerald's best. (but then my vote would be nabokov's pale fire)
- Love is UNCONDITIONAL. Love is KIND. Love is PATIENCE. Goodnight to u and sweet dreams. :-)
Jake Bellows of Neva Dinova w/others & noelectro DJ set at Good Hurt, Venice, CA Oct 30th, Costume Contest/Champagne Table ftw
are you still making guitar picks? Found a few cards while cleaning.
Love my Chapter. Hate Steve Harvey.
You're being a great mother to your kids. They'll appreciate it later! Happy Mother's Day!
....oh RT : Baby....let me....show you how yo pussy works, since you didn't bring it to me first....
Breakfast time.
here all about C.L.A.P. on newest podcast out today!!!!! PLUS a GIVEAWAY!!!!!
has received a Rosetta Lenoire Award Nomination for Diversity from Actors' Equity Association!
I start with me eyes closed. Can we artificially open them so I don't start with close eyes? Or do someting?
My dad was washing his car & his soap bucket got stolen dear god
if u follow me ;)
bout to head to my auntie house so i can eat
Who needs NBA when we have #KU basketball?!
ah I'm jealous! What grade are you in?
Being better everyday never push my self so much like this before
I love the signs on LA highways that tell you how long it takes to get to certain places. Reminds me of waiting in line for a Disney ride
Watching this weird but interesting movie call perfume
NO iM NOT..iM JUST BEiNG HONEST..iTS A WRAP...
And if you pledge $10 or more, you get a copy of their 24hr zine...
It happens...I am the youngest of 5 and I hate them all :)
Hey!! I can walk there!!! RT Happy hour starts at 3...Brewer game starts at 3....coincidence? I think not!
Uh yeah,you gotta gimme a minute on that one...
surprising thing is their record isn't that bad, just not what people were expecting, ends up lowering them in many's eyes IMO
same here. I miss my hometown:/
haha make that 8 bottles of wine for me. I am so emotionally tied to this team my days are wrecked when/if they lose!
ha! Now I have American Pie stuck in my head.
haha I appreciate that! I believe that it is very necessary that we kick it whenever we get back to school.
Watching app demos at #apihackathon London.
it was probably mostly the cheladas
At universal for plain white t's concert and i see someone with an shirt saying hi, i'm awkward ...<3
It is May!!! Getting Married this month!!!!!!! Finally!!!!
I finally tore down all of the matching, mass-produced, floral/sequined bullshit in my sister's old room. HELLO, ART, CONTRAST, CHARACTER.
I casually mentioned that I didn't think I should do a talk about MPLP at ABA this summer, coworker was surprised & asked me why.
#follow back
You just gotta let go sometimes.
There are no strong drinks, just weak men.
Dear please come back to Chicago! My dad didnt take me to the concert even though i already bought my tickets! </33
Sorry folks! Our webhook processor fell behind a bit. It'll be back to real time shortly.
OMG JINX
you almost made me get one too!!
I have to wait longer to talk shit?! :\
That and WAC, WCC, and MWC have done just fine in Vegas
boring weekend... imma have that, "but theres always room for improvementt!" *teachers voice*
Happy New Year's Eve, Peeps!!
I'm not comin back to the US. I can't leave London.
henrik = best goalie on this planet!!!!
There are so many students rocking our hair flowers today at Xavier University for #Earth week! THIS CAMPUS is #BLOOMING :D
I absolutely love video "Heart Attack", perfect concept, combo with was on point !!! Hotness !!!!
got hw, bye
We're almost there! We've got waterproofed iphones kicking around the office, we're just not quite full scale ready yet.
that's me(;
Photo Flashback: Gaelic Storm - who will be at the IAHC Saturday. www.theconcertstage.com/gaelic-storm2009.html
Best of luck to Davis, Jones, Kidd-Gilchrist, Teague, and Lamb in the #NBA draft. Go Cats!
do I really want to listen to all 24 CDs of Arguably by Christopher Hitchens? maybe someone can tell me which disks are best?
feel better soon, eat some seaweed!
Oh, baby why do ido that to you?
Nurieza, and Araceli. Love your photos on your facebook. Thanks for liking Booksicals! Happy and Healthy New Year!
So I started using Tumblr. I feel like my social life is slowly dissipating... Or any life at all
:) thanks boo!
It's my first Mothers Dayy!!! #HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful mothers out there. (:
Wheat Thins YUM (:
good thing: locking an interview time w Sen. Ducheny Bad thing: it's thursday at 11am. So now i have to drive today. Is i-5 the best way?
Damn I fucked up
is ready for October.
But that video was GOOD
oooooohhhh now what happened with im???
Nice! Buddy? What color? The police found my scoot this weekend! :-D
April fool!
juss walking in the door , bouta shower & find something to do since my baby don went to sleep on me <3 Goodnight World!
when ever you ready
You guys look great! Happy Purim to you and the family.
At the ASALH annual meeting in Richmond VA! Session about Frederick Douglass
haha ive tried maybe hes just busy an ur lucky(: who are they(: ?
hope you do feel 100% tomorrow. I'll let the manly voice slide. :)
I always hated kids bop, they are dumb idiots.
the Bills deserve B-lo At this point no Soon they'll be gone to Toronto Along with TO Jim Kelly's days Now are just a haze
The linchpin of the Council drinking game is retiring? Say it ain't so!
The B52s on the #tvlandawards NOW !
Family guy gettin old
Be present, Spirit of God, within us, your dwelling place and home. ~RT
dropbox was offering extra space for testing that feature. I'm up to 18G free I think.
Don't you hate when you tell somebody you will do somethin an they say "no I got it" then get mad cuz they have to do it. Told I would !
welcome to tone's house party party
Hey guys! receive 30% off hair extensions and accessories this month when you log on to Clipitz.com and use coupon code: I076T52ID5
Call our informative sales staff today at (888) 378-5237, or come and visit us in person at 5700 S 27th Street.
she is just like her mother:-)
accessibility to opportunity for all must be available to all if we plan on sustaining ourselves into a healthy future of prosperity
No shoes, no shirt; and i still get service.<3
Hey, thanks for the mention! We're flattered! Let us know if you have any questions, we'd love to help! :)
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime He-Man :-) :-) :-)
You look adorable!
What's up Poo??
clay guida while it may have been a good fight, dont see him making a challenge for the belt quite like you
Ha! Well done embracing.
"Free as in Puppies!" I LOVE this metaphor for using #Drupal. You have to feed, maintain and do parent time.
ATTENTION WAFFLE LOVERS: Today we are offering the classic waffle for only $2 at our downtown location.
Last day in Green Bay. Shopping and getting dinner with my mom. :)
How Do I Know When He's Online?
Thanks so much for the RT. Much appreciated!
Guys can deff be hypocrites sometimes.. It's damn stressful
number 46 is so true!
People really sending death threats to ticket master on my TL lmao
oh...and wolski's...obviously
Just when thought I couldn't love him or #TAL anymore, BAM! Amazing live event. #iraglass #thisamericanlife go see it Tuesday!
it's a multi purpose card, depending on which game you're playing i guess. kind of like her laptop doubles as a cash register.
Time to change my pro pic, I've had it for like ever,(:
HOME. SWEET. HOME.
Was it Leslie Nielsen?
Me too! I changed my password hopefully that stops it.
oh I'm very good at that! 8-)
It's poem in your pocket day! One 4 you:Keep writing your stuff/ Don't stop from defeat/ Rejections are rough/Makes success that more sweet!
Officially quit smoking as of today :)
Just sent our first direct deposit payout to one of our venues. Huzzah! If you're a venue processing credit cards we'll be in touch SOON.
What a great day and wild ride it's been for former Augusta State golfer Patrick Reed, -6 today at Quail Hollow, hear from him on WJBF at 11
the main things you want to try and avoid are saturated fats, trans-fats, radiated foods, and processed foods.
not textin the guy u like at all cause u dont have his numbr
Everybody RT the club follow
congrats to and - the once and future new media directors for
I need sleep.
018 is the virt one to get to #EMCCA, 918 is the ITaaS one to get to #EMCCAe. Know anyone who's taken it? Hints wanted
We'll have a bike corral again :) RT : Can't wait to ride my new bike to the You bet I'll be there on May 19!
nice! i take it you went to the classes?
Yes. Im finger painting hahaha
Appreciated... You moved me a lot!
Chillin like a villain. Joining the iPhone family soon
WHITEwater RT : I'm gonna need #TeamTurnUp to come out to Whitewater sometime lol
A part of me wonders who is babysitting Malia and Sasha, and if they're watching the #SOTU too.
It is not about the loss, but understanding the lesson. Live to fight another day
Some "grown" ass women/men can become petty if they feel threatened by you ---> Keep up the good work.
Well hello there
i can't lie, i'm a sucker for the show
pre happy nootz year!!! My nootz year resolution is to go bar down short side through the five hole then grab some frozen water
Annotated bibs and lit review: complete! Just a little more grading!
I'm going to check out some jazz at Radegast tonight.
Typing in a captcha on a website and it asks me to type 0HfkMe. Seriously? What is this site trying to tell me?
Madhuri Hedge at #ACMGmtg giving good overview of #DNA sequencing including #NGS. Breathtaking to see how far we have come in 10 yrs
Seattle - it's much too nice out to riot.
Remember: Your children get only one childhood. Make the most of it :)
thanks nate :)
The # symbol is called an octothorpe.
haha text me
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates. #HellOfADeal visit Smitty, Lori, Dan & Robert.
...hello, Dallas.
Thanks, will do!
wish they could be
about time
#20ThingsAboutMe I appreciate honesty regardless of my emotions.
I promise to never tweet this much about #TheBachelorette again. It's just that it's the season premier!
Happy to show support for Nashville/TN tonight by texting GAC to 501501 fundraiser was great!
damn, had been working on Jerry Narron related names all day today
After losing key players on offense this offseason how will Philip Rivers and the #Chargers offense fare in 2012?
I hope the hawks win this series and all the celtics just fucking retire lol
Finally! A #J345 presentation that didn't default into the Super Bowl. Well done, MADinteractive. Nicely played,
No, lmao she used to sit in front of me when you sat beside me.
:O My YouTube broke.. :\
I CANT STOP LISTENING TO 11:11 ITS AN AMAZING SONG!
i was born this way <3
It's likely for there to be a dance with life, a artsy reply to its inbuilt limits and concerns.
I'm spraying it repeatedly with Windex
yea boi! Happy birthday :)
Hey thanks so much!! I'll go check it out :)
Wait, can go down?
#LetsGo #Mountaineers Beginning of a
sidenote, everyone should tune into espn and watch my school lose to FSU. just sayin.
Having a gr8 papa day. Hope all dads are enjoying their day as well.
Booboo, you gon' regret this tomorrow. i got you in 1st.
super jealous ur goin to the game by the way...totally not fair
Are you sleeping?" "No... I always get into bed every night and just pretend I'm dead...
Turns out I am pretty awesome with a teleprompter!
And congrats back, We're crossing out fingers for 6!
Really enjoying without the Joe. is doing a great job, and his guests actually get to speak.
Organizational Readiness Checklist: category, task, due date, % complete, date complete, Accountable members, Responsible depts
Getting clothes, food & toiletries to those in need.
90s in Boston, wicked wind in Wi, snow in Mn? What?
I should join the Air National Guard?
Learning is about seeing, hearing, smelling, tasting & touching.Integrating your senses. How have you tapped into your senses today?
hey Mr. LV cab. Do you want to take a Twitterer to insert coins from wynn?
welcome home!
is that the same aide who works on etch a sketch????? :)
No murders or suicides in Detroit last night, none in Wayne county at all, makes for a better day at work!
Thanks for the follow! Got any good food news for me?
go on fb
sorry, we didn't. Got some Yards IPA.
is seeking a Chicago TW for a short assignment, writing assembly instructions for furniture.
Don't conservatives ever get tired of hating everyone? It must take tons of energy to hate women, gays, other religions, and other races.
boutta go over GM house
Well, welcome to Indy, Mr. Luck!
best show ever!
Yes they do! :) RT #BGSD knows where to hire the best interns, don't they?
Flipped on & am happy to hear I'm less happy to hear the fashion-ignorant callers.
#FlyMeToLondon so i could live there forever please
says Mary has a "tender loving ghost"
jp... It should go both ways... If you aint satisfied wit whatchu got
sounds and looks delicious
Excellent! Glad we could be helpful!
Shouts out to my new listeners from Spain, Hungary, Thailand & Romania!
RT #Quote Life is short so live the life u live the best.
Rain rain go away! We have games to play!
Had 2 share: "Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots." Be good to those around you. Pay It Forward #Friday!
Thank you pandora for keeping me company all night
#edu11 Big themes: mobility, from the impact as devices come in, to presentation as we develop apps and mobile web sites, and the strategy
Society has trained me, and others like me, to live in fear.
Feathered February! One Week until SQUAWK starts! get your tickets now!!
Twinsies say thank you!
My cousin has her prom today. I lovee her soo much, and I'm excited for her. <3
I don't need to hope anymore because I'm tired of being disappointed.
It was fun last night! :) RT : Hanging out with at Front Page news in Little 5!
Thanks for the response. Will do.
Alas. It's been a struggle rooting out the film images from my brain as I read, but I've enjoyed it so far.
Im just nigga rich..!
unfortunately the NCAA would not allow me to work while in school. However IMO that should be changed.
Apparently its frowned upon to "make it rain" while contributing to the collection plate at this Catholic Church. Like my money ain't green.
dude, time for an inaugural tweet!
trying to figure out which movie. Gotta be Lion King, right?
I'm thinking about this for my blog post. (Not even articles, actually, and I'm really wondering there.)
Tell us about your favorite #Preservation #Archaeology #Interpretation #History projects and programs at creativemitigation.com
Ok what are you referring to? :-) the google doodle?
At 1st game of the #Mavs playoff series. Go Mavs!!
we'll be there soon!
was reading: "He marveled at her beauty, sensuality and sexuality as she walked from him. He just wished she had done it before they met."
Watching a master teacher using an effective metaphor to teach concluding sentences. We all need more time to observe each other. Best PD.
What does that even mean? I just want some chocolate.
i have got 32 #homeless people out of 3homelessness. i clothe and feed #homeless weekly also. PTL!
Clousers jet landing soon. Should be a solid weekend hanging with the Penn ave peeps from trumansburg.
the hits? I just saw that some other people I follow arrived in NYC today.
tacos or burritos?
Tillman got another force fumble!
EW I DONT WANT HER LICKING ME
Tonight #Infected <3
Pilot killed in Lexington plane crash was on his way to furniture market
Know your place
Listening to freshmen and sophomores evaluate the year and our use of technology. Very interesting!
fantastic. Glad to hear it! Enjoy the game!
Looking good, handsome!! :) miss you a lot!!!
Why don't more women wear dresses like in the 1940's?
wait a minute.....this kids a douchebag!
thank you! Hope you're enjoying #peru!
SHOT"S GO OUT TO ON THE COME UP SHOW ..TUIN IN IN THREE MINS..ASAP!!
Nice popcorn maker!
Hopefully gunna be gettin some clan matches goin this weekend!!!!
Can someone explain to me why "Crash Your Party" is not on Karmin's album?
500 - tell a friend to visit our Facebook page helping us to reach 500! Thank you
how does avon pass some these kids?
Live Your Dreams.
The Hunger Games has been read. Done. Now for the movie!
Oh my God, I want to get an iPhone now just for this case!
Glad you like Online Check-In. We appreciate your business.
Yep he stopped by work to give them to me. You don't get any!!!! ;)
Shower,then bed!!(: don't want to go to school tomorrow!/:
we could of had it all... well, maybe 75 percent.
Good Luck Golden Bulls
big red is teaching our class
Pirates of the Caribbean is always a hit around that place
aww!! WOOF! I want one as well. I need a friendly companion! find any cute ones?
yepper. it'll be a party down here! lol
Is this the day you finnially notice me and tweet me?I love you tons.Have a lovely day with Mamma G.Happy Mothers Day:]
BIW user training event next Tuesday now fully booked thanks to reponses via BIW user base Tweeps. Remarkable response, wow..
Rick James, SUPA FREAK.
huh oh... Hopefully it's on it's way down south & not making its way up north, lol
sorry to hear that bro.
": Packing for Nashville. It's about to go down." He said she didn't have no nipples!!!!"
Starting Jacob Have I Loved by Katherine Paterson for our version of #nerdbery and Threats by Amelia Gray for me.
I wish I had a pellet gun to shoot at other cars at Penn Station to make them move around the goddamn circle like they're supposed to.
must be the demon in him. *smiles softly at jason*
What took you to Souderton?
1month from now, I'll be able to go on fb(:
are you gonna give him some extra motivation? ;)
This we will focus on Arkansas State University.
What are you cooking for Mom tomorrow?
Man this new weed I got is stupid as fuck... On mammas
The six most important words: "I admit I made a mistake".
why can't I retweet you what the hell
I am so going to punish myself if this comes out badly. I can't get an incomplete. Really closing a final at the start of Finals Week!!!
follow me!!
I'll be there Sunday for the show then back out in LA on Monday
I'm a fucking Strip Club DJ... I play music while your girlfriend swings on my pole!
woke up, lifted weights, played some b-ball, took shower, washed car, then hit up xbox.. yeah, im THAT good.
Also pretty sweet to see that a few scenes I filmed a few months ago for an undisclosed project turned out to be for The Avengers!
Some people on twitter I ain't never seen in my life lol
I love Light Up Night! I hope folks got a chance to see some of it.
Tonight: 100 Bones, 100 reasons why you should be at Whiskey Chicks. Happy Thirsty Thursday!
Just remember, the winner of Britain's Got Talent was a dog, so I guess we don't have a ton to live up to.
Weak ass arm in left. Fuck.
Alright... Back on the plane... Fingers crossed that we get to take off this time... SFO here we come... I hope...
What an interesting and wise point. Thanks! Your nice words are making my good day even better. :)
author Matthew Inman live in Bethesda doing a fun lecture and book signing tonight.
Ah. I bet that's true. I don't have my own website, so I may be out of luck in the short term (or need to spring for hosting).
It's almost American Horror Story time!!
i love you :)
We've already moved hundreds of students but its not too late to sign up!
Out of all the lies you told me, saying you loved me was my favorite.
My cousin to me: "You're like a real life Dora the Explorer."
My son owns this. It's every bit as... whatever it is... as you think it might be.
I need to know what you workout goal is so I create a fitness program to cater to your needs and wants.
Iowa! Make this stop. Please. RT Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) just requested some YouTube videos of late term abortions."
Listen To Birdman And Mack Maine And Lil Boosie Song The Fam.M.P.
Go Panthers!
niggas is dumb as hell
Thanks and best wishes for a great weekend!
followed! thanx for the follow
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
end of may. Might end up being a 5k but aiming for 10. Running it with friends which is a plus.
More videos and pics coming soon!!
Happy Hunger Games! I wonder if they talk about bread as much in the movie as they did in the books? LOL. The books always made me hungry!
so true! my gps is probably the best part about my evo.
Just mastered key placement on my Blackberry. Now Tap? I wonder how long it would take me to relearn my alphabet in dots and dashes!
Had a Great time last night at the Golden Nugget on the Deck Looking at all the Boats.
Thought blackird was dead, was reminded what dead is when we stepped into lee's....
"Serious Windows" a new standard in energy efficiency Stay warm this winter Black Forest Remodel&Tile Can Help Portland's Remodeling Experts
Happy Father's Day to all the great dads out there! Hope you got more than ties...
He Who Hesitates Is Lost ~ Proverb
back in L.A already? You work hard. Much respect.
should follow me. The biebenator needs some guy fans :P
CONTEST: Tell us where we should eat for lunch. Winner receives our undying gratitude.
Shit I'm just getting more and more stressed. Dammit. This wasn't supposed to happen.
Wish I had that one special person I could talk to for hours :/ #foreveralone ;/
The Red Wings look old. Even the Swedish Peter Pan finally seems to have lost a step.
They're nice ads. Full of warm fuzzies for Xmas! Happy holidays to you friend!
what are u talking about I didn't say anything about your Goddess.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your book.
I just wish Hedges would vote 4 Democrats, not the Green Party. A party won't be able to change anything if they can't b elected
I'm doing my Spanish poem on Ian Somerhalder yay
oh, yes! Classic...
That TV show could spare you for a week, right? Come hang out with us in Chicago.
who's going to day two of the #EMExpo tomorrow? , any chance you can hook a sister up with some notes?
10 more days until harry potter at midnight!!! <3
lmao! yoo we gonna drink some strong shit when i go back to new york
San Antonio will always be Austin's hometown. No matter where he lives.
If the #Royals were smart, they would waive parking fees for the rest of the year.
Cory Brewer needs to calm the f down... Youre up by like 30... chill the f out dude
haha there's alot of applications so it might take awhile lol
this time no him being the
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include pride. What motivates you?
If you have bad credit, no insurance but an average income, how can you get your dental needs taken care of?
Will point it out to her when she comes in today.
haah you have almost 20,000 followers..and no tweets yet.
Very good discourse. It was a success. Excellent mode of engaging in this vital discourse.
I Love the State Farm commercial with the Young Black Couple.
Russia Develops Revolutionary Ammonia Rocket Engine | End the ...
Yaaaaayyyy I got a break!!!
Let the Os send Kevin Gregg out there....please!
ditch the android. Thanks.
Let me know what you think of Tin Tin. I was thinking of renting it this week.
The #Falkland Islands population strongly wants to be British. Discussions about Argentina's claims should end right there.
Thanks to my pals tweeting from the tonight. Next best thing to being there. #NextYear!
so you do that too??
Thanks much 4 RTs & mentions! Enjoy the long weekend!
Whitney Houston , is really dead ... Woah . :/
My nieces and nephews will always get a yes for an answer from me. :D taking them to the park. #spoiledbrats just like me ^_^
heheh babe! I was crying cause I was laughing lolol. <3
they won 5-0 first game, and they just started the second game and it's 6-1 us!
Much thanks to for the Guster tixs last night - good show!
What are you doing this weekend? Text You of the Day: "I am finally going to _________!" Fill in what you have been wanting to do...
Looks like dueling pianos tonight at #pianolounge in Cedar Rapids with You would too if you knew what was good for ya!
- yep, you too. I was about to finish up some work before going to bed. TTYL
We have a couple of new #Nonprofits joining us...Like our FB page to find out who when we post it! #ABQ #NMwww.facebook.com/YouriDealsABQ
I have the data that created the graphic and easily re-create in any color!
hey aleejah its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. =)
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!
I always get it back $$$$
Sorry to anyone that may have got spammed by me. Changed password so it shouldn't happen again.
What Happens in Vegas... Ends up on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc... Happy First Friday...
Surprised!!! Rams not taking a linemen?
Thank you for your support!
Hopefully #madmen premiere makes my day better
Why couldn't I have been there D:
Why is he in trouble??? Hes done nothing wrong yet... RT : Christopher Wheeler!!! You are in trouble, mister!
U Knocked it out of the park in #THINKLIKEAMAN! And BTW.. your Fearless Mag cover #RIDICULOUSLY BEAUTIFUL! Be Blessed
Quote of the day RT : Keep playin with me and I'm gonna make you that age forever.
Seriously. :P Our job is one of no privacy. We don't ask account managers their salary. #Pay #Diet #WorkOut # HangOut
#HappyMothersDay to all the mothers including mines....
Laker fan where ya at
Aint shit my nig. Where da party at? We need to link up
How will IT depts will deal w/ explosion of new devices trad publishers need 4 testing? Ours looked stricken when I mentioned it.
limo prices would be higher due to gas
Why does have to take everything good and attempt to make me hate it
How long does the charge last?
Final Cut codecs are super annoying. After hours of tests... I finally figured it out! New video will be uploaded shortly!
iPods are slippery.
This English Setter is getting ready for her photo shoot
The ride
My other car is the 4 train.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves. ~Edmund Hillary
Hey Dani having trouble sleeping so up most of the night about to lay back down; HOW ARE YOU MY LOVE?
I was checking the bbl site and saw you have a division named after you. Congrats!
We are going to be part of a beta test for a foodie community website! Super excited, more details coming soon!
God had a plan for you, believe that
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
I thought 10u was intense...wow!! 12u softball is extreme!! I have a headache!!
Good bye Mr McMillian
I don't yet, but I'm thinking about it seems like alot of fun
Late-night train riders in Hong Kong, Singapore, & Taipei seem so happy, while those in Tokyo look so depressed.
Today was a silly, unfocused, unproductive day. Hoping tomorrow will be a bit more focused; silly and unproductive will be ok
RT : Have you tried Newsie? Another Google Reader app for the iPhone. Really nice app.
Soups of the Day: Chicken Pastina...Tortellini bro do...ravioli Florentine...Beef Barley...Tomato Basil Ravioli...Minestrone...Yummy
uh yep!
Jets Sign Matt Simms to Free-Agent Deal After Mini-Camp Tryout - BusinessWeek
Oh god, now me ad Mikie sit next to eachother in 5th hour.
Hahahah This guy was a dope head that was a musical genius ?
tell us what you most want to know about the craft and business of acting. post your most most burning questions here--
Oh, gosh. Thank you Melinda! I'm so happy you enjoyed it! See you next year! (o:
Good meetings in London today and nice comments from a client: "she's a fantastic asset to our UX team". I <3 my work.
RT : Students starting to gather at #JoePaterno statue
YOU WIN!
Shooting at #Caesars. Want to know what old school #Vegas was all about? Order from the waitresses here. They'll tell ya all about it!
So excited for our meeting attendance tonight!
Kudos to the #dsum12 team. Had a great time and met some great folks! See you next year!
Happy First Day of Spring and Vernal Equinox! Time to watch those flowers grow!
Rooting for , picking #boxing RT :
hw is tht bad? && im not a loser punk
it was incredible! Live music, 24 dancers, gorgeous set and lighting - what a well-rounded treat! Congrats and thank you!
lol it's cool, yo secret safe with me
My name's Korinna and I like to sit at the library and criticize my boyfriend for not doing work.
there is also a Paris metro station called Dupleix. I like to think it is named after the studio.
any idea when more details are coming?
Workin on some new stuff for Deathbeat Jam and tonight with Brian. We're gonna make some enoyable noise =] lol
awkward when we play 4th place C, and were the loudest people in the band.
please follow my new account
i can't wait to hear Jamez Anthony on
can eat a big fat dick.
Welcome! How many weeks out r u now???
aw u gone take me out on a date
It's really not too much to ask, honestly.
My humps, yes.
lol don't do that!!!
trending cheryl cole's #CallMyname! too excited!
omg where have I heard that before? And agreed!
won't be up for the Newcastle game, will be up for ours and hope we do have something to play for..
I already have one , sorry :/
11-5pm and we would need you there at 10. email me at for the locations details!
let us know! :)
Yay! Last day of my week of hell....
You like the fuckin finish line we can't wait to run into you.
Happy Thanksgiving to you too! :)
RT : Cool read on disruption in retail. " The Decade of Online to Offline #Retail Disruption...
#teamfollowback u shud check ur follower and if 1 of them is me and u havent followed back..... u'll be losing a follower
Happy St Pattys Day to my favorite Lepraucon.<3
": I hate auto correct" hell forking yeah
ginger orange tofu?
Someone added us to a Twitter list called "nerd stuff". We're 100% okay with that.
maybe tomorrow
First one in the office again. I need to start sleeping in later! #$$$
********CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM NM GUNS-THE ONE STOP SHOP FOR EVERYTHING YOU NEED!
Oh how I love the dixie chicks
Anyone want an s/o ? (:
The new episode of the Vampire Diaries was awesome!!!..... even the kiss that Damon gave to Elena.... HEHEHE
Steak Taco or an Al Pastor Taco for $1? Yeap. If you are coming to #sxsw12 you want to get cardcase. Get the app & use it
Mentions are so dead -.-' TWEET ME?
you were texting me from your ipod?
Until LOCAL media reports something, I'm not buying it. Sounds too fishy to me. How is report going to Miami first?
I Don't Know If I'll Make It, But Watch How Good I'll Fake It.
won 2 tickets to NYE party...but we haven't heard back from you!
Yup, it's still going strong!
Career path: 1. quit day job 2. work on teleport device
And we all know Black men are never falsely accused, right?
This kitten is amazing. I know all kittens are awesome, but this one is 100% pure distilled joy.
Ferrets ftw ;)
btw, did you see denise's tv debut on mob wives on sunday haha
That was a gift. Hang on to the damn ball!
Was waiting for you chime in on Jimmy.. How u doin bro..
does anyone know what Alex tweeted Alexis? he deleted it before I saw.
hehehe! I remember my times too!(;
Don't have a topic for your blog this week?? Do some keyword research, something will pop up.
Any reccomendations on hotels to stay in in NYC?? #hotelhelp!
That is very cool! I love return customers:)
got the same email lol
Having fun with our peeps at snagajob today, refreshing their leader program to deliver in July!
Is this fiction?
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances.
I never said you annoyed me? haha. what.
I only admire Thatcher for breaking the glass ceiling in her country at the time. This doesnt mean I endorse her politics.
isn't it great what money can buy??
I'm addicted to reality tv...
Hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving. Take all mistakes for Love.
of course each woman too:) gotta fit the twitter characters;)
this aint no picnic bitch!!!!
of course!!! You are awesome. I hope that everything is going so well. Praying for you!!!
hell no closer then that
Thanks for helping us spread the word today, Tawanda! :)
Thank you for the opportunity!
Totally agree -- she is looking GREAT!
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean.But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop.Mother Teresa
What's your favorite drink for brunch? Mimosas, Bellini's, Bubbly? Stop by all day today and try them all!
Celina Gomez, Olivia Newton John called, she wants, well she just wants you to stop making music
u do with tweets tho ;)
Just ordered take out and the guy gave me 3 forks. I'm eating ALONE. Guess its time to cut down.
Wonderful news...What are the details...All the best...
Its hot in Texas!
LOVE the twibbon! Thanks for posting that!
I am so in love with heath slater
RT : #bbcsum12 J Salter: wireless gr8 if want low reliability, bandwidth, higher $. rural areas need fiber. Wireless for mobility
Pick-up lines from business men are laughable. Especially when they're ordering flowers for their wives. Tacky.
ooh I hate that! Current job had that too and four interviews total! Crazy
yes, massively.
Shame on Culver City for having zero sales people on the floor. Thanks to Roger who eventually helped me with my new tv! :)
Congrats ! The librarians at Miami University just passed an Open Access policy.
Waiting for eccentric genius.
Another great "Blue Sky" in Nashville this morning. Makes me want to listen to the classic Allman Brothers Band classic of the same name..
I wish my job had a Spring Break.
regardless, plenty of future MMA fighters there for sure
When I get away, im staying away
CRISIS AVERTED! back into my account. thanks for the heart attack google!
Sick pass by Stastny on that Fowler goal.
Pay attention to detail, do the little things - they make the biggest difference
's new icon is so cutee! He has such a cute nosee<333 lmfaoo
FINALLY in the theater for #MidnightHungerGames. Got an awesome seat! I'm so STOKED! Let the games begin.
Raise your weapons...
How was ur day ma nigga
: Don't miss GUESTLIST!! You can make it!!! We know you can!! :D
sometimes it doesn't feel like I do :)
Our first tweet!
Click on the link and view Chief Saunders Video and click the "like" button and and let's get his segment as the most viewed to for TV.
wtf $650 to meet i met her for free a couple of months ago... how is that fair
chachi better bring the Boyz up with her ;)
good! I am coming for real this time. I had to request the space for the D.I.V.A.S. meetings
Second weekend of New Leaders Council was great -- intensive non-profit and political fundraising sessions
well, duh me! tells ya what i know. lol chalkin it up to not hearing that song. shame on me. lol
yea i had to grab them! i grab a pair of red bottom and they aint shit
k, well you're being annoying. so night.
" out of Austin is my 1000th follower! Follow them or something." Awesome! Thanks for the mention. Have an great day!
Haven't heard puns this good since Shakespeare
#bestthingallweek was your interview with !
Take social security and medicare off the table... a promise made is a promise kept...
So impressive to be sitting a few feet from Charlotte Gainsbourg, listening to her in such a small, intimate setting. Thanks SIFF!
Thanks for sharing your thoughts! I knew there would be strong opinions on both sides of the issue.
Make projects can be frustrating. can I get under the table?
For $2 a Star, a Retailer Gets 5-Star Reviews
how was your day?
I'm chill though.
Bye Fries! Hope we get to see you over the holidays.
pissin me off
Keep Bynum away from the reporters.
I hate reading Romeo and Juliet , it makes me jealous of Juliet..
This morning I'm at "Let's Go! Moving Detroit Beyond Business as Usual" at the Max M Fisher Music Ctr in Midtown Detroit.
yeah it was ((: loved it .
yea you are right, but it still was too soon for Tello to play, Pedro and Alexis would have made a difference
That plan always sounds better on paper. Also works better when you are showing a movie in class.
#IfWeAreInARelationship , cheating should never be an option, and should never cross your mind.
The festivities for the Lone Star Performance Explosion continue tonight at AvantGarden. 7-11pm. More great performances!
Double OT at da Garden. Solid.
he'a a bitch. I'll fight him
2 tickets to first who replies: Chocolate Farmer (East Coast Premiere),Trocadero Theater, April 24 at 7PM. Part of the Phila Science Fest.
aw thanks bro! i'll do anything for my boys! still workin on getting u some new stuff
one hell of a show last night in Dallas man! Hope to see you back in Dallas soon. Peace!
Can't wait to do some liveblogging!! : use hashtag #tedxclt for this year's Dream Makers & Risk Takers October 15
did good on the voice I love that kid and his 'SWAGGIE' I love that but #TeamBieber and
Are there any yelp/angieslist type resources out there for renters? Specifically to write reviews about lame landlords?
thanks for doing this! (Bushnell Park is in Hartford, CT)
TONIGHT - NEW YEAR'S EVE BLACK & WHITE BALL at Lotus Nightclub!!! Doors open at 9PM. Arrive Early, this one's gonna be Poppin!!!
Yea, that's kinda' what I was thinking. Would be big savings, though, which would make the whole trip easier.
Analysis: Dissident's case poses diplomatic test for US and China - Reuters
"NOT for Teacher"
crap. Yes that's what I meant.
Pamela Smart: The Menil Collection as a space where "poetry could prevail over pedagogy."
vs Brock Lesner was a very Bloody Bloody Match this was no PG match
This is like a football coaching tour de force. Driving through Tuscaloosa, AL home of another great, Bear Bryant.
Snacks! Snacks! Snacks! You are going to love the freshman 15.
Thx! So probably not an all-day shoe, but works for slip on, on the run?
lol I will think of you whenever I have a skirt catch moment!
I never ever lie ;)
Is she moving here?
well that's a whole 'nother kind of shoot...lol!
Need More Followers To Help Teenagers With Their Problems.
The Brothers Grimm
f that
image of the the same lady who married Yusef Ben Ali York?
I cld totally see 2million Coming to dinner and Gates VC having a lot to say to one another.
Boston, Boston, I'm a wee bit tired of Boston. Hm, I think I'll write a song.
Thank you so much!
Winter is on my head, but eternal spring is in my heart.
TODAY'S Super Mystery Jackpot song clue: Think wildlife. The jackpot is $80.
I read her food truck posts with lust, envy and maybe a few other deadly sins
Mormon's react to student novel, that parents claim has "anti-mormon" message. Will the book be removed from the read list? Watch CBS19
eating a popsicle that taste like 7Up pop!its good stuff,haha!
F the system man.
I havent had a PB & J in a long time.... that might be my lunch tomorrow... (:
Purchase-on-demand, aka patron-driven acquisition: generally upon 3rd view of #ebook from catalog.
Just flew in from a satellite service call in Santa Fe. Boy are my arms tired! Heh.
Manipulating my roomie to light spiders on fire. I hate them!!!
for lunch, for dinner with , , - it's an Asia foodie kinda day.
You always think you can outsmart the machines. Wrong!!
Madonna halftime show would have been better if people listened to that music But Indianapolis just knows country hick music
Writing to about his support for the Blunt Amendment made me feel slightly better about the state of politicians up in my womb.
Got paid early this week >>>>>
Felt gloomy=so I got curtains=must iron curtains=move furniture 2 install curtains=must move junk off furniture=2 busy 2 write=feel gloomy
Ive got little paw prints all over me :)
That's so cool! Even more reason for me to go see it! Congrats!
Thanks for all the good music, folks!
When we recognize authentic people, we want to stuff them in a box, away from cruel influences of real world? Box must open at some point!
#ANightinHollywoodLive is blowing my mind right now lol
It's always something
i think so !
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, #Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!
so pissed right now
Excited to read "Devil's Highway" after hearing Luis Alberto Urrea speak at the ICAP event. Incredible, inspiring storyteller.Tx
I didn't hear any words in the song at all.
I just need one tweet from I would pay for a meet and greet with him idc how much I would save up bhaah
Simple pleasures, good people. We deal with enough madness every day. Enjoy those small things that make you smile
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
What irony, because you're gay, but you still ruined my life.
I havent been on twitter in forever. I feel so ashamed of my self, D;
Knowledge of multiple metadata standards.
What happened wit them niggas in Saginaw they had to pony up on our bread...even though I got a whole bottle of Moet for $11
If I've learned anything in life, it's that people who like trains REALLY like trains.
jst leave alone. stop wasting your time. you motivate him btw. so stop. ur not funny.#SWAGGY yea go gt it!
Have a safe trip!
curtis ik i got u shitty earlier but i wasnt tryna come at u though, i was jus sayin tht cause i get mad easily, not. personal
Just finished v-day dinner with KT They nailed it. Freakishly good.
I cant believe it has finally come!! Hahaha!
look it up
it's from stepbrothers hahaha.
I'm glad, cause I've been wanting to do that for the past 2 months lol
Sometimes I got to play the same game as you .
My favorite Maurice Sendak book was Pierre. I remember reading it over and over, because it was so weird. But I loved it.
Enjoying sharing YA author sessions with my daughter. Priceless.
word...but thas cuz there's something wrong wit both of thm
I love and how much he embraces wisconsin (the state)...and that he has Indiana going far in his bracket
Please recommend us to your friends. We would like to reach 25 so that we can qualify for our own URL ;P
So work was long ... And exhausting but it is long over thank god I have a break I need it
RT : That was SCARY. I yelped at that high inside pitch to Castro like he was my own son.
are you still in Australia?
That's the way of the internet writer, no? Snark or go home!
Hey guys! What shows are you looking forward to seeing this summer?
make sure he follows ME!
Thank you all for following us! More exposure, the better.
dm me your number playa lets get to this $
Listening to One Direction for the first time ever...haha. guess this is my thanks to Ha
Homemade calzones and red wine. Ahh vacation!
I can't wait to spend it with you :)))
I donated money to you guys because I love you. No, I'm serious... I want to have your babies. We can make it work.
That's why I haven't updated mine in like 2 years.
Thanks for the RT!
Random long ass phone conversations with old friends are the best :)
Q3 Popularity. In undergrad I chose a popular school rather than focusing on my financial outlook and educational needs.
Hope you're having a good weekend in Vail. I have your hair tie! :)
Skateboarding stunts abound in the Prague Airport
The essential government service costs are increasing because of private sector inflation but salaries of only the top increase
Hey guys! Any Cinco De Mayo events planned?
how old will you be?
Yeah old cars are cool. I almost got a 64 1/2 mustang... I like modern stuff too much...like Air conditioning! Lol
They couldn't play any better, we couldn't play any worse. 20 points better than them on any other day.
god I hate bugs...
Communication & Collaboration link broken, please update we want to know!
MAYA is making a special off-the-menu cocktail for the next Art Drinks: a grown-up version of Strawberry Lemonade. Try it on May 9th!
My grandpa fixed his Harley, Yes!
People with Asperger's Syndrome :)
Obsessed with #VitaCoCo :)
Go visit in FL, CA, NY, or MA to pick up a pair of your very own moccasin booties! so cute! Best part? They go with everything :)
Always looking for volunteers behind the scenes, and right now looking to grow our onstage talent. Contact:
enjoying 's examples from her creative students. Lots of real-life issues being sorted out through multigenre research.
it's a wonderful life....
Last daddy-daughter dance class tonight. Big recital this weekend at UWwhitewater. is heading to
call me bro
more like very gross -.- Haha congrats on UC Irvine btw :)
1/2 off ANY drink before noon if you mention this tweet!!!!!!!!
Adam Kalishman is on air until 9! I just requested a song, so you should too!!
Original iPad. But still own and occasionally use a PowerBook G4.
RT : Brett Favre has thrown his hat into the ring to replace Cutler. The hat was immediately intercepted and returned for a TD.
But big ups to some bolt bus eyeglass repair kit macgyvering?
I got somethin for you to hear son lol
Univ. of Georgia's Watson wins the Masters!!
cant thank you enough! I needed this! This will complete my paper
lls im gonna save it forever ctfu
Okay okay... I'll trust this I guess RT : The Ravens are so damn smart.
I wouldn't mind if my #zumba class was canceled.
Loved the episode--how'd the voting turn out? RT Hi Steve! :-) That time again! Ep#2 just out!
Ar work: Big junkie day - almost forgot Chris Lee! Plus Oscar Docs kicks off with Restrepo - Junger & Hetherington - Inside Job tomorrow
ah shoot, is that even a question?? WordPress ALL THE WAY!!!
Green Living is not just about the environment, it's also about personal health. Green means People, Pet & Planet safe!
S/O to President Obama down here holdin up traffic!
happy ROCKTOBERFEST! who will we see at the Bluestone tonight?
You can always count on the pot smoking wackos in Oregon and Washington, almost forgot California. Not main stream out here.
Your The Only One That Make My Fairy Tall Come True !
RT : It's on! The Pop-Up Shop We're here along with
Lovin' the Target commercial with teen rendition of #adele "rollin in the deep" along w/ bus ridin' backup singers synchronized seat dance
Congrats to at Evanston TS HS in Chicago for a huge win tonight. Goodluck on Tues against Chi Simeon! Keep on chuggin'!!!!
happy Friday! Hope it's one of the best :)
Man my red griffeys are done super muddy o well time to get new ones
is working on programming a key for a Chevrolet Cobalt.
Afraid to lie near the window. I don't want to see Elmira Gulch or any flying cows out there, much less meet members of the Lollipop Guild.
Oh your welcome!!:)
Getting batteries for my watches-Time will be ticking away soon
ok im done with that
Lololol I crack myself up
Do not use a high-gloss glazed tile in rooms that are prone to get wet such as bathrooms or kitchens cuz of the slippery nature of this tile
awww any places that are must see....first time there in a week
on a party bus right now getting boozed....go g-men
So I'm flying Minneapolis to Chicago, Chicago to Oakland, then Oakland to Burbank??? Who planned this flight?
YAY AUSTIN FOLLOWED US (:
Yesterday I also slammed on the best meal I've ever had at Ho Ho's =) Man I love that place! My tummy does too haha
I love you too, Gorgeous ;) you mean the world to me... Even when you act like a grandma :P sweet dreams baby
Loud noises!!!!
Beavs blitz, Masoli lets it fly, great play by DB Lance Mitchell to knock the ball down
just checking
hear abt attempt to introduce rhythmic dance to Norwegians. Too Late? :(
Just finished #LANoire. #RedDeadRedemption and L.A. Noire kill the protagonist? Red Dead ending was tight but Noire's...weak.
i know you're excited about the atdi reunion. you think they'll be rolling through?
Top ten again plus a judges awarrd :)
I neve thought of it this way but you are 100% correct, Why don't agent's say we are tired of paying the broker?
Loved it
F our lives
aussies are so amazing, aww so proud to be an australian citizen :')
My Body Sings Electric Tour Kickoff | Hi-dive is next Thursday. Who wants a VIP Ticket/Shirt pack for $12?
We have our University funding from CSU for textile oral history gathering!
PS. On that 10", how amazing was the song "Say Anything" ?!
I'm in a country mood! Jamming the radio at work!
Annie looks so sweet!!! Hope she finds a wonderful home for Christmas
Going to work today? Leave your "AUTO DESTRUCT" in ACTIVE. Oh how your co workers will love that!
Telling me you gave my neon to your favorite customer isnt a good way of trying to pry a new out of me. Selling more beer would work better
Happy new year!!!
Justin dedicated Where Are You Now to Jeremy, Turn To You to Pattie, and Down To Earth to them both. What about your idol?
I could do that !
Canon U.S.A. Announces Google Cloud Print(TM) Support for Select PIXMA Printers
Just went on a shopping spree in Look Boutique. Great service, lots of samples, happy customer!
We are not defined by our appetites. We are defined by our choices.
Dear whoever is reading this, you're beautiful & someone out there is crazy about you. Life's too short to not use your smile.
that's great! maybe we can grab a lunch or happy hour when you're here! Just let me know whenever you get into town! :)
I don't even read other people tweets, I just speak my thoughts and don't give a shit if you respond
I not only believe that God can change my circumstances, but I KNOW that He will!
Less than 2 hrs until Night 2 of our Apple A Day Giveaway gets under way! Get those phone dialing fingers ready! Good Luck!
for what
aha. Ima try n get my mom to go there like tomorrow ; I want one so bad now. LOLL
ahaha worst compliment I've ever received from someone lol
Did you know? 60% of all cut flowers are grown in California.
doing ok... I'm at work until 8 and interview @ 1pm
pleased to make your acquiatance, enjoy your weather
Thank you!! And same to you :-) Enjoy your weekend.
Im feeling a little annoyed at life this morning, like in the sense that if I didnt have to spend so much time working and handling other
- Thanks for the follow! Guess what we're taking to #Vegas this weekend??? Yep...gotta have our Clique Vodka!
good morning ((:
Maybe a little cruise will make this day better
I never thought I could love someone as much as I love you.
#PhillySportsTalk baby! I don't think Utley plays this season, but that's just me.
The state of IL now owes me $4,000 for trying to tell me I owe them $1,000. If they can make shit up so can I.
Jeans, Tee, flip flops, n my homemade jewelry. Can't wait to not worry about being cold! You wouldn't believe!!!
Hey lady, can you remove this tweet. It links to my desktop.
only one way to find out. Barf.
My first draft of Birthright was 86k and my most recent is 120. It may be less than that when I get done and cut/add.
I will never stop using the 'xD' face, makes me not feel awkward
Overall it's great, feeling great. Training is slower than I expected, but time is at a premium these days. ;-)
I would be there SO fast!
Mahomies: When we party, WE PARTY HARD.
I'll take one large with a side salad. Just watch out for Artwalk patrons when you drop it off.
Except don't watch the JATS-Con webcast session at 1:30. Nothing interesting happening then. :)
Hanging my ten foot tall "Monolith" today at AOT Gallery in #PortTownsend. Glad they have high ceilings!
what about Nick?
Mr. Welsch he passed away on Mar.16 in an auto accident on Rte 20 in the Hancock area!
work?! You got a job Tommy?
agreed!!! Shock Jock. I'm done wasting tweets on him
It's another sweater-atop-sweater kinda day. Is it REALLY May? About to go into hibernation.
Off to school bye!
Wondering what lady gaga is wearing this year? O.o
Besides I love her :)
Last night's skype date with my boyfriend was cute c: I'm new to it
when are you coming home?!?!
Oh Geez. Vilma is taking Goodell to task. WOW
Same here. And I sure will! I don't think I've ever met another "Luanne"!
for sure!
why are you a Liverpool supporter and not West Ham?
Breaks and rotors shot and ac not working on the hottest day of the yr. Oh bother /:
French toast, bacon and cheesy eggs for breakfast. today is going to be a good day!
On #teamfollowback....now recruiting! ( :
where's the free BBQ at? :)
Thanks for linking to that. Beautiful.
Callback today for Michael John LaChuisa's Los Otros.
Chruch Gotta Go
Thank you sir!
budlight? :) u need some whiskey or rum, but i guess bud will do. i am having a cigar and red wine 2night. Cheers.
At least I have an hour before my next flight to wait in this crazy line. Thanks for the delay, Delta.
yeah, what's with that??
She just asked me if.I want a free obama phone for emergencies....lmao
football season is around the corner..who will win the
my dad used to order that when I was a kid and I always wanted to be cool like him and eat it.My mouth would burn for hours!
does it have to be one or the other?
Loyalty is all i know.
Eli M
#twittamentary. Talking about homeless ppl and Wall Street trading floor hhuummm
I am the keeper of my thoughts, and my reaction to turmoil is one of cool and calm.
Hm will tonight change my life?
Friday Jazz at Enso: Neil Gordon Trio (2/18)
care to elaborate before I kick your ass
And I am now incredibly curious...Haiku Laureate?? Do tell...
excited for a big night with
indeed i have , indeed i have . ;D
I SAW IT ON ITUNES AND IT WAS FREE SO I GOT IT AND I LOVE IT.
OMG the shrimp!
we'll do our best
He's making coffee. Or meth. No I'm pretty sure it was coffee.
Now at the airport to head home to Austin. Fantastic
Awesome text from my wife: "We are leaving swim practice early...somebody pooped in the pool".
Gov #Brown's initiative is good start but not enough, Bill Freeman, SD Education Association.
I've had the Baccano! theme in my head for the past 30min because of that tweet.
#dogperson all the way.
Everytime you forgive you disappoint the devil.
Let's hear your worst computer meltdown stories ... best story gets a FREE TECH SUPPORT SESSION!
Back to life.
Up way too early just to go play a golf tournament. Smh at least i don't have to go to school today
Thanks for the #FF and !!
Anyone know anyone that's single? :/
Getting some work done while watching 's video shoot at Carte Blanche studios.
'Cause I'm pretty sure I'd be curled up in a ball in the corner if I needed to figure out a way to pay back $100k+ in loans.
Don't spread that around, or the pharmaceutical industry will collapse!
#1 sign you're an entrepreneur: the janitor tells you to go home.
omgosh hi! no no no but thiis is! thank you so much. #sosweet RT just thought you should know-you're amazing(:
you're the bomb!!!!! are you psyched for our music video coming out this thursday?
Well since I can't sleep, might as well get some hw done.
I don't remember shit when I'm half asleep, I feel like it was part of my dream.
I Can't Wait To Get To The Mil
the game in Tampa Bay that we should be able to go to before heading to
Beautiful day today. Tried to shoot hoops at scenic park by lake...until massive amount of goose crap on basketball court interfered.
all dancers should have training in ballet if they want to be above and beyond excellent
Director's Cut of BLADE RUNNER.
Mocking people in a voice they don't even have...
All 5 members are can anyone guess who mystery man is?
the food and shopping
hahaah, let's watch it again when i'm home..i miss u guys!
Really wish I didnt have to work tonight :/ its mothers day!!
look up Lee Smith he can't be any worse at 60. Heck let's get the Farns back from Tampa. Lol
It's National Walking Day! Join us downtown at the World Trade Center @ noon for a kick-off event & walk along the waterfront.
Great dinner at the Farmer's Cabinet. Now off to the Mousetrap.
Nice D
I would come to a dinner party. But Tacoma is a long way to drive for dinner.
Hi #libchat! I'm finally back after a wee time away. I'm Mackenzie and I work in tech services in a medical library near Chicago.
I hope I have a hot nurse today
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoy the blog.
I'm so freaking happy for I can't stand it. Way to go man. Here's to the first goal in a long career in Black & Gold.
Someone asked what our goal is for selling our images. It's to sell 200 images per day M-F. And...to be the next istockphoto millionaire.
Stress is just your mind being confused on why you didn't choke the hell out that asshole...
Realizing more and more how college is so not a real era in life.
I used to tweet awesome crap now it's just pure shit. But idgaf.
"I look a DICKS all day"
I don't have any
Chapel note: Rockefeller Chapel seats approximately 1,700. RT : How many people does Rockefeller seat?
The Westown Farmer's Market is open today! You can find produce, kettle corn, honey, lunch items and more at today's market!
haha yes I figured that. I'm wondering about a D1 men's team.
Busting out the drill to hang 's board. Everyone likes a girl that can use tools, right?
Britney Is Born This Way
Hardest thing I've ever done: sit in a taxi in bad traffic and not eat this bag of Hill Country Chicken fixins.
That is so rude! I would never be so rude to anyone!
Yes! I've got 80 pages to finish on my current read, then I'm picking up Alias Grace. Can't wait!
Olive Garden! :p
go to thetalentfarm.com to catch a live performance of us in about 20 minutes!
The Renegade Theatre Group
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. Henry Ford
You two broads had better wear your happy pants tomorrow. Just sayin'....lol
Music keeps you sane.
Brockport Rotary Club announces cooking class, barbecue music fest fundraiser
Great presentation from of Real good stuff.
": My final exams do not start till Wednesday fml" gud luck to ya hope u do well
My dog. Puked. All over. My shorts. WTF
9/11 was an inside job. 20 questions with the president... www.infowars.com
Pretty sure it just disconnects the domain. Not searchable, accessible.
enjoying my day off, rain and all
I was reading about your Blur Hadoop-based architecture. It looks pretty interesting!
Happy holidays everyone
haha you are out of your mind young one.
:) it fits you perfectly
Who thinks Tiger will win at Augusta?
Dress up: What am I going to be this Halloween? I'm going to be a... sleep
hackoff was epic. Freaking matt in cleveland! A legandary meltdown for radio history.
Fatman good I m comeing to Orlando
haha i must return it to it's owner.
dude where is my wine? :)
I thought I sat on the remote. What the hell just happened on the oscars?
great! Thanks for the info.
that's what you think!
Saw you on AJNews. Well presented.
Follow us on Twitter:
it looks like my Power is Back Skip
Mom allen
OMG!! finally woke up(:
#wtfwasyouthinking with that bad ass english! it should be "WERE"
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good and you?
Missed out on PA3 with 's too bad, I had myself prepped to sleep with the lights on all next week
glad to see keeping it classy and being sociable with the home fans, keeping the fans happy is key :D
Outdoor Spaces Opens New Office in Leesburg, VA, Welcomes New Landscape Designer
It taunted us, I'll have you know.
Not fun with a 2 year old.
Tons of places in Toronto, best in Buffalo is Duff's for Wings or Russell's for Steaks
Hey tell your friends: Free pizza for students 12:30-1:30 today!
Tough to fix all Bush Admin failures, spelling in 4 yrs RT Ben Ladin is dead. GM is alive. But America is still going broke.
Feed me ):
sounds like you'll be ship shape in no time!
Gonna be gone for about 4 days or less. Hope I don't loose followers! )':
Even if VA Tech Plaintiffs prove school could have done more to prevent deaths of students, damages are capped at $100k for each family
I'm almost outside.
Thx for sharing! RT : Really great article on how to contribute to an OSS project (hint - it's not just code that's needed):...
when isn't he sexy seriously?
So I was getting ready for bed, started brushing my teeth, then got on my laptop. Half hour later... I realize I'm still brushing my teeth.
Perfect day in Florida! Even though I look like a weirdo sitting outside w/ 15 bone models, talking to myself practicing informed consent...
dang it.
Been staring at laptop screen too much last few days & got painful eye strain today - now sat here looking like a high tech Ray Charles!
Maybe if we press "2" for Spanish, we'll actually get someone that speaks better English then the person on the "1" line!
this is cute (: but where is his car seat? Smh :P
": wheres my jollof rice?"/cook me dinner
you're gonna love it. :)
Kick rocks santa!!!!!!
why aren't my @ replies showing up?
Money flies when you're having fun. (thanks to Victor)
"ugh my banana isn't ripe enough"
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment. You want it, you better never let it go!
(Bcuz I know is some teenager) OMG...u need 2
Feeling like OJ. Held in captivity. For being who I am. All I took was a picture if me.
horrible bosses.
packed the shit out of
I know I will let u know more about her tomar when I get more info ohh and she has lost all her teeth :(
RT : Let people subscribe to FAQ & crisis updates: SMS, email, Blog RSS, etc - Keeps people informed advises
Off to a shaky start. Trying to steady things out.
What a relief that my identity & freedom is in Christ.. not in relationships, my job or dashed dreams. Christ is so worth it...
Going to see the midnight premere of Cars 2 :)
Ready for the Lake show!!
I'm fine thanks :)
Yeah I recently fell in love with Neil Gaiman so I'm looking forward to reading it. And DUH I will totally be there!
I had follow
New China for dinner! M.....
Hiring the right staff is crucial to any new restaurant.
yeah one of the two let go. I was checking n my son she rides by my Bm house I get a pic MSG its my truck I go outside and ugh
I feel like shit.
just saw a little old lady wearing a shirt that has" flirtologist" written across the chest in glitter
follow the page i use tryna delete this one
you did too!!
OG Dream Team on the road. New Jerz here we come...
You need to reach out to - they are awesome at finding new music and getting it out on Twitter.
jus put all ya business out there lol jp
Happy Mothers Day <3
Philip Crosby says "Quality is the all-important catalyst that makes the difference between success and failure" ;)
Instead of focusing on Obama you shoukd be talking about how we can get rid of him.
case in point, the occasional disdain for the new materialists.
Watchin a superhero movie marathon on the movie channels today with my man :) Thor, Green Lantern, Iron Man 2
Enjoying #miniCONAN with the Big Aristotle.
"We dislike chaos and like order--not regimented order, but order with texture and variation."
You got your boys bitch ! ": Gonna be lonely the next couple of days:'("
I WAS SO CONFUSED THIS MORNING!!!
girl, you're just at Nerd 101 but you show great promise to become a Master Style Maven
so how's everybody's night goin? lol
Zine launch today, 4pm-6pm, as part of in the James Gallery
I knew one of the best groups wouldn't fall out on some homo talk. Nice work then, they got some serious promo.
HEY MY FAMILY
Now I have a thermostat that is understandable (..!) I save lots of energy.
Thanks for following
Getting ready for work
Love it! How life changes, huh?
Already follow :D
that is, was, and always will be one if the best movies ever. Roger, roger. Over, under. Ever seen a grown man naked?
Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders!!!!
I passed my stage tech final! Whoop
As it turns out, wanting to be good at chess and knowing the rules of chess are two different things.
yayy!! Did you get in contact with that place I sent you the link to?!! :)
LOL! Good quick kick in the rear isn't working?
I dont mind her saying that but then she will pull a Mic out of her purse and drop it in front of me....
looks delicious, i myself am partial to asian cuisine
What's the over/under on Blackberry folding before BB10 devices launch?
what did he have an accent on?
This just reminded me of when all you boys sang You've Lost That Lovin Feeling to me @ Michigans on my birthday! Awww.
Walking around Milan today. Climbed to the roof of the Duomo--great & impressive. Now I know why it took 400 years to build.
um my phone won't let me put a pic up
My cat has taken over the pillows. I'm drunk maudlin and tired. Sigh.
what a game!!
can't wait to see will beckett
nah lol I was recordin lmao but I'ma call u tonight promise I'm Gnna let u kno on here b4 I do though
that tuna fish sandwich i just ate>>>>>
Power is out in #Fineview! So, & I are sitting in the dark having conversations/finding entertainment through social media ha.
so much homework -_-
where in mexico do you reside? moving to rosarito beach, hollahollahollaholla.
Kim! You can do it! Don't let that remote get the best of ya!
Welcome to the Patriots and our Crazy Fans....Mr. Mallet...#justsayin and
I hope I leave my stupid school and go to a new one and start all over A.S.A.P
Watching Cadillac Records...and sorting the laundry...and cooking...and tweeting!! ww
check out his delightful illustrations.
"A genius is the one most like himself." -Thelonious Monk
RT : wow Moyer is 49 and still playing that's crazy
Who ever said school startes on monday does NOT have a heart!!
Apple released iOS 5.1. It's been running on our development iPhone 4S for quite a while - 1st release that works with Bluetooth Low Energy
Thank You Jesus for loving us as we are!
it'll buy u another chance ! RT I got the 4 & 23. Did I win a dollar? lol Darn, I guess I have to go back to work
elderkitty has come out of her shell and is roaming the house ... very nice
Or shoot him with a tranquilizer dart and mail him to Uzbekistan?
i am in desperate need to go tanning
glad we're connected, I see you're connected with too
Much love n respect Eb I be hearing ya name in the city and you aint even in this bitch! Thats hustle like a mf! best of luck.
Thanks for including our latest blog post! Glad to connect.
It was blast. I feel blessed being able to meet so many amazing people
Moment of silence for all the soldiers that didn't make it to 2012. R.I.P.
They're so amazing. lol. voted on my mom's phone. my dad's phone, my phone and my grannys phone(;
It's time to do some ziplining this morning:)
The 5k books of #thepeopleslibrary have been thrown in the trash.
how are you Ken?
S/o to the next big social network
#ImWeakFor A green eyed, brown/dark haired boy, AKA Nick :) <3
Eff' Justin ! My phone was supposed to have an incoming call from YOU hours ago !
I get pissed when I'm not asked to become the godfather of a newborn.. even if I barely know them.. I want the title damn it!
I started the book Marge gave me for my summer reading. Best start yours too in case she quizzes us.
so sad concerts wont be held in City Market anymore. :(
next time I'll will go
girardi 400th win as yankees manager..congrats
RT : #ThingsThatINeed the Yankees to rally hard right about now...<Amen...
gardening with
Soon! When is everyone free?
Tears came out my eyes on stage Monday night when I played "Blues For Trayvon" at the B-day Blues Jam...that's when you KNOW IT's REAL!
That is too funny. Some people like a more natural appearance.
found an anthill on the side of the house the other day...hmm. not much direct sun anywhere so dithering. ;) thx.
I don't know if I can wait that long!
Use your imagination. Trust me, your lives are not interesting. Don't write them down.
If you do not go after what you want, you'll never have it.
- My birthday is on Friday so I'll be celebrating it the right way!
Might be tight, but worth it.
Laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction. -Anne Frank
Hi. Ho hi ho it's off to work I go :-)
knicks beat the heat and the C's crushed the hawks.. a good day in the
Goodnight twits
Lets go celtics!
Snow?!?! What's going on here? I thought we were in the middle of winter? Come on over & get a cup of Mint Meltaway to deal with this snow!
...these fast young women do not marry quite as fast as they dance. In the hymeneal race, we find them lagging behind. (1857)
love miller park.so comfortable.enjoyable.spacious.smells good..awesome tailgateing in a huge parking lot..moderatly priced..only1 hr away.
you can burn CDs through it super easy
I would highly suggest #snowtubing at Wildwood Highlands!
I didn't mention that they were both male cats...
RT : Anyone know someone who wants a fish tank? 58gal with black oak stand/light plus Ehiem canister filter, gravel. ~$300
Great speech!
My first #milwaukee #stpatricksdayparade !!
"I Dont want her cause she from the corner and i heard that beamer was a loaner".
dumb hoe I texted you 2x last time and did I get a respond? No!! And nope im at work till 1a... Are you?
How long can you stay in the bad part of the Internet before BECOMING the bad part of the Internet?
fair enough & was a mustache away from being balboni, too!
Junior better be player of the game he saved their ass tonight
Thanks 4 the note 2day ! Hope the in Chi is treating u well 2night! Sipping some in South Flo!
No friends
facebook would be best.
Double stacks no longer a dollar...the world must be ending.
From your love is my drug to there tour that is happening now . I love these boys and all the other ICONiacz i can forever call my family<3
lol u gotta turn the tables some times
OMG! Suzy! You're too much, I guess you never switched! LOL Hope you're out having a drink or 2... :)
American Reunion.. Movie is hilarious.
NICE! Work that thang! =)
#endoftheworldconfessions I'm on a horse.
Just got one of your T's Alive On Purpose Logo T-shirt Can't wait to wear it. !!!
If this were ANY other team... the C's might be down by 30...
YW... Hope you get dat iPhone! :)
What can I do to help you get there? You are so awesome and sexy too. Got to have you there so that I can meet you <3<3<3
:) sweet! thank you!
Sad to miss #builtheritage chat- heritage & books, my 2 loves- but my excuse seems somehow fitting- I'll be at Walt Whitman's birthplace!
On behalf of my hard earned cash, I would like to bid adieu to as I relocate to a credit union.
You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing. Arthur Ashe
Just get on with it already Thursday. Can't wait to see what tomorrow holds.
In other news, if you try to find legitimacy in the concept of YOLO, you are a fucking idiot.
From Sat, the good old days of MKE Bball RT waukee: Forty years ago, were the best in the basketball world...
is that right! I'm not tripping!
Omg I love him as much as I hate Randy's blazers. He better make the finals.
Get great tickets to Broadway, Off-Broadway, attractions and tours. Group rates on the TOTAL NEW YORK EXPERIENCE. www.AllTicketsInc.com.
Can we throw them as we walk down the aisle? RT : Jeweled daggers-more ladylike! RT sword-laden bouquet!
If You REALLY Desire A Real Relationship & Don't Have One, It Could Be That: "You've Placed 'Relationships' Too Low On Your Priority List"
what happened?
I can tell you would've made a great Masked Rider!
I can't get over how beautiful it is right now in Charlotte. Working on Dangerous Race gear & enjoying the breeze flowing though the windows
I'm planning on it. Haven't bought the plane ticket yet, but hopefully will soon.
Don't blink! Rangers Score!! 1-0
Slow yo roll pump them brakes
lots of talk abt waiting 4 studio execs to "age out" for new models to emerge but zero talk about it being less white & male @ the top
At the party. Ironic scene out front with police, firemen, EMS and a person who just can't get up!
Excellent philosophy, company vision and product. I am a reservation holder on the Model S. cc:
Winter break is officially over, on my way back to school as we speak
The Men and Womens BBall teams both won. Congrats athletes! Keep it up! UMW supports you.
Its one of those Mondays; I feel my job title should be "Research Lackey".
Do you have more information about the two claims #OccupyLA has against the city?
Since the mind and body are connected, you use an amazing amount of muscles when you laugh."
About to watch the Baylor-Stanford semi-final. After that, I'm going to watch "The Help" on DVD.
no. Steve Nash to pacers yes
Mine are tiny boxes or Jars. I can only fit one or two tiny things. Like Tia Dalma lady from Pirates of the Caribbean lol
Home and life is chill. Cupcakes are sweet!!
so was Peyton. Qbs with swag are douches like Rivers Vince Yound and Brady
Just returned home from a Northern California roadtrip.
ha I have a bankers box with just shellacking supplies. Maybe I'll make furniture
Dress in bright colors at night and go and act like you are pulling a rope and cars will actually stop. It's so funny.
the key for u to make it tonight
Announcing the Jamboree BOTb today!
Local hero! RT Today tackled a guy running away after stealing cigarettes & then prevented owner from harming the thief.
Thank y'all so much for coming out and participating at the #4sqDayATL party.
Saddest situation are those who sold out of equites in early '09, they got a double dose so to speak
At Web2.0 & social Payments session.
a handful of bars including Wolskis... Also signing w/distributor soon and will be everywhere w/in 1-2 months!
5 followers away from 450! Who will be my 450th #Assyrian follower? I'm still looking for new stories for my website so let me know k? <3
Alright this is enough for now :) so how's everybody's day so far? :)
I'm not friends with so many people. RT : "YOLO Time" is trending!
love that song!
Cataloguing today. I forgot how much of a pain it is to count quires in a manuscript that has been rebound too tightly.
Don't forget to follow on Twitter to be eligible to win tonight
FUCK YES! I am so happy right now I'm going to cry.
I didnt mean the tweets. I mean like worry about me..
The neighbor's wall disappeared along with scribble on it.
Those are neat!
What's your favorite map on Black Ops? Mines Nuketown :)
Why do we want Anchorman 2? Look what Anchorman did to Will Ferrell's movies since...
DVD: Beginners (2010)
don't be mad when I email you saying that.
i have an idea get the nfl.network
Thanks to our recent followers! #FF , , , ,
You in a better mood today friend?
It's a destiny moment. Perfect. Romans 13:11
Hate the taste of liquor, but I love the feel of it *shrugs*
Thanks man!
going to 's tommrrow
No kidding! That's where I moved from! Scottsdale. When are you headed out there?
#catcode Oh, all right. I'll play too.
Are we close to the first award yet?
Photobomber Trolls Tourists at Leaning Tower of Pisa [VIDEO]
LAPTOP TIP: Optimize your battery life when not plugged in by lowering your screen brightness & only running 1 program at a time. ^jl
:3 love you maya
the mothers are true warriors do everything to raise their children
#sportingkc really doing OK considering understandable fatigue. Gotta get one back.
I just wanna thank God, for all the pretty women he let into my life.
Thanks for using ShowClix! Have a wonderful time at the show and Happy New Year!
Humbly sitting around a table with some of the best humanities advocates in the US like Jamil from , Esther from
Looking forward to seeing everyone at K Street Lounge (13th and K) for Happy Hour today! 5-8pm
Amanda Savage is the Kobayaiche of cinnastix.
You owe your audience "big time" Cenk Uygar
MY LAPTOP IS WORKING!! my life is back :D
you guys are awesome. #tweeton! Tomorrow we talk hashtags and lists
no they shouldn't, can't even imagine the pain.As a mom I'd think there is an empty void in ur heart that never heals.
LOL Now I really am rooting for OKC just for ..
Hey Cousin! I hope you are doing well. :D
Ah yes, those long term planning tasks :-p (rubbing alcohol might take it off)
That's a repeat. And wouldn't count because the single is the event that would matter.
then i said smh , bye !
Great time shooting Washington Capitals vs Florida Panthers game. Thanks Capitols!
Every Thursday, FACEBOOK FANS receive a dollar off the price of the buffet for lunch & dinner.
Alpine Valley would have been nice. Oh well
": Enterprise architecture should capacitate flow, not force rigidity. #entrenchment #entarch #lookimwriting"<- U go girl!
it's 3:30 Sunday afternoon.
time to mute the TV
I feel like a teenager - yes I'm waiting for #PLL to come on!
Exercise provides better result than drugs or a combination drugs/exercise according to five meta-analysis on depression.
roger that! XO
Awe- U mad? Jajajajajaja
About to call it a night....Tired as ever -_- Goodnight Tweetie Birds....
Liz Rooks: In 1959, RTP was an ambitious dream in an economy based on agriculture and manufacturing. Today, RTP's annual payroll = 2.9B.
Ayo lmao thats crazy talk RT : That's what she do play herself blame you then play you
Chicagoans! When you're in the mood for seafood, what's your favorite place to go?
guys if you haven't already bought TSP's EP off iTunes you totally should.
Could the real reason be that everybody has already seen the Swedish version, and has no interest in the remake?
Because we LOVE our Tweeps so much, we're extending our deals until the end of the month! Call 617-227-5499 for an appointment now!
The Eagles love the Cox!
want to shed weight? Buy and use a fitbit. I've been using one for three months and I've shrunk by two belt notches
Duck tales #1 comes out today. Can't wait to get it!
I think Parenthood may be the best show on television.
Some officials comlain about the rising unemployment rates, yet these are the same people cutting jobs.
cody simpson?? :P
Congratulations for taking advantage of it.
good morning twitter family <3
local #leesburg #virginia writer would be a great idea for a book review - her book is great for #blackhistorymonth! DM!
"time for buffalo chicken and powertools"
We miss all of you too. Not sure about Vegas yet, but will let you. Hope all is well with the CayRum family!
Off to check out a local farmers/craft market and the sun is actually shining:)
checkout that Meech Dogg single JUICED UP free
Typing another paper... A N O T H E R is the key word..
I've definitely heard like 8636186392 different stories about the wreck. If you don't know what happened, please keep your mouth shut.
Absolutely. Same here in Florida. Beats the weather in Iowa and North Dakota.
You better step your game up
I MISS YOU SO MUCH, MAMA!!!
my night, is boring! Yours?
follow me
I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult. It's not. Mine had me trained in two days. - Bill Dana
#mybigfatgypsy christmas = ridiculous!
Homebrew was there in prior years.l, too many tickets sold, strange layout, big beer
Watching 30 Clubs in 30 Days with Viggle Thu | 11 | MLB Get real rewards just for watching TV.
oh. I always thought he was encased in Dolomite.
This week feels like it's never ending...
Omg this is the worst day ever my mouth hurts so bad ): this sucks so bad ):
i am such a fan of u and ur show hellcats i watch it every tuesday!! i was wondering is u cus plz plz pl plz plz follow me?:)
New Co-Pieces of the Week and The Beat Without pieces are up also!
*in certain countries
I keep Urkel like the winslows
Photos: St. Paul Police turning up the heat | Twin Cities Media Center
yeah, I'm sure you're lighting it up in that category ;)
Partying in Vegas @ Gallery. Catching up with Steven Kennedy
Why's that Alex?
Follow us to find out about great food and drink deals all week! We also do full svc catering & pvt events
Find us at Detroit Bar tonight!
Hey shawtys merry christmas
Did you know Yoko is on Twitter?
- how can you lose?
You are in charge of your own good time
I hate when plans get fucked up.
fitness indicators and sex displays article at blog, (almost everyone seriously underestimates pleiotropy)
Protecting the Pens at Consol Energy Center #penguins look for the
#Asiansuperstitions don't walk over someone's legs, you won't grow taller. This is true btw. I've been short since
Looked at the 'recommended people to follow' and was surprised to see the CAT of an ex. His CAT?
Recently saw that, too, but need to watch again! RT : it's pretty awesome. So is Flushed Away (also Aardman)
China data points towards economic recovery - Reuters
i always want to give away my loofah creations, my passion is so deep for this business, there's no shutting anyone out I share!!
Should I change my icon to me?
What to do if your pet has fleas: 1)Don't panic 2) Call your Vet 3) Understand how fleas proliferate-Knowledge is power!
And I'm off to Portlandia! :D can't wait to see :)
you haven't emailed me to tell me that you are going to be sensible, my little Nuggety xox
Okay, already packing ;;) tomorrow goodbye surabaya :*.
Surprisingly, I'm getting a lot of work done today. I even learned a javascript hack. It's a good feeling to find an easy answer sometimes.
I am the happiest person alive right
#15PeopleILove #1 God. He's always been there for me, will never leave me, protects me, saved me. I love Him and always will.
my bad sis this is the my label page....gnr
A new revolution in wine... 10% off Wines That Rock now through Sunday. Mention this tweet!
Encryption and protecting networks from hacking are key in security.
Thank you for following us!
Will some1 put #Melo back on a plane to Brazil... Is it really that hard to go to class when you have a shot to win a ship!
Q5: As an introvert, you've got to put yourself out there to connect... even if it makes you tired!
I do most of my lying when I'm trying to get off the phone.
I followed! :)
1st person i go to 4advice...RT : I need your advise.. I have a job interview tom.. Any last min prep suggestions?
tony hawk likes to look longingly at satalite dishes while holding his deck. travis pastrana trys crazy spinning moto tricks. they rule.
listening again! My favorite song! #SaySomethin love you Austin!!
Play ball
8.7mi in 1:20. Guess that's ok having had an exhausting week and not running in over a week.
Can somebody PLEASE explain to me WHY Tf I'm here! #honestly I don't know why!
Sox up 10 ... must have left in the 4th inning
Wow I really miss seattle.
Don't trust anybody
haha isn't that the truth!
coming tomorrow
cause I'm a bitchface
I tried that, but is the type that kills the messenger.
Congratulations winner of Innovation Award for Marketing & Comms
u should enter the ellen degeneres dance contest!
Thank you for following us!!!!
thanks. Have an awesome weekend.
Omg i miss that dude !
What happened to Raven Symone?
that's scary
Someone should send me all the trending topics right now. Please.
WOW! It's really THAT crazy?
Good Saturday morning...I don't think I slept last night....but let me get up and go to work
thank you so much for following!
Had a headache was sittin next to a #76ers/#Phillies fan had to go shopping for a fan at #Meijer and feelin the lack of sleep from last nite
Thank you for playing baseball.
I thank GOD for waking me up another day!!!!!
Soon enough...there is nothing like those late nights!
Oops, I meant underlying not underlining. Need more coffee. RT - The underlining bill erases all the gains we've made from
"Two are better than one. . . . If one falls down, his friend can help him up." -Ecclesiastes 4:9,10
RT : Marketplaces should be ultimately relevant to users. Eco-systems, and platforms with great ux win the day.
My brother is a year and 2 months old and he weighs 32 lbs.
Entrance is on north side of Kinley just west of 1st!
I want the cheesy dates at the movies, the stupid walks on the beach.
Apparently, I have the same last name as :D
while watching CSI..."How far do you want the target...25feet?"... Baz: "25 feet? I could pee further than that!" ~ CSI
alright sounds good to me noob. PS my house is boring.
First day of Spring. Let's see what this season brings.
oh goodness i love awkward phone calls
SB268 advisory committee on early education passes 7-3!
Kids should have a sense of standards but also be made to feel good enough, in process
First day I'm back home and what do I have to do? Mow the grass!
Wow! A game of inches!
Hey TJ!! Congrats on your new job!!!
Toll lanes on I-15 -- A great way to save time for everyone? Or just 'Lexus Lanes' for the rich? Contact Chris
It wouldn't be very "LightCaster-esque) of me to drop-kick a rowdy teenager in a library would it? I could always help him up afterward :)
coaching friend said LSU = Pastner? If so, a big east MSU = Orlando? Friend (early) had Trent to another alphabet school.
God I hate Stephen Ross, what a horrible owner. You fire Sparano but keep Ireland? Are you kidding me?
lol i forgot about that
heath shuler is out
Unlv product flo-rida....wish I just made cheese music, too
"We always have time enough, if we will use it alright." -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Hi guys i know your music very well ~ cheers on the follow I'll touch base with you sometime this week ..
let me guess 3 parents and kids running around
channel... As in youtube? Uh oh
Thank the good Lord above i dont have parents that are Nazis!!!!!!!!!!!
Please give Chuck and Blair the happy ending they deserve.
i follow you in u twitter Now please you followback me in my twitter Please. Love
ahh no worries.. there's always next time! it's the thought that counts ;)
April 14th ACT test takers, try my new ACT/SAT Mixtape Study guide! You can review for your big test while you ride, or in your headphones!
excellent inspiration!
wow beautiful :)
Spread the word on honcho brothers. And all of our honchoisims.
If FTP comes back with different owner, Stars loses business to an actual competitor. Right now there is no real competition.
announces renewal funding for homeless services. 2012 will be a busy year!
congrats on video of the year loves
I like your assignment. I'm doing it myself. It's admittedly tough, but mentally/emotionally cleansing.
God has brought me growth as a person. My patience has expanded way past where I was even a year ago.
Cold and a little snow on the ground in Lexington KY. What's the weather like where you are?
what movie?
Programme Finance Lead - Harvey Nash HNIT Job Search Details ...
Wow, that was sweet of my boss. I accidentally loaded an unedited file of e-book records & she said "Aw, it's just spring fever."
downloaded bro it's awesome man
+ are on tour right now. Please go check out their twitter/facebook & look at the dates!
I think I've been hit by a solar flare.
Only compliment bigger than a newbie revistin same day is a skeptic orderin 1 & b4 they get to their car ..they raise their hand 4 more..
I have a Dick, u sounded like u needed sum, I was only offering, u dont want it, kool #ontothenext (and u mad cuz?) U corny lol
You're welcome!
gimme your email address ! lol
thanks for stopping by the #AxeCombineHouse tonight!
Thanks! I'm hoping for good things - them interacting more with the video than a lecture - pausing, rewinding, etc
congratulations on 21 years guys!!!
I had an amazing evening !!! Kevin & his team have such an amazing philosophy & approach to literacy in Chicago....
"Life is PERFECT :)" fixed! ;)
I'm giving in. Does anyone have a invite?
Thursday Dodge Ball leagues are now forming @ Ultimate Sports Center, Columbus Ohio. Please visit us @ www.CapitalCitySports.com 4 details!
This other kid starts singing "I want Ms. Chatman to READD the book."
Goonies never say die.
if someone starts playing Rhinestone Cowboy I am going to be pissed & probably have to finish the 2nd bottle of
www.tweetiator.com alerts you in real time when people share links to your content on Twitter and lets you follow and message them!
You can't be that girl I adore you don't know what your heart if for!!!!!RT if u know what 1D song this is!!!!
How about RT 4 alternative British cricket commentary Americans might dig? Follow & learn abt best sport ever!
again. But I don't know if my mom will let me cause I need to pay someone back for the One Direction tickets next year :o
&#39;American Splendor&#39;: Your 2 p.m. Buckeye Bits A&E trivia
TWITTERPLAY Lights up. Man on Toilet. Loud pooping sound. Man grimaces painfully. From toilet bowl- "Revenge!" Lights.
Loves Jesus!
ha ha I'll share a bed ! Wouldn't be the first time :)
Okay this sleep texting thing has GOT to stop. I've been texting so many people my dreams lately..last night it was my 8th grade teacher wtf
I have heard him note that it's the digital humanists whose work tends to get promoted in university news releases ...
GET IT!!! So happy for you.
between these and FB, I barely have time to work....kidding kindof
I wonder
To lose one pound of
"who's my home girl on the end" Oh the things said at band
his most just died :(
Absolutely! However, there is definitely some emotion to it too.
Clown waiting at the bus stop, texting up a storm and waving to kids leaving the Twins game.
RT CoCreatorRadio Believe in the power of you!
It's 11:11 close your eyes and make a wish:*
Might be a weird question, but what does "MAILERDAEMON" mean? The thing that sends back bad emails. #questions (cc )
a boat filled with sashimi and sushi and a mammoth lobster
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms in Twitterville!
too many campaigns dominate the names of YT channels, Twitter handles & Facebook page names for our taste.
At this hour, I fuckin love twitter
Looking forward to 's sermon at John Street Church, and a sunny stroll to opening day with my siblings.
Did you know staying physically active not only helps your heart but boosts your libido as well? Get your body moving & blood flowing!
Ears still ringing from epic #Shellac show last night.
I never feel so dehydrated as when I wake up listening to rain.
ya sure. But dont forget! (:
hey how many for dinner - just u n me or others?
I'll bbl then Its goodbye till June (:
Here are my faults & blunders,here my delusion,my bad taste,my confusion,my tears,my vanity,my owlish seclusion,my contradictions Nietzsche
Dear "American Pie," I'm full.
R.I.P Vidal Sassoon
Im so sad u loved him RT : R.I.P. Junior Seau
RT : Never abandon yourself to please another...
I Have Three Big Ass Pimples On My Face . #ThatShitAintCute -.-
Wow, is it just me or does Paul's Twitter avatar look really skinny?
I am attempting to build more support for Milwaukee Soccer. Even at the Amateur level.
Too Funny..being retired..now have same confusion:-)>
Heading to Las Vegas today for the #ASA2011 meeting! Hope to see you all there, and don't forget to visit at Booth #306 for 20% off!
Good morning :) looking at my schedule. The weekend of February 4 looks good to me!!!
Did Pierre LeBoner get called for high sticking on a regular basis?
Do you ever wonder if falling out of bed in your sleep is caused by the most lame poltergeist ever?
I dunked in high school, it's been awhile though
that look so much fun wait until i become an actress we r gonna hangout eeppp! cant wait that is my dream to be an actress like u
Shout at the devil kiddos.
Words of advice from The Secret Life of the American Teenager: "Teenage pregnancy in 100 percent preventable. Start talking."
#WorstTimesToGetABoner waiting in line for communion
thanks man! Big game
follow now. 10
i wanna meet cody :( Hook me up sonic? :(
Thanks very much for retweeting me...got 10 more on this one :)
#SUPPORT song (Find my way)! t.co/lH4TZHe , (RT) if you like THx! :D Verified
Hope u dig he tunes and the video. Please help us spread the word. We gotta find these guys. Best & success.
MT : Rick Perry's ad has 376 likes on YouTube. It also has 12,253 dislikes. What to measure, what to meausure?
They overshot the runway
Also, give a call to pledge if you dig Andy Turner's show. Awesome every single week! 414.799.1917!
damn I hope I find it fairly fast ... Are they big rooms?
I THINK YOU MAY NEED TO GO AND REMOVE MY COMMENTS...I WAS A BIT TOO SILLY...WHOOPS...F/S...
I believe the discussion begins at the community level. I'm all for honest and mature.
never mind it was an error on my end
I'm giving my first official plug to an economically efficient way to find out where to get your drink on.
DUDE I would totally go to that!
how many live fts can you make? sweet score kudos bro, i'm definitely feeling a bracelet this summer
3.125% AND I was able to covert to a 15 year and only increase my monthly by $300. Score!
You WILL follow on Twitter whether you like it or not!
So do ours!
I lived without you all my life and now I can't picture what tomorrow would be like if you weren't there with me. </3 :(
66 days until MLB spring training begins. Thank god.
S/o to the beautiful happy birthday !! <3 I adore you :*
Are you spreading Love, Today?
Ask Louis (; ": I wonder how it feels to sleep Naked"
that's a problem with apple... making phones that are incompatible with other phones
: well let's get you out to Cali for a shoot!
nice! Are you flying out today?
Yay! I'm sure they loved having you :)
1 week and you'll have one! :)
Hahahahahaha Josh Smith, so appropriate
RT : RT: We're looking to add a personality to our radio show. Know someone?
Tom Brady: 3 Super Bowl wins pre-Gisele. 0 Super Bowl wins with Gisele. Maybe having a supermodel wife is all the winning allowed in life.
that happened to me this morning :(
i need someone i can put the weight on.
Ok so haven't been on here in like 4 ever. Moved into our own place & am so excited this wednesday, I'm gonna find out what I'm having :-)
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.~ Bill Watterson
yup im here..go west
It's been reported Jessica Simpson has done a $4million deal with Weightwatchers to lose the post-pregnancy weight.
Intense game, but we won
RT Also upset Newsweek didn't consider whether Obama might also be the first Sith, Hobbit or Kryptonian president
Go 'head... Run your mouth... Fake ass people, I'm on to you.
that AzMarie woman looks creepy and LOL at them. "Shacked up" lmao.
That random moment when you walk ina bathroom an some one is knocking the boots in there
My office is fancy. OH: "Hey, what do you mean by 'clear your cache?' (pronounced "ca-shay")"
would be glad to look guide. Would need more info to answer 'linked' question. Perhaps can you send me an email?
I don't even think I loved him like I thought I did.
yes! here's hoping :)
Wow, lots of anger at RI for not sending out tax forms. I've heard several anti-government diatribes today & I'm only halfway into my shift.
Hey Drones: Sorry about all that spam if you got any from us, I hate that shit - Anyway password changed again and ready to rock AGAIN!
Everyone have a wonderful Labor Day weekend!
why is a complete viewing required to report a watch instant problem? seems this deters people from reporting problems.
I don't really have many of those. I usually start over each year :l hah. Oh well
Oh let's see what fireworks go off tonight
Week 4 in the studio and we couldn't be more pleased with the album progress. It's close now...
#TwSIG Twitter is about saying something often. Pervasive, portable and viral. Share this! We're at the Twitter SIG
Facelift Patrick Swayze is creepy.
I have ribbons. Over at Palmer for 10:30 REGP
What's going on at #church in #SanDiego this Sunday for #Easter? Where is the place to be & why?
Hell yea..so just wear lacoste & you should be good.
Watching adam sandler christmas
Hello all #cherryblossom folks visiting thanks for coming by to brunch all 200 of you!Now who's up for steak&delirium tremmons on the patio?
yes I agree!
That's fantastic! Thanks for sending it along, and have a wonderful holiday weekend! Miss you!
Have you tried changing the locks? RT : I would do anything to be alone in my house for 24 hours.
yeah we had a BBQ for her and got her some perfume :)
I think I wanna take a nap hm
wait til u get these cavs and get a whiff of em
I know! Seans picking me up from the airport and back to our old house to get my stuff n have some tea and then onto a new start!
Fakeness just doesn't sit right with me .
& as long as comm initiatives (in program areas OR comm dept) arent explicitly funded, they risk getting sidelined.
Today is stupid.
I imagine you saying that like the animated Guinness pitchmen of yore.
crunch gym in Chevy chase it's a lot of fun
This is an emotional generation
RT : I think it can attract people who are more interested in being part of a "happening" than simply being audience.
I agree...I'll go for meals, but only if I have to. It's an over glorified diner. And, I've had better meals at diners.
nope sorry :( what is it?
Some guy just honked at a cripple guy crossing the street and looked to me for approval.
Need more followers
The Indians went 41 years w/o a playoff appearance from 1954-95. We R a passionate fanbase, didn't give up then & won't now
Good morning everyone!!(:(: hope you all have a great day!! <3 you all!!
I have no electricity.
Some of the things people tweet on twitter.. You really don't care what you tweet
I could not have said it better.
About to lay in bed with trevy, love cuddling up to muscles ;)
I wish a nigga stop wearin polo drawers wit a pair of WRANGLERS,#noswag#
I was on my bike all the way to work today....in the bed of a pickup.
seriously bro, THEY'RE FUCKIN HORRIBLE
Black sets a neutral and basic tone.
I love you
I want the Guitar Pick Necklace and Those Bracelets & Wristbands so Badly! :( But I don't have money. :(
Good morning, Rochester! 75 and sunny - perfect day for a boat ride in Pittsford.
See you at Stanford!
is hot
One thing that will never change: the love for my family.
Our Re:tail Thrift & Consignment Shop has moved! Please join us at 4646 Menaul Blvd today for our Grand Re-Opening.
Gentleman, there is only one thing a man can do in a time like this, go buy new suits!
Get #314!!!FIRST LADY OF FEAR on the cover!!! Great articles inside!!! :)
Robert Griffin prepared for the draft ... and beyond
you are so welcome!
were u at tucker last yr?
hahaha fear that beard!
Haven't been on here in a while.
Very cool! I have Kevin Fowler following me! Don't recognize the name? Check out his music,VERY cool! He needs to come to the West Coast!
Yeah it's gonna be a good summer
fun in the sun!
Mom randomness "I'm so glad I'm not throwing up" Um yeah!
fuck everything, and everyone. seriously.
Twitter in the classroom
Still sick today, need decongestants now. But maybe if I get lucky I share this with co-workers.
Though all my music has a 'Live concert ' sound,,, without fan responce,,,I am now looking for studio help to creat a , ''Hight Quality...
Currently thinking outside of the bun, Abby and I. I and Abby. TACO BELL.
Awe,how cute. I love you dough!<3
Happy valentines day to EVERY female that sees this. You're all beautiful and should know you're special in your own ways. Single or not!
Busy day with student media projects in Horticulture and Family Social Sciences..looking forward to it!
QUOTE - "Confidence is what you have before you really understand the problem." Woody Allen.
I really hate when people ask when I'm going to get engaged. Like I'm going to know before? Or like I get to decide? Ugh.
Happy 10th anniversary to the Allen Iverson "practice" rant. Not a game, not a game, we talkin' bout practice! I miss AI
Cool! I'll work on it. THATCamp should be everywhere!
put on a great performance today!! They never cease to amaze us!!! <3
Employees deserve to have a safe workplace and fair wages and benefits.
With apologies to the Del Mar Racetrack, U-T San Diego: Where the old media meets the new.
I want to go! #MATAFestival - Apr 17-20 includes performances by QNG - Quartet New Generation, , ,
John Hayek: it's about building an investment tool for a strong middle class, it's not just about state financial aid
Nice! We're actually available in and around Philly. We'd love to see TGB at Dover!
Ready for these 4 weeks to be over so I can sleep in my bed!! But it is great to get back to things!
Time To Get Up ; no.
. so interesting to hear you this morning - Missed my train because was listening to you!
USA Today: highway deaths down thanks to fuel poverty! Of course those deaths, x2, will shift to lack of timely health care. ,)
yeah, you coming down?
I forgot to put detergeant in the washer when i did my laundry #gradbashaftermath :s
You are very welcome!! You have some great concerts this season!
andy owes that net cord a drink. just sayin'.
I think I have loss of brain from getting hit today.
Dried fruit, oops I mean, "as sexual lubricant." RT : How does one make oatmeal fun?!
four days later and you're still our favorite ;-)
true so true!
Dan of the Pension Fund: Can't invest your way out of it, of that I'm certain. What we have is a funding problem.
All i ever wanted was a bitch i could relate with and make money with
needs to be next on your #bucketlist. NYC is one of the most amazing cities in the world!
I dont think any of my followers knows italian or french :/
I love that u love food..as if I needed more reasons to adore u!!
Won 3rd place Critics Choice at Souper Bowl today. Sorry about the earlier tweet saying it was tomorrow. SoMe scheduling snafu!
r the Aka's interested in hosting ladies night this year? Same thing as last year. On fri April 13th let me know soon. Thx
Thank you for listing us!
Think this guy has played w/Brian Lynch
In my city, community centers and some gyms do. Taichi beginners good, too. Even ag extension offers beginners.
Good. A smooth 45mins - 1hr is perfect... And did you just try to slide me tho ??
2d. You don't have to wear dumb glasses
On a Tuesday. Really?
Extreme Cheapskates on TLC, can't help but think of
hey tony it is open for Dallas now!
WMC-Miami-right now-Club Shelter, NYC meets Club Djoon, Paris. Collins Ave. We already dancing! Let's go!!
Dang got me thinking now
Up early following latest details on #turnpike shooting
Once u step on my toes u cnt say sorry nicca
People are going to be over... I don't like them
So cute!! I designed the ladybug Tutu Hairbow holder for your daughters room for her birthday, hope you liked it:)
I'm at this store on the parkway. But I need another job. I can't get one though until after vacation.
and i just got done with thermo middie #bars?
I love working out.
Im the first
So car shopping is very stressful and disappointing there are really no good deals and everyone wants you to pay sticker...no thanks
Wowzies!..Electronic music is truly mainstream with
np, love the sound of your band, reminds me a bit of Oasis and Stereophonics. Best of luck. Most def, tons of venues in SF/LA.
The Saturday of Memorial Day weekend! Eek.
My Allergies started today, probably got them from you. Thanks a lot!
Making fudge with a favorite old recipe. Chocolate is my favorite food group.
Practicing my business presentation for tomorrow morning. I love talking about money with people.
It was excellent to meet up and hear about your adventure filled summer!! Thanks so much for the inspiration--see you in Sept!
": I love the way you lie...LOL JK, if you lie to me again i will throw a brick at your face." Damn that sounds like a good idea
At South Street diner with and 9 yo Trey. Trey orders steak & eggs and the servers says, "Who you a Rockefeller?" Haha.
Arian Foster owners can't be too happy right now
There's no reason for teachers to give students projects that are due a month away. We're going to procrastinate til the very end.
thanks that's very sweet and i'm sorry i don't know that show
I don't trust no females except for the same ones I see frequently
Hanging with folk
Hell chea RT : Roll up and get paid....
can I get a <3 please? <3333
yes we do!
Between, thee cheeeeeaattsss, owww ohh. My husband is the finest most handsomest lover and still makes this housewife blush
i enjoy learning new things, but I do wish this web design thing would go a little faster so I could spend more time on other artsy stuff
that sounds good!
I stay on my zodiac tweets
Why is a lime drop so much better than a lemon drop?
congrats! That's awesome. PS- are you going to the meeting on thursday?
what a game so hype and proud of the !!! suck on the nuts two times heat fans. were winning these next two games at home!
bring me uh blacc..;)
That's crazy
Wats good world
I should have waited until today to get my gumbys fix
M we have Yuzu Shu in now. Beautiful Japanese citron liquor, great for an after dinner spirit
Is it just me, or are Fox News and CNN.com home pages starting to look the same? (this is a design ob, not a political comment, ppl!)
Hosted 3 days of Thanksgiving parties, and now just chillin watching some Palladia w Springsteen, Bono, and many other greats!!
maybe they should stop drinking beer...then they wont have to worry about it
found a private love letter inside a book in goodwill. apparently roger wrote a letter but never expressed his love to ditta. poor guy.
mike please follow me please
Very welcome. =) I'm trying to have a good day. Husband left for the military 2 days ago so it's been a little rough.
shes a britney griner I'm sure. dude playin women's sports
Woo I'm getting selector back ! It's like radio Christmas.
even if that were true.....um, what?
You're welcome. Good luck with the book!
With bells on! RT : Shameless season finale TONIGHT! be there or be square. Showtime. 9pm CST.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. -Thomas Jefferson
That time when you're checking TripIt from a cab stuck in traffic hoping your flight is delayed in your favor for once.
Altima went through the car wash and there is still yellow paint all over it!
tomorrow but it's a long story. :( yes he gave me my shirt. Thanks.
That play by Gamel
gosh if i weren't in germany i would
and you whipped that ass too!!!
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON
i'm the same way as long as its a good movie
Alabama uses form router for online intake, PDF forms
I like that part. It's everyone else string commission checks around me that sucks.
I love but the fact that someone started makes me laugh outloud...
Tired of skool
Saw that Big Business with Lily Tomlin and Bette Middler is on bluray now. What psycho decided, "Yeah, people need to see that in 1080p."
I think you've got someone else. Been years since I've been there, but #sandiego is great right now.
my infamous 7 layer banana pudding straight out of the fridge.
Now following you should too! Check it out. Cc
What's up tho where you been at???
#wcphilly #day2 : Contribute by evangelizing WP to others, and by testing with Trunk or the WP Beta Tester's Plugin.
Listen all day to win THE VEGAS ACM EXPERIENCE! Win $1000 COUNTRY CASH & be QUALIFIED TO WIN the ACM VEGAS trip April 1st
Caffeine is the world's most popular drug, with millions of people consuming it every day.
I woke up at 5:30am! (...having gone to bed at 1am) I am yawning quite a bit, though. :) You should come next time.
and Guru are getting me through my Monday.
Your 13. You smoke, your not a virgin and you wear more makeup than you do clothes. Your mom must be so proud!
. Not where I was seated. And the upper reaches were certainly greater than 50% Bulls fans.
Happy Monday! How was your weekend? Did you spend it doing something fun?
manny is really puzzled by the portable dishwasher.
Her gender, race ad class were her true crimes.
yo phone on?
it's perfect for that!!
Are you challenging yourself & producing all you need to do to get where you want to be? Do you have a mission and stay on target each day?
just pre-ordered our spring orla kiely 2011 bags and it's not even cold yet...can't wait!
Thanks, David!
I can't believe I only just now woke up! Terrified of the storm last night, took two benadryl to get to sleep
RT : Why be around someone who doesn't inspire you to be great?
Givers not takers aka the Good Guys (&gals)
Show tonight!
USA life RT High horny and about too at drunk lmao Amsterdam life
#Str8LykeDes.. Gone live life....
"I have to tinkle"
#youaintmyvalentinebecause You have a scorpio tattoo next to your thug life tattoo, thats next to your face, which is next to terrible.
i miss you dogg...
A sound with which I am very familiar . . .
SHIT. Did not know we had an exam today
i miss you, when r u coming back to the Nap
Take a Chicago food tour to get to know your new city more - check out and
My motto: When in doubt, write it out.
S/O TO ALABAMA THE LOVE FOR NO4 IS TRUE."TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX & DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.VIDEOS ON YOUTUBE
Except when the same thing makes you sad, angry or joyful for the 70th time...Then promise, reply and decide!
so tired of fighting
Who couldn't organize a party in a brewery? That's correct ~ it's
I thought so too! Cena got DEMOLISHED!
Why did my ass just drink coffee? O_o
great round by Phido..I'm pretty sure 2 of the 3 old timers could have outwit, outlast, and outplayed him today.
Are you wondering where the place to be is tonight, where all the action is, and best drink specials are? @ Cream Stereo Lounge Scottsdale.
Lol! That's more like hell on earth! I'd hate to be there. Just the thought gives me anxiety!
I really thought you were better than that.
RT : "What the iPod did to music Americans Elect plans to do to the two-party duopoly that has dominated American political life"
well yeah that too!
Excited to listen to what Nathan Hand has to say about #socialmedia &
poor u. Hope things change n u get that needed rest
Today reminded me of why certain things are worth "it". Carve it up& it all fits.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. -Martin Luther King Jr.
We're happy you like it! Thank you for supporting organ, eye and tissue donation.
Anyone got Tauschers' cell number?
Yall going live ?
not important. rugrats were.
Dipped out of school with Couldn't take it anymore.
With Marshon Brooks' minutes limit/achilles issue, should I start Vince Carter or Bayless over him this week? Appreciate the help
Listened to XMPR segment on vuvuzelas, the noise makers at #worldcup soccer matches in South Africa, while driving to the PIT airport.
Happy Mom's Day!
Prelims on , yeah
Apple store is currently down. The Lion is being unleashed!
Will do homie !
Wow - excited to be included in this incredible group. Cheers to C-Bus!
decided on the Firefly shirt
I didn't even realize hoe much home work I have!
ANY ACTIVITES THAT DONT MENTION MUSIC AND MONEY IS BULLSHIT.
he's always dressed that way..........
My neighbors love my music so much when I blast it, that they invited the police to listen.
will face on Sat., at 5:30 p.m. MT in the first round of the NCAA Tournament.
FOLLOW RIGHT NW LETZ GET TO 700 FOLLOWERZ SO YOU CAN HEAR OUR NEW SINGLE
not my favorite place, but for the UFC I'm in
And Hopefully The Rain Stops Soon
NOW I SEE WHY WE GO CHURCH ON A SUNDAY, CAUSE NOTHING GOOD ON TV TO WATCH {'',}
Whatever else happens in my life, I'd one day would like to deal with a man who consistently answers the phone when I call.
is elles papa morgan still living?
Gonna miss as a #blazer!
yeah I found that fairly alarming. sigh.
Everyone follow
Whose house? MT : To whom this may concern: I'm your momma's favorite rapper
I grabbed that exact model! For myself... as my wife scoffed and questioned their effectiveness... so similar stories!
Chicago, Union Reach Agreement on Streets and Sanitation Pay
Jacky's gonna eat you
#skins really enjoy going after ex-raven linemen and overpaying, Grubbs is solid but could cost way more than his worth.
Thanks for the RT! So important to spread awareness.
shrimp,home made cocktail sauce,truffle salt seasoned filets,garlic/Parmesan infused mash potatoes,asparagus spears & pancetta
This is my 1,400 tweet!
Getting 12 Mbps up and down on my 4g iPad is pretty nice, makes my phone feel way too slow
#EarthFair going Strong
thank you!
I have cream cheese. You bring the bagels and I'll make them in my clean(er) house
Dear Parks and Recreation: Thank you
Loving this South Padre sunshine
Watching Tosh.0 with Viggle Tue | 21 | Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I wanted to find someone who would be willing to help me create a website in Anchorage.
Presentation starting, and take the stage at #health2con. Health 2.0 has been all over the world
tomorrow is my last lab for the year, and more importantly i will not have to wake up for an 8 AM for class until next spring semester
huh! Oh t-mobile canceling me May 30th. Ain't that some BS!
I'm sitting by the fireplace with a glass of red wine and good music on the stereo. It is damn excellent being a grown-up.
I was working . . . as to the Yanagawa River that is another story.
thanks - i'll be sure to ask you about it
It occurs to me that might have been the first time 'evangelical' has been uttered on that show. Thanks again Phil!
Ha! Sounds fun RT : When I get married it's going to be an Enchantment Under the Sea theme. Band, punch, the works.
don't do that.!
how do you justify driving an escalade?
Aye where tf been at?
#youknowwhatIhatethemost a phat chick w/ a mouf full of baby teeth.....(bitch how old is u "dis-a-many?")
#Rubbernecking, if anything, so worth it.
planning a hunt for jan 21st overnight by silverstar mtn any tips?
Love the new pic! Sorry if i was harsh the other day.
Keep your ears open for the new mixed CD from Xtamina Energy Drink any new hot joints you got keep me posted or send them to me...
have a good week ladies!
Hahahaha nick cannon twerkin on americas got talent
omg hi guys!!! :D I haven't been on in FOREVER! -Rachel
I feel like I'm just wasting my time on you....
5 miles on the Trinity
Great show & ! Missed the show? Tune in this Sunday at 9AM CST on
A nigga call you wife and I can't get mad but when someone blow me a kiss, you wanna get pissed. I'm pissed.
BOUT TO HEAD OUT TO COCO LOUNGE!!!!
We reached the 5,000 gift mark! San Diegans know how to #giveBIG!
hey man, what hood are you thinking?
I'm starting a petition to change America's national pastime from baseball to coloring.
Is that the Dune that David Lynch directed but washed his hands of? (This isn't talking this is )
Now following:) FB!!??!
I find Ars Technica to have really good coverage. They can be a bit all over at times but the in depth stories are great.
yoga with and in the park was wonderful, as always!
Is the work week dragging? Coworkers won't shut up? Boss is a butthole? Have no fear, console combat monthly is this Sunday!
Time to hit the ground running. With this weather, how can you not?
hey you won't believe it but my work tweet account is followed by Adama himself Edwards J Olmos :)
Thanks for the follow. BTW, if you get a second, check out my blog. Thanks, and RT!
I need help!! Lol Should I plan my FRIEND<3 a bday party or a nice small dinner? btw, either way im probly staying the night.
One of the reasons I moved to Mpls: I saw a MayDay. Follow em. MT : Goal: 2 get 2 1k followers by end of
I do not want to clean up our hotel room this morning :-0
Theres nothing on tv
Eighteen days until I have to leave Paris.
I wont :) RT : made prom court :-) Don't let it get to ur head princess ;-) - A LOL
lol how are you....
amazing night!!!
congrats, lady! Well done :) And Go Preds!
Sorry about the godfather spam in dm's. I cancelled the account so it shouldn't happen anymore.
We would like to personally Thank all of you for your help in promoting our business!
Have you performed at all since leaving the Monte Carlo, if so where.
New episode of Jersey Shore bitch!
you have 0 of the 2
Im currently obsessed with (;
Join in for the Day of A Thousand Cranes event this Sat July 30 1-6pm in Tompkins Square Park for face painting, live performances & more!
okay i'm sleeping because nyquil is awesome bye
Already on it! I start PT tomorrow ;)
wow, i think i've gone on for a couple hours. it's been a while though. that was like when it first came out.
Running late to pick up 8yo at school, 3yo watching Dora Me:where's my bra Him: I swiped it! Me:where 3yo: follow the map-arms crossed mom
Is there a delay to the Ustream?
Hey thanks again for following, let me know if there is anything I can do for you. Visit kewlaire.com
RT : Wow. So this is news. Makes buying an Epic Pass for the season all that more attractive, especially for families.......
Just embarrassed you ovie
Sadly, MTPO is still temporarily UCB-only following recent DDOS attack. We'll tweet news as soon as we have any.
don't start with this april fools shit -_-
Moon pie ice cream. I love the South.
Hey can you guys add the Alternate kit in an update?
ahahahaha although I live in the US I voted for london(: lol
thanks for the shout out!
No kidding! Rest my #@&! I have to go to work on Mondays to recover from Sunday!
well lookin at yo skin color yo eyes and low and ya hair from da stor i cant deal i need 100percent korean asian
that literally just came up again. it happened at least twice a month which means there's nothing else for them to talk about.
One time we DON'T want to be first. MT Washington Post is NOT reporting that Santorum is dropping out, despite tweets otherwise
I know! In the Canadian study only 6% picked internet over sex. Canadians are FREAKS.
Congrats for you're Pop Culture award at the #tvlandawards!! Thanks for making me laugh uncontrollably as a youngster !!
Classes of my sophomore year finished!
Brian "HEAD" Welch announced to be with Thousand Foot Krutch in Washington D.C. Spring Jam Fest. www.facebook.com/springjamfest!!! May 14th.
LOL. Well, there's my favorite bad boy.. :)
Want to annoy folks? Speak all of your sentences in the haiku form.
The Capers connection could be key (assuming Im right that he coached him at HOU) RT : That name is getting more and more play.
that will be very nice Kat, no worries for you!
I feel like I need to talk to someone about what's going on but idk what to say.
ugh, my ears... it was loud, okay!? haha
Arcade Bowling requires zen concentration and a sensual relationship with your iphone.
listen I have good eyes...now don't let me catch u up here unless u coming to see me
That 7 year old on the drapes was the best so far
Yes, Caro's massive LBJ bio could have been shorter by a third. But then it would have been written by another author.
happy b!!!
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on a rope.
More reason to love ! :) RT The Gauchos, The Poets, & The Little Giants...just some of the strangest college mascots!
Watching a bunch of people I know tweet from MLA when I'm at work is a bit of a bummer...
Yall just dont know!! The unspeakable sinful shit Id do 2 him! & he has full authority to get raw on me
is this Jesse or Travis? So unoriginal!
always great beating that town
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Tomatoes = Awesome, if you have no issues with nightshades. In fact, liver sauteed with tomato sauce is great, IMHO. :D
Do you read books? Can you opine articulately? We're looking for book reviewers. Email us at
Fuck a gym membership, play "Michael Jackson Experience" on the Wii
Parking pass obtained. Worth an extra $20 dollars a month to avoid light rail creepers and get an hour and half of my day back? I think so.
ubaldo is eating up LA tonight! 3 hitter and dominating thru 8.
Cleaning up with "love songs" pandora station playing. Super caked up mood today. <3
Hi Danielle, I'll be sending you an email with the info I need for your profile - thanks Mike for the DM
can I get a retweet from the BEST announcer in all sports?
absolutely man. Hope to see you out there in the trenches!
FINALLY GOT POGH AS MY RINGTONE...
ME & FADED WE OUT BROWSE N WHAT'S UP...
RT : These poetry-packed tweets always make my day! 5 Poems by Kids about Finding a Peaceful Place...
Skim scam flam at the gas pumps--see the report tomorrow (tues) on the #CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley.
#qotd: You have been very well trained to downplay any physical discomfort...be good to yourself.
bought 12 foot-long sandwiches, 11 cookies, and 13 yogurts from mondos
customer service supervisor told us today it's not their fault we went paperless just to save a couple of trees!
how come orton gets a whole season to screw up and tebow gets 1 game?
hahahah its so sad cause its true. I'm sorry.
hey - how are you liking my #Boston now ;)
Thanks! :) TeresaY Have a lovely evening.
RT just got our copy of a fun new guide to chicago dining by jennifer olvera. yfrog.com/kfacfhp
today i had a #tape fight , a #water fight , AND!!! a #MUD fight ! so fun who doesn't luv little siblings ?
My #Graduation is in 11 days! Staying with in the summer and then in September! :oD
chillin man,puttin some work together
I love how whenever I get on Twitter, there's always the Perfect quote flying by in my Twitter stream....
:)! You do the same! : Thank you so much! Right back at you! Have a beautiful weekend!
maybe its his ghost trying to talk to you
. Picture books: Zen Shorts. Down by the Station (Hillenbrand). Where the Wild Things Are. Dozens more we read a million times.
Thanks so much for the RT, Jon!
love sips<3
can't DM you unless you are following me. My email is . Love to answer any questions you may have.
Hanging out with at the author table. He's a popular man.
Wow! Hahah Then sign me up....lol
thanks for coming in - 1/2 price burger night rocks!! Worth the walk, right??
Am I about to deliver my last #libraryschool presentation for all time? Yes, yes I am.
is adorable(:
Relish today. Catchup tomorrow.
| You should contact to highlight your use of externs from Harrison College!
i just saw the Call me Maybe video with you and the boys :) nice dance moves ;) #followme?
don't hate boo lol
on the side of ur bed
This dude so sugary
That #lt was suppose to say hard*
i cantbelieve i thought prince william was an actor andhis first name was prince...last name william hahahaha...
LIK WOOW JUST FIGURED U gota hole in ya mouth
and the ice cream cake is gone. Lunch is officially over. thank you and goodnight.
Day two of happy morning tv! Storage Wars on ! Yup, I need a life ;)
A1: Think about why you drink Coke or Pepsi, taste is part of it, but why do some of you ONLY drink or the other, brand purest
Thanks for the ideas! You guys ROCK!
you have an amazing blog!
Heard while boarding my flight to Lafayette: "I done had myself a day."
Just got slowrolled by this Mongolian fish, 33 on a T43, I lead $20 he raises $400 I call. 4. Ck he shoves $500 I call, river 5.
Most nights I lay awake thinking of you. Other nights I think of life, beards, and giraffes because I'm pretty sure I have insomnia.
: Thanks for sharing the contest!
Are you going to the #rockies game tonight? You may need to pick up one of our Rockies jackets first! Rain is in the forecast
Strong to Arkansas rumors starting yet?
haha YES! Definitively made my morning. Gonna try to find a 1 of those bumblebee headband things. Ill wear it for fun, at parties.
History Professor
thanks! It's my next session--it was my fave session from last year
Well when you put it that way..... lol! :) <3
I love St.Josephs day.The marching parades&the Mardi Gras Indians.One of my favorite celebrations here.
Love this idea, when you start looking at nonprofits, is a great one, but I am slightly biased ;)
DO U KNOW ANY 1 DOING DJ HOST ON MIXTAPES IM TRYING TO GET A HOST ON MY TAPE
I have a coupon for Nutella and I'm not afraid to use it.
I saw Lauren her lil bro Darrin yesterday. made me happy
much the whole day. I remember how exciting it was to figure out Nick's code in his thank you's, to read all of their thank
Spell the names of the principals properly
Cmon Penguins get yourself together.
Prices are very competitive and delivery is timely. They offer PowerPoint templates for various sizes. A sure fit!
I find it so entertaining when I walk around my floor and hear Call Me Maybe being blasted from the bro rooms
How to get two little boys who don't know each other to immediately know each other: So, guys, what video games do you like?
Youve got that right. lol Every country, every issue, every solution. Almost "every", I should say.
Life advice from : "We should all give up." This is why I love this woman.
Early going Friday I have plays posted from 92 cappers with 4 college consensus so far and off a 2-2 day with consensus plays..Back later
Thanks for the suggestion! We're always looking for inspiration!
so, how many reproductive cells does it kill? lol
Nice meeting you this afternoon! Maybe we'll run into each other again and chat more about branded entertainment.
Well, that's a nice start to the morning.
Such a great race, I almost didn't realize the Empire swept the podium.
Are you getting an error? Can we help with anything?
ABC news needs to do a story on the habits of Afro Americans being pushed out of middle income housing in Harlem, by whites
Writers block = Ice cream break.
Hello Des Moines, IA! Tonight The Melismatics play The Vaudeville Mews.
Whoops! Sorry about all the blog tweets! Tweet Old Posts has a mind of its own sometimes.
I wanna be in porto right now, so bad
Real estate photography could have been good a few years back... Some photogs are doing virtual tours now though, which is cool.
You mean wife?
So my life. RT : Watching tv with my cat while eating Toy Story fruit snacks. So basically I'm 80 and 5 at the same time.
Yeah, don't let spin you about his spin. That's exactly what he does.
Seeing small good changes within myself & it makes me feel better about myself... i actually have my summer planned out
I can tell today is Friday the 13th, today just freaking sucks )': whatever the whole weekend will fml I just want to talk to him.../:
One step closer to world domination through pixel manipulation (if my URL was tiny it would go here) IT's really really long :)
RT : Don't tweet you having fun. Don't text her you having fun. Don't Facebook. Don't even smile In a picture if you take one.
A Twitter person is asking for help deciding what to do tonight. I think we should give him the best night of his life. Who's in?! DM me.
me too... I've been craving it so bad after having but have stayed away from them so far.
good morning
It's National Energy Action Month!
Helen KellerIf you are going through hell, keep going
Good Luck Lovely Lady. Sober and happy with your body, a dangerous combination.
Whoa, Shecky Greene is still alive?
Where did Andrew Luck eat after being selected first overall? Del Frisco's Grille!
"If you don't need a friend, you need help."
Was either that or risk being pummeled by you. I've seen the avatars!
had to rush her to her to the hospital text my phone
Thanks dear!
Lots of plans falling into place for move to Bay area. New office location in Campbell, CA. Should be moved in and ready to go March 26!
. is correct I don't recommend hybrid bikes. sounds like you are looking for true commuter weight is important.
looks great!
always love to hire badasses. But focused in SF. You think this person is willing to relocate?
why, of course! y'all will be at the top of my postcard list, i'm sure. *leaves to go glue little teacups to her umbrella. :)
Katy Neal now in the circle for Farish Beard. WKU still up 2-0 in the bottom of the fifth, no outs with a runner at first.
hm...I think Cary will have had enough of me! She deserves a long summer vacation!!
Spoke to mom, told her I love her!!!!
Sunday night came so quick but we have a week FILLED with some new yoga classes and a splurge trip at
Dr. Heath Morrison will be hosting a news conference this morning to address the upcoming budget and No Child Left Behind.
The Dictator (2012)
I havent been here since forever.
Man I gotta wake up early!
glad you enjoyed!
Things are selling fast at the #GarageSale! Come on out! All proceeds go to
Up to no good...Maybe.
Makes sense-seems another case of looking for loopholes. wish they would devote as much time/money to making current page
Catching up on email.
Stepping back into 1999 coding tables out for an html email campaign.
Gonna have a good day, it's Friday and I get out early :)
oh come on!
Even if the odds are stacked against you, never second guess your passion.
A.U.P SIDEWALK SALE TODAY!!! COME AND CATCH A GREAT DEAL ON SHOES CLOTHES AND DECKS!!!!!!!! DONT MISS THIS
Just got a 50% off coupon for the Adidas employee store. Looking forward to going shopping this weekend!
Uh oh. You fall off the wagon?
The AUC is the worse pageant I've seen on campus so far .....smdh
#iwantMandyback ~ come on make it happen :)! hope U'r smiling today :)! take care :)
there are people in there working. Let's go bang on the doors
afternoon Robert, congratulations on getting into the top 300
No dead truck battery today. This is an improvement.
u ready for tonight? u know the twitter world gone be hatin on Mamba!!!!
sounds fun to me!
Praying for you today dear one!!
We could have such a damned good time together.
I feel like there is something wrong with me for liking it so much
now following... Ah guys contact me!
Full focus on #urbanvibe for the #JLO tv show today.
All those Oklahomans in matchy ill-fitting tees make me think one thing: vacation bible school.
"I swear to God, where the f*** is this f***ing s*** in this f***ing system" -Corey having fun playing Mass Effect 3
I'm currently losing my mind because of a lost hooded sweatshirt.
awe thanks baby ;)
Sport motorcycles has got to be the sexiest thing...
Mention this tweet and get free chips with your Sausage today!
drinking beer and hating country music. What is it about white trash and tattoos and cowboy boots??
You only get what you desire by hard work and timing! Is it your time? Have you put in the work?
Hey Madeline, thanks for the retweet!
I hope this isnt a bad thing
I loved that Stryper album, To Hell With Fred Phelps.
Jim, I have 2000 people waiting for this... How hot will Washington D.C. be for Memorial Day weekend?
Can i Get a AMEN!
God is great!
Just wrote a new song! It's about the moon:)
Thanks for showing for today's surprise lunch plan.
Pay it forward
you're welcome love (((:
I thought everybody knew that. Been that way for years.
isn't that just extra protein ?
did someone say party?
Watching at 9. I really like the beginning of our news now.
But you totally are KG! A heaping mound of #FlopSoHard shit! RT : Hawks ain't shit...
yes the other one is somebody that i use to know, get out.
I think it's perfectly reasonable that people envisioned the internet of the 90s as one long Reboot episode.
Agenda for the day: track down the 10 Retros, watch #RealMadrid and my #Heat win...hit up On The Mat for some new shirts!
haha they look like mountains on his arms
I wanna sleep...
": Where my double Ds at where my C cups at lmao" Baby B's in the house!! XD
Too lose this series to Houston shows we r at bottom..
yu always asking somebody for something!
Grrrr I hate how I'm never onn no more:c tweet me :D
This HAS to be the gayest office EVER!!!
Time to invest in some long-johns
A new song, 2 CDs and a necklace giveaway. :)
Memorized all my lines for my scene tomorrow :D
happy to build for Outlook for Mac when Microsoft makes it possible - today, only calendar items available, no message info
sounds good!!
Ugh lost a follower ):
Not quite, but we do have a ton of specials right now. Call us for info! :) (512) 444-4600
plz come over there's wine n vodka. k :)
Rebecca, come watch with me! I'll be up there at 6!
... That is a beautiful image!
Happy Nevada Day!
When you're forced to hang out with movie stars and billionaires you just drop the word right in to the dinner conversation?
Thursday's Chef Special - Fresh Sea Bass!
How is it that Smash makes me desperately miss NYC and Broadway? ... ?
Why, yes, I *am* looking at & registering for more triathlons while the ibuprofen kicks in.....
AHH I am soo excited!!! I can't wait!!!! :D
so u good now?
You ready for this!? : wtf! you got one right here! ^_^
Now its time to buy Florida Properties. Market is stable on an extreme low level since 2011
Will do. Let me know if you have any other questions too!
we might need those for katie and Lithuania tonight
If you would like me to #followback and I am not #following you yet then please let me know so that I can #follow you now! :>
I love a 15 yr old guy from Texas who goes on ustream every friday & cheers everyone up! His name is
It's Monday. Enter BROWNS25 at checkout to take some of that Monday pain away and save 25% at W.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
I've cried more over these two one tree hill episodes than I have in the past year....easily.
take a look at my other tweets earlier today
S/o to my sexy
Can't wait to tweet at you ALL. THE. TIME.
Good luck on your interview today!!
hahaha hubbly bubbly? never heard that one before.
Last player was much younger than the previous 2 semifinalists. Wonder if the judges take age/experience into account?
follow back? :) x
You were the only part of the grammys that inspired me - Please be featured on my next record! www.johnbaptistrecords.com
if mike Vick is on his game then the #eagles have got this, if the #Giants can get to him then they got it!
Dan Sandin (from his talk today) on the appeal of math in art: "For me, mathematical forms are like walking through a new national park."
Everybody on the shuttle put their seatbelt on. I don't really want to and now I'm getting the sideways looks.
#newtgingrich: "this is not a choice between #mittromney and #ronaldreagan"... Not a flowery endorsement, but supportive
Thanks for the follow!
Has Obama said "Don't pay attention to the man behind the curtain" yet? They are causing the financial problem. Focus on your own talents
Had a goodnight on Skype with the babe. Hope his dog will be ok when he takes her to the vet tomorrow. Off to bed soon.
RT : Our very own was named one of the top 10 advertising icons of the decade! Thanks, !
1960s legend Jimmy Cliff covering Ruby Soho, Bob Dylan, and The Clash on his new EP? If it can't help you though the workday nothing can..
- God know what's his doing .. Ah why em I forced to do this Joel why >_< okay fine ill do it :D lol
We need someone to oversee protocol to avoid these embarrassing events.
Gearing up for the holidays!
Watching some and #1G5GTEENS is pretty amazing... wish I saw this when I was a kid
Chinese food is always a good pick-me-up.
Do you need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
Watching "rebirth of mothra" on the office telly. More riveting than MSNBC.
Come to Euclid Tavern in Cleveland tonite for the biggest karaoke party in town 200ppl on avg! Hosted by and
whatever it is. It's going to be alright!
I think it's "going bowling, solo."
FLIX has gone crazy with late #Preminger films. Watched Tell Me That You Love Me Junie Moon. Great relic from early 70s.
what's goody fam
Just wondering about new opportunities. And yes, I'm going to have to get to bed a bit earlier :)
Time to get crazy! What we doing , , , and !?!
i cant even watch it anymore lmfao
"I do not take drugs -- I am drugs." ~Salvador Dali
I cried more than 2 times when I was seeing it. :( If you see it in 3D the glasses are harry potter's!
New Bucks shirt and kids gear is in! Normal Saturday shop hours today. Noon - 4pm. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door.
man hakeem nick only got me 6 fantasy points today, jimmy graham only got me 3.... but im still in the game
my mother just finished her last round of chemo for breast cancer a day before I did the Avon breast cancer walk. She loves you!
OH: "Farmville is subsidized by the US government."
you would know.......lmao
Love them, too! I saw them at Lollapalooza '93 ;-)
Pitino in white is good luck (but bad look).
probably will be late Friday night. Should I make a reservation?
I feel awful.
so great to connect with you, thank you for the follow XO
LAA Kazmir flirting w/ trouble early, second time through the order might be tough
I predict that is going to take that #dancing with stars trophy! :D
I'm done college.
I wanna delete myself from this world, it would make so many people so much happier.
Time dont stop..people do...
GRRRR RT : Angry discovers Comcast dropped Soap Network. Hell shall be unleashed.
Just an FYI, Lenovo released System Update 4.03 on March 29th...
I played a few of your songs for my mom and she said "they sound nice even though they're a little loud" success \m/
Fav stu quote- Rawr is the most recent word I learned so I can tell - "I luv youu!" Rawrrr!!!! It is also the most useful word I know! :D -
i love my best friend!! :)
You inspire us.
oh my gosh, YEAH IM A FAN OF ONE DIRECTION AND JUSTIN BIEBER. ITS ALLOWED OK EVERYONE.
Nothing more I want right now than a burrito an some good hangs.
enjoy...always love a good night out in Vegas!
Verizon wants to messing around. bad connection -_-
of course. Gotta be careful now so we can be legends later
That whats up :)
Okay, got a seat and ready to go.
Jim, thanks!
Not sure field goals will get it done. Pack needs 7's and stops.
wow that's awesome. But again more like ancient artifact than "antique"
Now I'm thinking , Welcome to the Adult World ! O.o
i saw ur earlier tweet..... i know my house is boring but did u have 2 say it on twitter.... thts all
drove to the 1-yd line before a scoop and score on a fumble. They'll be OK.
I love the smell of a good salon.
A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself
not sure about other parts of the city but this one connects the Frost Bank Tower to the Municipal Plaza
Next drawing will be at midnight! #GoodLuck!
So nervous lets go Reed!
Do you believe in magic? :)
BJ is running very effectively today..
Instead of complaining about what all you have to do today, how about you be Thankful you were even blessed to see it
Things are always different here. Winter storms are worse (though they aren't) bcse of ice; earthquakes because bldgs are weak
What songs do you guys want us to put on youtube? Should we do a ustream? Should we do shout outs? Tell us what you think please!
Why does the #NBA have to love the stupid #Lakers so damn much. Screw you.
Last day of our 60th Anniversary Open House. 1/2 off all garage sale/clearance items. Grillin kosher dogs - lunch is on us!
lmao its a animal i think? lOl
the "Lebron as enemy" phase is over. Our biggest enemy @ this point is ourselves, & the rest of the west.
RT : Last day to receive 5 free credits! Send 5 or more drinks by the end of the night and you'll receive 5 credits free!!
is brilliant.
Send us a message with discount code 10019RD and you will get one night free when you book a 5 night stay.
Just followed you b/c we have many mutual friends. Also wanted you off 666 followers for
This guy should be followed by all my followers. His tweets are better than mine!
I'm so proud of the #Devils =)
Someone needs to take YouTube privileges away from Chris. Playing Education Connection commercials is not okay at this time of night.
Cleaning out my timeline...if you're talking crap about Jordan on #BB13 you'll be first to go!!
Durant just put his hand in my chest, ripped my heart out and threw it in the 3rd row. Hurtin
please i begg u follow me
Thank you, Stacey! Yes, you can make it alive!! Blessings...
congratulations on your new car! come in to Brake Specialists Plus to keep it running its best
is tangible.
i just did it friend lol
Excited to learn more about my role at the at the meeting this afternoon
if you don't have plans tomorrow night there's a free show at the hole in the wall - hello wheels and shakey graves. 2 faves.
Nine of my logos were just published in "Logos 2: Bright Ideas from Around the World" edited by David E. Carter. Thank you!
Watching Frozen Planet with Viggle Sun | 5PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I've got strep and cat scratch fever. I'm a winner!
a song
A boy locks his phone, a man tells you to check his messages
: needs #Followers to
Today was a great day!
Tell something good about me,lots of things plz :)
flying to CanCun tonite on the RedEye spending Easter on the Beach!!! Happy Easter weekend all!
2nd way I will inspire my burned out kid? Help him write a plan of "attack" - how to accomplish his goals.
Failure is not an option
I'm working on an ebook & information for homeschoolers helping them help their kids become successful. Keep looking for a list of traits.
It's amazing how music can help you get through things and make a horrible feeling disappear.
always go w ya gutt feelin...
You should go to Kelly's Bar and Lounge and try their Mac and Cheese. You'll be VERY happy.
Thanks babe! >> RT : u too...Eyehoney
nice. Houston has had some great matches. I saw Man U play MLS. Allstars a few years ago.
Writing music... Haven't done this in so long.. I guess when you have something to inspire you, it just goes with the flow.
holy hell i still cannot find it
Then where will you be?
Wth just happened to Mary J Blige? I hope she has a cold cuz that was just down right terrible
GUESS I WILL JUST RECORD A NEW SONG SINCE I'M STUCK IN THE LAB...#MAKETHEMOSTOUTOF IT
Team BB got to run the whole race without winning a leg, sort of a win in itself.
aha, I'm cool :D
DO ALL THINGS WITH LOVE <3
@ FarmAid Even though I am just a Pug, even I know the answer to that..YES!!!
sounds really nice from their homepage. how does it work for ppl with health insurance from work?
Can we make a national entrepreneurship day? RT : 2/23 is now entrepreneurship day in MA.
Awkward turtle!! Haha
It's not to late to try Cheddar Chive Scones & Gravy, prepared fresh by Chef Chris!
Do well tonight!! I love you. (:
You have to yank Jefferson....Les Miles is a moron if he doesn't!
I'm ready to be able to sleep an entire night again...
I'll be doing this more often<3 don't worry!
flip a coin? but yes, we vote you should go. :)
I, the Lord your God, hold your right hand & say to you, "Do nor fear, I will help you." -Isaiah 41:13
If Your A Girl And #YouWannaImPressMe kill me once in Call Of Duty
that's exactly it haha!
Taking myself on a dinner and a movie date. I think people in general get scared of a little alone time but I really like it.
Well it's a big fluffy spot to sit.
what are some of the bands favorite praise and worship songs?
I Can Live With That!
See you soon to talk about budget cuts to public safety. Tune in at 6:40...
wonder what Drew Pearson thought of that hit on Napoli? Prob an illegal hit in NFL & Napoli would be out of w/concuss precaution!
#CRM integration is better left up to plugins
food truck lunch FTW u guys
me too both lineup. i took me a while to learn the new names . I alway remember slash , duff , steven izzy
Good Luck to everyone running the #BostonMarathon today!
thanks man! Glad you're digging my drumming style. Post some vids of you playing HW on rock band or on real drums! -
Fridge is full of so much goodness right now...Sour in the Rye, Smoking Wood...had to stop myself w/ MotherFunker!
today feels like a friday
Finally a backlash of food posting pictures starting on Twitter.
it wasn't too bad. it was a very odd show though. hah.
Updating the ol' resume. Trying to keep it to 1 page but my list of AWANA awards is making that tough...
What are your Thanksgiving plans? Do you travel someplace and leave the cooking to someone else or do you have everyone over to your place?
Thanks for the reminder to be thankful for what I have. I was getting started to my day thinking about what I have not (done).
just got my daughter the cutest sandals
thanks for the mention! Happy Friday :-)
sometimes i feel like i'm always getting lied to & i'm just that stupid to believe everything... #stopassumingalia ...
I guess 26 is is the new 40 lol thanks guys
. welcomes 2pET on sale of Dodgers --"I hope it won't be long before a WorldSeries flag flies at Dodger Stadium"
I liked it. I think the opening credits was my favorite part, though.
. Congratulations on an amazing run of "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum." Hilarious! Last perf today at 3 PM.
I go to write happy birthday on my friends wall and i'm not friends with him. His girlfriend blocked me idk why she's def jealous
It's the last day of April and the sunshine is on its way! Look for our May book display on famous moms coming soon.
OK, ok. How about post-2005?
got a drone I can borrow? RT Based on what I remember, an air strike is the only solution.
Such a great post, Jeffrey! Happy to share it :)
i really haven't gotten off the couch all day...
THIS SONG IS HARDER THAN BALLS TO SING.. It's fine, don't worry about it. I will probably just rip my vocal chords during rehearsal!
Make sure it is my day off. I'm not really angry. Mostly insulted.
i will inform them for sure..
Seems like the stacks are my new favorite place.
TunnelFact #3: tunnel project relies on $300M Mercer and Spokane St projects to fit into street grid (cost not included in current plan)
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. I was born & raised in Oklahoma!!
The best love relationship is that you can thoroughly be who you are that your partner still indulge in.
I so heart Just thought i'd mention it. :D He is just dreamy.
Home sweet home. And now bac out.
Baseball: First pitch set between Canby and Oregon City in final game of series at Canby HS. Cougars lost first 2 games.
I have a right to choose. So today I release worry, and trust God with this day!!
ah I can't wait to see that little love bug!! :)
#MUSICNEWS New breed of boy bands takes over airwaves
Some things are better left unsaid...:/
#Packers will be visiting President Obama on August 12th. It's about time they get that honor. Better late than never.
Daniel Schulman is Chicago's new Program Director for Visual Art / Dept. of Cultural Affairs and Special Events.
: I like Scribd: u can point people to the URL or u can embed them in other site, good social media and tally features
I am so blessed....and more importantly thankful. God has been so good to me and my family.
Guy who wears a cowboy hat and clicks his heels on the ground through the hallways: you're in Texas, that doesn't mean you're a DAMN COWBOY
Fellow Oscar lovers! How many times have you cried so far? And how many bottles of wine have you already gone through?
Congrats to the Philadelphia 76ers on beating the Chicago Bulls to go on to the next round. I hope people don't discount this win!
Officially starting my corporate communication internship with in Milwaukee in five days!
#goodthingsintheworld and #thoughtsatwalmart trending simultaneously. I love you
his name gone be cat.
Last day of work before #ala11! This ALA conference newbie is ready to get her nerd on.
I'm trying to set up reinterviews over the phone. Also, trying not to punch myself in the face repeatedly.
RT : another officer -a 5ft woman-was hit in the head with a drum by a 6 ft 5 protestor. ouch.
and welcome this week in Miami for our board meeting. Our President too! Bienvenido
I want to sit in pajamas, write all day, create all night and love what i do. THAT is what i want. lol
why should there be a compromise? Paying your fair share is the compromise
hows the healing process going?
blue checkered shirt, black skirt, glasses, sitting on steps of production/sound booth.
Awww RT : It's pouring! Come inside. We have a bucket for your umbrellas and another for your tears.
Click on view the agenda, select Item C-3 on the left hand side and download the powerpoint. Just like you're in the meeting!
Can't wait for my yoga session tonight with Donna. Laughed too hard with Andrew today!
Thanks for the RT!
What??? People are so dumb.
Finally Finished Painting For 2day
Who's Clair? Tell me more!
Very sad to see that it's up supposed to snow on Sunday -_-
Waiting for busses at south station has to be the most boring thing...
If only my house was warmer and stocked with a cellar full of Spanish wine....
I have some promo codes for my new #app ICANSIA: Chinese to American Accent. Message me if you want one. Just have a few!
Build your child's self-esteem~reserve your beliefs & opinions & encourage your children to form their own based on what they experience.
Watching Goodfellas and napping until 's bday celebration tonight. Happy birthday big guy!
Great to connect w/ other web developers-would love to chat w/ you about ecommerce systems you are using!
Have you tried our Cinnamon Streusel Coffeecake? Sour cream coffeecake with a stripe of cinnamon walnut streusel!!! Awesome!!!
Please be couple on her graduation PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE.
Heading out to launch party at Who else will be there?
Good job on the #sponge video shoot today. I think should invite Sloth to all future performances.
RT : Leverage the community of influencers to help you tell your brand story
Indiana should be able to handle Miami
LUCKY! XO
People are so fake now-a-days..
Met today :) she was so beautiful and so sweet :)
- Derek Ball for Star wars
I always feel more gay watching ANTM
The weekend starts now. Strap on your dancin shoes, groin kick those blues and grab a drink. Let's write this book.
I imagine Australia as being the total bro-nation
furthermore, many of us are media savvy enough to recognize a shoddy, inflammatory trolling-for-traffic piece...
oh yeah ! Just wanted to make sure I still had an office buddy.
Shout out too my new follower ^_^ !!
happy birffffday c:
Off to school :l ...Hope the weekend comes FAST! (:
Why is it wrong to go up to a random woman & tell her "I love your tits."? It's a compliment.
I'm starting to build a pretty serious collection of authentic WWII memorabilia.
As long as the applicant is in NYC all summer, all are welcome. If interested send a resume/cover letter to
What MRI?
Thanks man! Lemme know what you think!
Love does not hurt - (We agree!)
Ew, that article completely missed the point
sink load and fire til the empire's reaped what they've sewn
actually about to order at G2 and do a video review on it..
That's icky. FYI I moved past sandwiches to toast for this city. If you'd like to start an I-rent-in-DC support group I'm in.
Had an amazing time at the #VNVNation #Concert wish had been there =(
I caught staring at my ass yesterday, it was kinky.
I wasn't gonna drink 4 a month after CIAAs until I realized I am 1/4 Irish & this wknd is the 1 wknd a year I get a pass!
yea me n Jake have a secret cuddle place.He meets me there when ur sleeping
If u got a question 9 times outta 10 I got an answer
Thanks. I will have some artists soon. I'm doing a biweekly video on 30 artists under 30. Please send people to me if possible
Weird and exhausting but fun couple of days.
tryna get her groove back like stella, grab the umbrella
Nietzsche, Heidegger, Kierkegaard, Thoreau, Foucault. Spell these words correctly w/out looking. Are you 5 for 5? You can work here!
Sho can you DM me your email...I want to hit you up
be a human being, social media advice from
Follow us tomorrow night for live feeds as the #Thunder take on the #Rockets in our Game of the Night.
Thank you for the re-following Robyn, and have a wonderful weekend as well.
What I'm apparently not missing at #SXSW #boysinscarves and
Oh, boo. I've started buying face products at Natural Grocers.
I think its sad that is closing, but hopeful that they will have going out of business sales at the local store so I can stock up
Just paid $92 to get my cox tv back on
Flyers, you wont be missed
Last wknd to see Romeo and Juliet at PCPA Theatrefest. Weather's going to be great for a road trip.
Oh and it's Friday the 13th... This doesn't bode well
somewhat true
no you walked away to the concession stand & we just rolled out
The GMC Compilation album is going to be nasty!
Making the great depression my bitch!
Back to the Doctors in the a.m. Get to go pee in another cup. Yay for them contaminating my previous urine sample.
Lazy #AF today!
Wait. You're really going to Finland? Art?
Kony2012 if you don't know.....find out!
Like they say in sports, "Don't peak too early." We need you ready to go on October 27!!!
Hey Brian, I cannot respond to your dm unless your following me as well!
Nice to know -,-. Give me tomorrow.
You're lucky if your memory remains.
I love my mom. Just left her & I already miss her. Must visit her soon.
I cried 2times during Wrestle Mania, when HBK, Undertaker and Triple H helped each other out and when Edge started crying :'(
Happy Birthday! Long time, no see.
it was loud. But yes, lots of fun!
I just had a Hot Dog.
People that say they're gonna do something and then do the complete opposite.... Frustrate me...
Know some1 6-12 months frm graduating/has a B.S & doesn't have a job? Tell them to hit up Teaching is a gr8 opportunity!
Me and found a book called "I Am The Cheese". What the?
We are thinking about running more specials this summer. What dental special would you like to see from us?
Getting ready for Joshua Tree Music Fest! Just got my eyebrows done, bought some road snacks, now a bong hit!
we're driving from California... Haha but we're getting there.
friend promised wife to not tell u.she worried u would bring it up,which would force her to listen,which would force her to drink
Tonight, we shall see! My guess is they will find a way to screw it up.
Men do less than they ought,unless they do all they can.Thomas Carlyle
Had a great day today ^.^ ate some bomb food!! M...
I think it's a mistake. Just a random alert telling me I got 2gb free. Couldn't find anything on google abt a promo or anything. Ha
Getting carpal tunnel from too much paper writing.
omg! got really excited for a second cuz i thought tweeted me.. turned out to be someone else.. :(
More love from SC! ACCENTS BY CAROL 7751-C N. KINGS HWY MYRTLE BEACH SC 29572
That wasn't a dis, it was meant to reify your "noting new in digital"stance. RT : yes, same as it ever was...
<delete, delete, file, delete, delete>
Conversations through twitter get annoying real fast.
AND SEXY. LOLOL.
Working in Madison today.
Monday morning: what you need, free wifi, coffee, eggs and bacon, or French Toast!
#Educause10 "you're smart. You have to go sit in a room" let's stop sending this message.
great movie the artist it did deserve the best spot. Lived it
I want to invite you to my church, Chris. Come to w/ an open mind & see what it's like. You'd be surprised!
RT : The fastest growing groups on LinkedIn are students & recent college grads
Stressed out...
dana does so much for justin an scooter nor kenny cant tweet her for justin or one of them cant but then they tweet the mean bitches
There are 32 National Football League teams in the United States. 16 in the AFC and 16 in the NFC.
today is not my day
hehe judge or join Mr. Pickles
The swag you think you got i gave it to you
That was awesome.
Because this is some weird spelling that I think is coming out of Central America.
what is?
#BandsILove Linkin Park, Paramore, Anarbor, A Day to Remember, The Killers, Green Day, Panic! At the Disco...
NIH Public Access Policy is not OA and is not a a solution for the serials crisis.
aww. What time is it now? Lol
Make sure your recycling, man. " : They're awful. They tastes like garbage"
A #GMO is a genetically modified organism created by taking the gene from 1 plant, animal, bacteria or virus & combining it w/ another.
With the way things are going, Java feels like a step back from C++ but more relevant than Pascal was.
thanks for the shout out - mucho appreciated!
Gas, Food, Walmart Gift Cards, Watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com then sign up at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I will supply leads each week.
Hasn't been my experience :)
Eat one for me too, then.
omg im so sleepy.
I think your retweet from the Washington Post about the duck needs to be incorporated w/
Twitter just told me I'm a wind bag....to be more cleaver. Go Pack Go!
Arrived in #NOLA 4 the #AMAconference! Let's go
Good Heavens! Hadn't checked #Klout for awhile, but apparently now I'm influential about Costco, Marriage, Cars, Sports and Math. WTH?
Randall Saddler of a university with too long a name: teacher training w/technology. Student teachers developing virtual comm. of practice
Where's the sermonic selection?
I can't stand the ginger juice either.
This Shining Night will premiere at the Soho International Film Festival. Wed April 18 at 3 PM.
We have kitchen and bath cabinets
RT : Yes, , we the people are, in fact, serious about Congress enacting legislation that violates the Constitution.
Zimmerman couldve pushed him aside or use his fists. No need to use a gun against a teen.
Do you remember back in the good ole days when you could get someone to do it all for only a single nookie?
fuck wit me. I got all types of beats!
Liam Do you want your home clean? We lOvE yOu TuRkEy FaNs pLeAse cOMe hErE
Does anyone know the exact date of when graduation is in May?
With my family at having a great time
Life is full of fake people. Before you decide to judge them, make sure you're not one of them.
No!!! I'll be in town thru Tuesday!!!! Along with 20K librarians. Told them ALL to come.
That is NONE of your business Dempster.
...and speaking of stinks, there are enough people to fill a whole bus waiting for 's 16Y and yet it just arrived, already full. Yay.
Happy Sunny Tuesday fans! What is your favorite dance quote?
I wanna see darkshadows so bad :o
#RIP Whitney Houston we will miss you.
Middleton's downtown famers market starts today from 3 to 6:30 p.m. featuring 10 vendors on Terrace Ave. behind the Hubbard Avenue Diner.
I know sorry mm wath are u doing
Today I loaned your book to a friend and another one downloaded it on her Kindle!
enjoy mammoth cave or whatever!
one life to live...just sayin', "let's get it!"
Thanks for the #FF!! Have a great day!
No kidding! Luckily I am still a Detroit Lions fan. I am still in awe of Peyton.
Articles and illustrations for the winter 2011 issue are DUE TODAY! What a wonderful way to celebrate the newly fallen snow dusting!
Time May Take Us Apart but, I Will Still Love You,,, I Promise.<3
That was riveting by Aikman "worst game they played all season" no kidding ding dong.
you need an ikeep!!
I hadn't had a Suzie-Q in probably ten years before just now. Everyone follow that? ;)
did someone say "hideous christmas sweater"?! RT I wanna find a hideous christmas sweater!!
..yeah, but what if tragedy struck, and they just needed a moment, you know..to liberate?
"(Snowflakes) are precise atomic recordings of their lifetimes. Each is the story of its fall." -- Shawn Brixey ('85 sculpture)
Going shopping ! :)
Nap-time w/ my Suga foot! Trying to wake up but we are both struggling.
RT : If you're going to succeed you must be willing to hear a little criticism along the way. via
no. you're on vacation! lol... just asked cus this KDM/genesis site would all pick up and go to korea and just stop business.
Did you know now makes their milkshakes with ice cream?
If a Fat Mofo Ask Me Out. Imma Say Yeah To Let Them Take Me Out To Get The Food. Then if They Ask Me Questions. Imma Go To Bathroom& Runaway
I got a fuckin bruise on my ass dude wtf
Happy Holiday's from CRUSH Wine Bar in Seaside!
Bryce Harper on the way to second after his first career double, rips his helmet off.. to run faster?
Fun-filled day with & mamacita! Shopping, Hair Cuts & MORE!!! Now relaxing before dinner with the family tonight!
Jason Russell, dude, if you wanna beat something in public, join a drum circle in Uganda.
westside Madison folks... mind the lunch time speed trap, westbound belt at Mineral Point.
how's it going brother? how's school?
I busted them at work!! With thier hands in the cookie jar!! I am so protected! I had an angel guiding me for sure! Thank you God! Thank YOU
I'm getting the Shopify password screen at the moment...
What do a Rubix cube and a penis have in common? The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
re: Detroit, check out the work is tackling to in Detroit w/ Mayor's Office: and
S/O to for being here for me since middle school, even through all the bullshit! Love ya !
do uk how Ashley first date went? Lol
Lmao Joey ass petty af talm bout Morrison. He a goofy. On me.!
I could watch re-runs of #sexandthecity all day.
Everyone has his path in life. If a toe wanted to be an eye, all he would see is the inside of a sock. Thus you must follow your own...
I try to avoid musicals as much as possible so I haven't seen that.
#nsta12 new ti calculators are too cool. Class set is $4500. Any ideas on grants to help costs?
Celtics to damn old.
Workshop tonight in Imperial Beach. Looking forward to a great one tonight!
omg please come to New York! I think i would die if i met u<3
Off to see Just a few thousand miles and some plane rides away...
i feel like tanisha's cousin shouldnt be her maid of honor. i feel like she just a hater..
BTW great article in April issue of #Artforum about "Art After Nature"
In koreatown looking at herb cookers for a friend
stop down and ask for Rick and I'll show you what Baltimore eats for lunch when they want real good food on me
i love me some joe dirt
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F OVERCAST: 61F OVERCAST
What I wouldn't give for some sun...
JUST WHEN U U THOUGHT U WAS DOING IT BIG..I WALK IN THE BUILDING SO
Are you feeling like Carrie Bradshaw right about now?
Flying to Indy in Louisville Slugger's corporate airplane on Monday!
I like your thinking!
For some reason, I can hear my mother saying "If asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?" Heh.
What a morning! But my god shall supply my every need.!
And You Will Know Us By The Trail Of Dead Bodies Of Your Friends Holy Crap Zombie Attrition Is On, Mofo...
I totally did that for real. And for the very same reason.
Not yet. We've talked about making that connection though. Do you know someone there?
RT : New report focuses on #smartgrid apps & 6 trends shaping grid evolution. Available to GigaOM Pro subscribers 4/21.
I wonder who hm???
Look forward to watching every Thursday faithfully best show ever...
good joke! And dodgers r my team too
On vote in NC, Pres Clinton says "Gay marriage is a threat to marriage? F*ck that, my dick was the biggest threat to my marriage"..
Oh gosh
I believe in the #Penguins and the comeback. One down and three to go!
Hooray! It's Opening Day!!
POSTURE CHECK!!! Sit up straight! Abs in, chest up, shoulders back, head floating high <3
Night night twitter! !!!
korean fried chicken -- seoul sassy
just broke the TOP 5 on ReverbNation's Oklahoma City rock charts! Check it out, and help your favorite water-themed band get to numero uno!
one hour finale!
Oh shit Kevin Hart in the buildin for the
hey, it's only one... comeonbereasonableman!
Well put, brown eyes.
#viewerschoice lick jays armpit
paper.li does the work for me according to my search terms and Twitter followers
Sorry ladies RT : Like my girl low key, no photoshoots, no twitter, no none of dat sh!t...just tune.
Love is the hidden message within all fear and pain, no matter how horrible they make you feel.
..enjoying some delicious Pad Thai from EE Sane. Absolutely incredible. Go eat there, my MKE friends.
Debs m!
why didn't anyone in #uwmjmc307 note we forgot to talk about PSA's? We'll finish internet, talk about PSA and then get to Tweetin' :)
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience with Axe Body Spray? Ping back for more info! :-)
Just tapped Alaskan Freeride Pale Ale.
What is #pdxshift about?
not a bad idea, but haven't we gone down that road before?
I make mistakes. I make poor choices. I acknowledge these things, and grow to defeat them.
We were ALL over that this weekend!
On the couch, watching classic Bugs Bunny cartoons w/the fam. And THAT'S what's up, Doc!
I'm in A currently. Kind of wish I had chosen B. Meet in downstairs lobby area at lunch?
Sending you peace~
In the carr with my bro listening to dance dance by fall out boy <3
I like that fact they at least added a summary section of T&C changes at the top in this last round.
yes please
It&#39;s official: PHL had most number of natural disasters in 2011
Every 15 mins you spending planning saves you 60 mins down the line; 1 hr saves you 4 hrs. Take time to plan today!
oh hey Twitter, long time no see. Down another 3 pounds. woot.
ahahah well thank god ! so like wicked excited for the chorus concert tomorrow!!!!!!
RT - New England Patriots Classic Uniform > ..The red one'
cant.rigg the truth baby,u just looking for a reason to beef,u gon.learn.tho
so far so good. I think smog is good for kriolus!
Just watching a lil bit of I, Robot.
Thomas Krichel: "I created the open library society."
Thats great! Congrats on the award - It is nice to see that happen as a result of your hard work.
In honor of password, had an hour long discourse about Jesus conspiracy theories with the housemates.
reading in bed with a tumbler of whiskey, skipping a few decades and turning 45 on my next birthday.
Really are you serious your not alone I've told you this before just because I'm getting my shit together docent mean I'm not here for you !
Ah the good old days!
Thanks for your support of RIF &
Hazy showed up!
i think my pink dress
Good morning Shane!.. Have a great day!
Two kiddo play dates and #Badger game this weekend.
how much time do you get in between movies?
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. - Tupac Shakur
Just in time to honor our resident for assisting Iran...Must be above someone's paygrade...whats that...
Stop by for some great tacos for lunch or dinner! 3 tacos for $5 all day/night Texas Hold em 7 and 10 pm....
Tomorrow its official e.v.a. pro.records signs 3 new artist! Who are they?.......... Find out tomorrow.
As long as I'm a little scruffy
Fwd: Just saw a clerk bitch out an attorney
omg loving my kindle more and more every second
RocLyfe Ent. will be releasing Poitier's video "99 percent" this week from his video mixtape 2nd Coming....stay tuned
S/O TEAM1579 ...
Hey Malik, Imma need one of those fly rosaries
Eradicating CROWN first tackles from football since 1997. HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certification. The ONLY science of tackling safety on earth.
yes! what do you have to tell me about?
Lots of action, Thor had better storyline.
This shuttled driver is riding everyone's a$$ Lmfao!
i don't care if austin never notices me. I will still be a
Thank you so much for adding StrohlPLUS to your list!
lol that is amazing.
just around the corner...
so you're in town but not in Tyler?
Interesting to see Walmart's Mexico issues raise awareness of FCPA. Wonder how aggressive will be with fines. I expect >$500M
Just ordered a salad topped with Fritos. That's how I rock the healthy.
This English paper is killing me.
I got suspended I can't even go lmfao
Ok, back to cake boss, Buddy says "lobster claw" is his wife's favorite, and it does look amazing. So try one and report back!
I liked the Missouri line. I don't follow the other person that tweeted it, so it's all good over here :-) 'Twas funny!
Thanks for the follow!
Enjoying this pretty spring day!!! Hope everyone is having a great day : )
When the Mets are up, no one watchin, people go to shake shack, fart... changes wind direction to directly at home plate.
Indy Conference Early Registration discounts end tomorrow - so register today for the only conference devoted to the Indoor Sports...
and both put on an amazing set today as part of . #PDX rocks.
I'm with you! I love the character (she's pretty bad ass) and the music is wonderful.
Me: "#Ableton Live....where have you BEEN all my life??" Ableton Live: "On your computer you asshole!" Me: "..........oh"
Everybody go follow She's so lovely, she's a Mahomie&Acon she's beautiful and you would miss out if you don't! <AB
#GOP 'RUNNING SCARED' like "Vampire Capitalist' hiding from "LIGHT OF TRUTH" shined on his despicable deadly deeds vs
I was doing yard work, then I found a wasp nest
Two fish-farming films to be screened at CU - Daily Camera
Thanks for the recent follows! I look forward hearing from you all!
Have a fantastic holiday weekend everyone! I'm spending it making my own fabric headboard featuring an elephant and lotus flowers.
R.I.P. to Chuck Brown the Godfather of GoGo Music if people don't know DC music craze
I have a headache that can only be cured by eating my mom's food.
A2 - 86% of career consumers believe an employee voice - only 14% believe a corporate one...
I am now a Quickbooks ProAdvisor!!
It was great talking with you today!
I promise to be da best god parent..be there for my god child as if he/she was my own :)
Thanks much for the #FF mention, I see you one #FF and I raise you one "have a good weekend."
want Droid Bionic
I used to give a fxck, Now I give a fxck less!!
tough loss for man!
oh well i am follow u can u follow me plzzz!!!!!
A little surprising... apparently www.peoplepoweredchange.org.uk doesn't really support people. Their money goes to nonprofits.
People tend 2 brainstorm better,communicate more honestly & get through process more efficiently with an outside facilitator,
Fresh new hair cut :)
still sending prayers your way. I'm sorry you are going through this.
Mugatu would fit in well in the Capitol.
No, the not neglecting to eat good meals before a big meal or a holiday meal. I always neglect that part!
can't.breathe. why must i live in DC where the air quality received a grade of "F"?
Taking a 10 week course in XHTML and it is surprisingly fun.
oh my god I am so sorry! If you need anything just let me know.
can I get a follow! And a shout
is making jazz at the Woodstock Jazz Fest with the Roger Panella Trio tonight. 9pm. O'Leary's Pub. Frank Parker on drums.
sorry to have missed you! Let's try again soon. Anything I can do to help your suicide prevention group, I will. TM will help.
which girl can do this Jamaica dance Gal BUBBLE
We just finished our huey's gig im Southaven ms. The Huey's staff and customers are always great. Thanks guys!!!
we thank you!
Push come to shove I will be doing the pushing and the shoving.
it would also be interesting to see how many have multiple active mobile subscriptions
Any info on Pgh beer history that I have, you can assume and/or either provided it or have seen it haha.
i miss you girl! how much longer till you get your hair license or do you have it already now?
I would have to agree that people make money not plans, but you were saying million dollar business plan.
Parks and Rec is so much better than The Office now it isn't even funny. Well, it is, but you know what I mean.
Follow me and I will follow back teamfollowback
U better believe I will...not everyday we go for 28...that's history in the making!
Welcome aboard new followers! :)
u haven't seen that but don't get me started on Popeyes smh
How do you think Payton's suspension will sit with Drew Brees and his contract negotiations?
that is great!
": On it right now." Thanks, ill check again later
was happy to bike to the farmers market. ....thank goth I check the times. It's open at 9am. ...not 7am.
Yes! Thx! But you got the wrong link... MT : Psyched to hear Andrew D'Angelo ! Way to collaborate
Its hot as hell over here...I need something to do, I'm just watching all the work be done
RT : Hey! it's good to see you in tweeter / yes welcome to the twitterverse!
George Jones birthday is today. Guess that means I will be able to hear "Dirt Road Anthem" on every country radio station. :-)
Fri we'll b starting 2 move some props 2 r new rehearsal space at the Shops of Grand Ave & rehearsing 4 5/26 performance!
Americans: We created everything! World: NO YOU DIDNT! YOUR ARE SUCH LAZY PEOPLE. we made pizza and everything you own.
About to start the day. I have a lot to be grateful for. Have a fabulous day everyone!
My internet went out so I called the company, but apparently they won't just give me my neighbor's new wifi password.
Never tell someone they look like Moby
It's modern-day slavery, you know? Vikings RB Adrian Peterson (salary: $10 mil) on how #NFL owners treat players. No, I don't know, Adrian.
I base my decisions on what is best for the people of the 9th district, I will continue working to lead Southern WV forward.
lol ya ok keep on lieing everything to everyone is a lie, play around ik what ur next job will be hahahhahahaha so screw u :)
what is a #bubblegumboy <nothing even matters>
You will take my advice to heart :) For I am a music industry veteran!
that's for like the Boyfriend video I think. Lol
Take your time, I am insanely behind on mail and do not deserve prompt responses #snailmail but look forward to it!
Elephants love to have their tongue slapped. --
. says replacing #CFB with club sports would remove many scholarships.
Pretty girls who get who ever they want>>>>>>>>me :(
daily #homeschool tip: autie,add etc kids are kinetic learners. if they r moving they r #learning. if made to sit they learn only how to sit
I've got a 7:00 am flight Sun am and would love to share a cab. meet in the lobby? what time?
I got my White glasses on and I'm feeling like a tool right now...yea.
You're a graphic designer, too? When I'm not writing shirts for Jomadado, I am a freelance graphic designer. Free shirt if you want
I get up early to try to get a ticket or 2 for the homerun derby, and of course my luck they were gone by the time I got to the order screen
Pop an Addy now or later?
Learning #TweetDeck thanks to Love it, but talk about #informationoverload!
They will be here for filming in a few weeks--a doc on the history of tobacco. I'll cover the 18th-c. and the American Revolution.
I like dick and syrup for breakfast.
Kingdom Builders on Norfolk street..
Hunger games
Ayn Rand's ideal man was a serial killer who happened to have my name. This has always bothered me for some reason.
RT was the one that showed me it back in houston : Coldest movie in the world!
national sandwich day..Subway anyone?
Kay baby :*
Thanks! we should. Let me know details and I will try to make it work. You coming to #SHEAR2011 this summer?
know your worth, own your power, build ur success...
lies! I said they HAVE great carrots. Get it right!
the railing on the mezzanine is right in front of my view at the show. My $50 not looking so good right now. :/
Midtown's Clean Team empties 102 corner litter-baskets 7 days a week.
It's Thursday. You should be starting your weekend already.
It helps a lot! You have a good weekend too.
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission. Zig Ziglar
Yeah, that's not a good sign. Hard to see UW over Cal as well...
I just heard a nice old lady say "I could make a living booking Steve's bets". My brain heard (crossbooking) (stevesbets). lol.
Ugh, I swear parents are like pros at pissing teens off. I'm ready to move the fuck out!
Name your BEST Makeup tip for Valentines day! Share it with us!
Gingrich says Obama doesn't want a middle-class tax cut while Republicans don't want to extend the payroll tax cut. With a straight face.
#NP Beastie Boys for the whole day. RIP Adam Yauch. Truly a music pioneer, hero and inspiration to millions of people.
I will make sure to go to Takorea next time I'm there!
congrats on #1yearWhoIAm :) you're an amazing guy can't wait to hear more music
Well actually less than 2 months :D
Meet Lucy - A Maltese in Las Vegas, NV...she needs a loving fur-ever home!
now, which band member am I talking to ? :)
Cameron and Anthony went in their rooms, and i don't know where Matty, Melissa, Michelle or Jenna went :/
The best part of my Tuesday every week is watching #smash from the night before.
Today is my mom's birthday. Happy Birthday mom! Today is also my puppy's BD. He's a year old. Happy BD Davie!
You have to train you mind like you train your body.
Good Am I just Want SuM Fire Ass Head!
ok that makes me feel better why u bored
Retailers looking to resell MirrorSleeves email us at
Finally off
I took a new pic today...not sure how many of my friends are photographers; I would like to take some new pics now that I am in better shape
Looks like i maybe going to see 1D?
awesome,I'm Erin by the way!I was thinking either point loma or del mar!In terms of date,was thinking nov19 but totally flexible
I agree with Hippocrates - our FOOD SHOULD be our medicine -- however, our FOOD itself is often times SICK....and we eat too much sick food.
Why are so many people from Baltimore rooting for a DC team? Seriously we hate DC #baltimore #caps please!
(Inspired by my own struggle to come up with a comic bio for my self I'm now tweeting comic bios about some of ABQ's best) - Sarah M.
Hey Foodies you might b interested in awards announcements!
Happy Birthday ! your a man now haha it seems like it was just yesterday when I saw you on YouTube proud of you! :)
swim fast today, avon boys! you guys had an amazing prelims, so finish even stronger! go get 'em!
lovin that y'all on the twitter.
is there really that much of a difference running 4.28 or 4.48? not a scout or anything but it doesn't seem much difference.
2011.10.01 #postseason Ian is dealing / Miller Park crowd goes crazy / for Rickie Weeks' walk
#becauseofjustin i want to run into the same door he did....then lick it O.O
#EBUS118 Follow and review their tweets about Apple's big new product announcement today. Tweet your thoughts on this?
My only sure reward is in my actions and not from them. - H. Prather
and what argument did u make again other than untruths and rhetoric? Yeehaw!!
so they aren't as cute as the university of Wisconsin's mascot?
I just bought the new ! I immediately tore out the post an taped it on my wall! Please print more!!!!
Bye bye, Preds! Good work,
Bad. Right now the admin is succeeding at killing coal.
Thought Experiment: Had Selena lived, would J-Lo today be a middle-aged Bronx stripper trying to convince people she used to be a "Flygirl"?
Off to the move festival in albany ny!!! 1 oclock kick off baby!! #sh*tsgoindown
Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a Books & Books $25 gift certificate !
Would like to thank all of our Music Educator friends in New York for visiting this past weekend at NYSMA, it was great to see you again.
yay! it's snowing!
Anyone hitting for Harpoon #pcbe event tonight?
P-Funk is a great way to start your morning...
Straight-on videos are great for people used to being on camera as well as other video to display things like presentation tools
It's thundering and lightning
yes it can!
When u see me holla L's Up!
yay election day! Rock out!
RT : "I may not believe in life after death, but what a gift it is to be alive now." Natalie Angier
Coffee with exec. director ....great ministry doing great development work helping people start businesses in
"The Andre 3000?"I would shave w/that razor ": I bet Andre 3000 and Gael Garcia Bernal avoided Adrian Brody on that commercial."
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #football because he tweets just the right amount during football season
Happy Thanksgiving break! Look out post-break for some new Agency action...
I've spewed horribly this month, playing endlessly. I'm trying to get back on the hardcore poker grind now.
Today is National Hairball Awareness Day... really!
ur prego we get it, that shit happens to like 97493328 women everyday. quit trending that shit.
Better than the iPad Retina Display?
I Jus wanted to ask you a few things about the industry sure you can help me better then most. You gonna be in cols. Anytime soon?
#milwaukee AZEK BOARDS AND MOULDING IN STOCK, IN STOCK, IN STOCK
too true. Got the macho fries on!!
Bored and want to hang with someone!
It's windy outside but it's calm inside the Cafe today. Take refuge.. have a moment to yourself and enjoy a beverage with us.
people who cannot be held accountable for their (in)action(s), are, by default, not trustworthy. Choose friends wisely.
I learned to do it on my own so fuck who saying different
re: inflatable, heck I still have to check every night to make sure. Doubt Kate will tell me if it's on or not.
All it takes is a lack of testicles, really.
Today is the Third Thursday Local Music Series at the Swan Cafe (Community Food Co-op) 6-8pm. FREE.
don't believe you
I don't understand why they show poker on ESPN or Comcast Sportsnet. It's not even close to sport.
get fired up like a smokin' gun
You will be missed! RT Due to our moving, we aren't able to attend tomorrow's Little Italy Mercato. Apologies for any inconvenience!
but he's fine with Hart's hitting struggles in playoffs and his poor coverage in right?
Or is it worse that I don't have one now, and rely on Bootcamp?
momma in the kitchen cleaning up .
I know my beautiful women is gonna tear up the scene at her photo shoot today.
i guess he went to sleep -_-
Thanks for the #FF!
Sounds delicious.
Uncle Jim just got called by groupies! It's so nice spreading good cheer everywhere....
Oui Oui RT l love your advertising campaign. You should throw a Great Gatsby inspired party in Denver.
I WOOD DIE IF YOU FOLLOWED ME BUT YOU WONT EVEN READ THIS YOU WILL LOOK RIGHT OVER IT :'(
i really miss my parents...i wish i could be happy all the time every second of everyday nope thats too much to ask for
We went to Hollywood together to get our book onto the big screen crossing our fingers!!!
ex:Mgr doesn't bet on Mon but bets tue. does he put in his star reliever in the game mon if needed? or save him for Tue?
S/O TO ALL THE INTERS CAN'T FORGET THE BOSSES S/O TO THEM AS WELL FALLOW
Note: Tweets tagged with "ms" are from PR guy , not jimmy
final stage of mixing. then mastering. then songs for you.
Lord have mercy! Hahaha
The Type Connection website is going to be a great resource for inspiration. Thanks!
Yeah, that is even more crazy-talk then your class. Talking and human interaction are good. Plus, it meant I could avoid my paper :)
One of those days where I hate everything
Twitter is desensitizing death.
Crutches SUCK.
so aruba then? K great!
I would sooner read a timetable or a catalogue than nothing at all.
The Silent Assassin Brandon Roy, one of the NBA's best change of pace and clutchest player's is retiring! A very big loss for the game!
Two days til our next show of Veronica's Room. It's really an awesome show. Special Discount Tix through our FB page for Sun performance.
Please follow me, me and my friends love you and i saw you at the Navy Pier in Chicago
I moved to a new town no one knows me so if I killed myself no one would care
(No offense, Steven Martin.)
promo me? shoutout? please? :D
Who finds a bag before bottoms lol O.o?? What??
just noticed that my Hotmail account is over 10 years old. For it's (belated) birthday, I setup a recovery phone #. you should too.
I love this TEAM
What a cutie James!! (oh and the baby too...hahaha) Thanks 4 sharing.
LORD BLESS THEM ALL WHO ARE WEAK and they don't know and trapped in world with no hope. Give then light, food and love.
Howland determined ucla to lose by 10 pts and we miss the 1st half of
I just love having terrible ankles...
What's the deal fam
hahaha yes!!! Dibs!
Future boxing writer Leon Washington? lol RT For the People who don't have PPView I'll keep you updated.
Yea that's one of the problems when talking with people all over the world I never think about the time zone.
he's good to think with: best example of a historical "bad guy" in my diss, while also a model of modern bureaucratic expertise.
Staying at home and watching movies with my mom > going to the boring ass skatepark with Caitlen and Johnny.
hey where i can watch the video? do you have a link?
I need to get my nails filled... asap
-_-....WHAT?! RT them African bunnies are no joke B
lol yeah we played alot and wrestled! :D so yeah she was def worn out and so was dad :P
March 1,1994:56am Weighed 7llbs and 11oz.He Grew up in Stradford-Ontario,Canada with Christian,Ryan,and Chaz.I know more.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 10
Good for you! If the real you isn't good enough. Then it's their problem and not yours.
Thanks for the #ff. Hope you are good!
Interested in a film grant?! Check out this link - www.fromtheheartproductions.com/howto.shtml
oh yeah, that's a great song! Love Rancid!
- Thanks Jerry! - Nick
okay girly! Hopefully Rose will have some good parties coming up then we can go.! haha. (:
We offer our customers towing to our facility, 24 hours a day seven days a week, through a partnership with A-Albuquerque Towing.
Merry Christmas 2 everybody. Hope u and ur families have a blessed one.
Was told would have an answer on the 30th, called today & 7 people later now told I have to wait 2 more days.
Most people either loved or hated movie "melancholia"...opinions? I loved it.
Not yet. I write stuff down and crack people up but im thinking about making it a serious thing soon. What about you?
Which team's supporters are doing so??
Damn I just messed up my whole leg and my toe trying to go to the dang bathroom :(
RT : WARNER BROS GOES SO HARD WITH CATERING
yup u bin school today?
#www.gwclaw.com Put Illinois largest personal injury and workers' compensation law firm to work for you.
thanks for the shout out. Looking forward to seeing u and everyone at the Milwaukee junction entrepreneur week!
How many Jims have you told that to before?
Your Welcome! You have a really cool Bio! I like your portraits of pets.
in such a bad mood today !
:: What a great day, ! Not quite the 10 we had yesterday... But a solid 8.5
Hey buddy, how's it going songs?
you just tweet too much! Oh and did you get my text?
The name "Castle Garden" was given to the old fort in the summer of 1824 when it was given to the city of NY
yeah seriously!
Sorry. The correct answer is 73.
All other residents are safe as well. Building is standing but... If you know Lewistown her apt is close to the Civic Center and totalled.
my maneger bought me flowers cuz i act lke a mom
Get me out of here --this job
It is not question of protecting the environment, but how, for without a healthy earth mankind is doomed.
I was just jamming to that yesterday!
haha phones....displays :)
That's what it should, you should love the person that makes you feel happy that you're alive.
That's what I said, basically. I guess the thinking is that length bothers him. What are SAS's other options? Tiago? Blair?
2NIGHT!!! 2NIGHT!!! MPIYA'S VERY OWN I-POE LIVE !!! COME OUT AND WITNESS DA ULTIMATE HIGH!!!
you were fuckin hilarious
Coming soon! The 2012 design! We hope you love it!
cool. Gotta get me one!
Stu is a great guy! And Scottish! Love to listen to him talk.
Sunk Costs refers to business primarily but also can be used in relationships. This means money OR time invested that cannot be recovered.
Poll: yes or no, will the #O's snap the losing streak and get back on track?
the pullout no matter who made the decision its happening on Obama's watch! He will benefit politically!!!
At my first Diamondbacks game!! With and Julia!
Allan Houston still got it!
Haha...I've been deep rubbing it with a raquetball and it's KILLING me today. No pain no gain I guess.
Happy Birthday Mommy! Love you
i wish u a great time on that day babe
your right, you scared me for a sec
Love my uncle Tony
Go Green, Go White. Instant Classic finish.
OH EM GEEZE GUYS!!!!! IS FOLLOWING ME IM YELLING!!!!!!!!! #wuuut?
New Definition for Socialist: Anybody's political agenda that differs from your views.
A smile happens in a flash, but its memory can last a lifetime.
Working on a Sunday: There's a dog here (returning books?) with its owner, and an old man jamming to Rihanna.
nice, lobster tails?
I want some orange juice from sonicc.
lmfaoo not of they act like you they not gone have that ctfu
5. Opens all the soups at the soup bar. Swishes them around. Doesn't buy soup.
Album is officially on its way. Title will be revealed in a couple weeks
oh, that's a wonderful area! go to dolce vita and all the places around that area on duval!
surely shone their LIGHT at #WMIM! They turned a quaint cottage into a Goddess Cove! Subscribe to their list for goodies!
lol yeah , i was crackin up for a while .
Today I discovered awesome women thanks to : and
Tornadoes in DFW. Friend said, "I haven't spent this much time in the bathroom since the last time my mother made her chicken spaghetti."
This day...fucking sucks. I just love being ignored. Not.
My gastrointestinal system is experiencing discomfort
It's my guess that we (fellow Twitter people) share similar tastes in rock music like Bon Jovi, Springsteen & Aerosmith. Rock on ;)
DOES THIS GET YOUR ATTENTION!?!? GOODNIGHT! I LOVE YOU!!!<3
#plone trac currently has ~300 less active tickets than a month ago. Let's keep going!
I just noticed how awkward hugging is when you have boobs and hug another girl with boobs.
Unconventionally working in my pajamas... at least for the moment.
Actually, it means HE can run any country while US Prez. Will probably start w/Canada, as Mexico has 2 many Mexicans.
I'm at the bar, come out and say hi to ur customers!
Aint that the truth nigas be lettin the devil use them
SWEET CHEESUS LORD HAVE MERCY SKDJDJDJDKDNDJBDIDND
weird you didn't DM me ):
now i have to go get gas and fail this dumb AP test with a bruised ankle
I say what I think if anyone takes it personally they must be guilty - if the shoe fits feel free to wear it (;
Just watched the original Star Wars with my 6-year-old son. He loved it!! That is why it will always be the best...it's timeless!
Making balloon animals and painting faces could be your job! Also, some of us (me) may require a babysitter/lifecoach on tour.
Squirrel!! Lmao...that gets me every single time. Anyone who's ever seen the movie UP knows what I'm talking about.
Celtics will kill you Philly..
now you're just somebody that i used to know.
Gentrification on a global level? Can't even stop it at a local level. Sad but true....organize, prepare, be aware I guess.
TRUE BEAUTY IS SO NOT COMLICATED.
Flight delays = streaming Charlie Murphy: I Will Not Apologize on netflix
the place for you to be is at the NHL Awards Show in Vegas next week.
Yummy food, that's what I'm dipping! Especially the s'mores choc, good stuff!
what the fuck? You are making me crazy, girl! Reveal, reveal. Tell all.
can't complain either. Working and photography 24/7 keeping myself busy
HBOs slogan is "Go Deeper." My first thought, "That's what she said."
it's freaking hard. That's why I get so pissed!! Hoes.
i myself worry that the media isn't doing enough to turn my kids into mindless consumers
If that's the case, then I assume thinks Philip Humberto is the best pitcher in
Getting ready to head to the hearing for former dance instructor DJ Jaynes. Let's see how this goes.
Done with all accounting for the semester. Great feeling
I wok up an emotional wreck.
I don't think anyone knew his name - just Candyman!
thanks love
problem solved!! :)
wait have we discussed how that is one of the all-time faves of and I?! Ann Bancroft, FTW. I cry every time.
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends! Enjoy the Holidays, Your friends at Kells
#WhenAustin says "Welcome to Ustream" every friday. :)
Can't believe I'll be done with high school a week from today..
The fact that schools almost out and I can spend lots of time with Taylor >> .... Except,when he has baseball. Like everyday. Lol
RT : "The most important unit going forward is the community." Len Nichols
Awesome! RT : In case u were wondering, cheese survived the great blackout of 2011. Open for biz and just as cheesy as ever!
We'd love to play Seattle. Stay tuned.
what the what?!
BHO opposed same-sex marriage before he "evolved" into supporting it.
Already! I see ya homie.....RESPECT!
This muthafcka thinking I'm stupid, he must of bumped his head .
- lakers jersey with Fox on it
Merry Christmas Everyone!!! Go Celtics!!!
He's in custody, yeah yeah. But what is going to happen to those wooden step-stairs?
Let me know when it airs! RT : Just finished a fun interview with BBC radio about
fighting a cold. probably working from home - there are no snow days in e-commerce biz. :/
Only if they put it same room with Matt Dillon's hat...
Your tweets always make me laugh. :) Are you still doing pageants?? That was so fun when we did the story on you
bubba. U break that scale in the background?
Thanks for following!
Thanks, Eric! For me, writing is best taken one sentence at a time. :-)
. And then the shoes will be the reward!
Stay tuned for our MoZer Bats Baseball Trivia Question of the Day. Winner gets 2 entries into the MoZer Bats Free Bat Drawing Nov 30th.
Know the difference between failure and temporary defeat
this time for Africa?
Who wants to go to the game when you can listen to Jon Sterling and Suzan Walman while working?
Check out - a creative approach to promoting development in the "developed" world!
Funny. Maybe DeMaio was there after all, speechless.
love the pimp job the HRs man... Keep the "Get off me ball" swing hot!
Lithium atoms adhered to a graphene lattice that will produce electricity when bent, squeezed or twisted By depositing atoms on one side
Welcome big man. U were a terror in #B1G, so glad ur a terror in green & gold now RT : PACKER NATION!! No better place to be!!
Shaana Way's scores for #Rising and #Knock are done. Thom Hickey and Everett Glovier's #Rising score will be mixed tonight! -JO
I have a hot date at ikea tonight!
I am singing a love song
Traffic is a joke. A little police presence would be nice.
I'm a stockholder, & have lost over $40 p/s. RS article was accurate, despite your lame attempt @ pathetic GOP spin. @
Sorry to have missed what sounds like a great #PLA12, but super grateful takes good notes :-)
I know I asked for the full Pac NW experience, but it's been raining for 24 hours. I checked the box, Im good. Let's move on Mother Nature.
i feel god.
43 degrees in #nwi this afternoon.
what is that app called that people used on instagram and it's like $1 and you can make a mini collage of pictures?
come on stupid penalty im def gonna have a heart attack
Cut five vocal tracks for the new CD and just got back from a great run.... it was an awesome day!!
Wonderful, Sehul! How many semesters?
We're in the line up of Naperville Jazz Festival on June 18th. Great News!!!!
I actually sent this question to the SKC radio show. I think the over-confidence lies more within the fans than it does the players
Protip: When ordering a value meal from a fastfood restaurant, ask for an icee or a milkshake rather than a soda. You will never regret it.
thanks a lot :)
The #zerg player goes for a fast expansion while building #zerglings to defend himself against [
Why do I get so many emails about viagra?
"I'm against being against anything" - Anonymous
don't change the subject!!
#LetsBeReal Mavs fans you can thank your owner for getting rid of your true competitors- barea, chandler butler, and stevenson
Thanks! Still going through the list to add more..I'm cheating by looking at yours! ;)
That moment when you feel yourself drifting into the dark side.
well i made about $100 with 40 invested
sounds good!
Thanks for the RT Liz!
which beer/s did you have?
Take the love that's right for you and your life door of success opens
im really diggin it tho...i was looking at porsches and BBAM
"I'm Posted Up, Like A Thumb Tack"
Thanks for everythign, VA Beach! We're NC-bound with hearts full of health and bellies full of bagels
Oh wow....while completely searching for something different, looks like the original future wife is definitely gay
fresh italian bread, pastrami,coleslaw, tomatoes,frenchfries - tear into that bad boy.
even if no one comes tomorrow, I will still be coming, because you guys rock me so hard.
Would it be ethical to protest a 7 for 7 trade in a keeper league on principle alone? It's just silly.
Does anyone know of a livestream I can get for the USA game tonight...I'm going to be at work...
Looking forward to seeing what's new on the dinner menu, !
Who's Got Your Back event is a great opportunity to bond with your work team #wgyb thanks definitely buying the book now
I have a lot of links and references for Social Media Network analysis. Email me!
CHILDREN HAVE STRESS IN THEIR LIVES. THEY SEE EVERYTHING AND YET HAVE NOONE TO SHARE THEIR BURDEN. THINK OF THE KIDS FIRST
I'm pushing for streeter or miller. Common
Yeah screw this I'm not doing homework
Ah you changed your name back. Can't say I'm not heartbroken
I also want her to be strong, & not have a lifelong pity party bc she has it & her sibs don't. I've talked 2 a few CFers
: remembering the first day I broke down my moves for you / you learned well! enjoy your bobble head day today #gohammer RT
So UW is banning gaming in its library commons from 11:30 AM - 8 PM daily because of "numerous complaints."
miss you more... wish we were laying in bed watching Friends all day today. :(
People who put you down ....
I think it is now, site server seemed to be down for about 30 minutes, pushing out the next issue & it freaked me out a bit
today seems like a good day :D
Heading out of the office... looking forward to enjoying the sunshine!
That moment on a train to NY, when you realize you left your work badge at home in DC... Just another kick in the head on this rough morning
I wish I didn't go to bed mad every night
Whew! : nope, it was a fake. People RT'd it, but when I went to his actual timeline, it wasn't there. Had his avatar and everything.
ya uh i have nothing to say to that besides..buffalo wings.
i feel like i don't belong anywhere. i don't fit in.
Soups had every bit as much salt in them then as they do now
Hard to believe these awesome shots coming out of a 2 megapixel camera! First site is [
Alera Ravino Big & Tall Series High-Back Swivel/Tilt Leather Chair ...
Does anyone have B&B recommendations for Lancaster County, PA? Preferably close to bike trails...
Joe Johnson comes through and #Hawks finally overcome the Jazz in the 4th overtime. Wow.
#youneedtositdown If you don't spay and neuter your pets!
Gorgeous Brooke!!
I just bought some shoes, and they'll take until the 5th to get here. I'm probably going to forget I ordered them, :D
Our in-house graphic artist & web designr is WONDERFUL! W/out Robyn California we couldn't have such an amzing website www.amazing-media.net
Miss you to pieces!
Maybe Aubrey Huff can become Tim Lincecum's personal catcher.
#watchme is stuck in my head...oh well...love it :)
are now TRUE "PAKALITES!!!"
Changing behaviors in patients/HCprofessionals;what works? effective education and training helps but isn't enough; interested in your view
tweeting stuff .
scratch "dead cat in trunk" off #mnleg bingo card. Never thought I'd get through entire card in these retirement speeches.
I've been trying out all night and I'm addicted. That's it. New #EMchat platform for Thursday nights!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's just like them just not as good looking
in rehearsals for an awesome new show called "Messed Up Here Tonight"
It's a beautiful day at Links of Lake Bernadette. Did you know you can come play 9 holes after 5:00 for only $10? The course looks GREAT!!!
If someone is worth your tear, they wouldn't have made you cry in the first place.
I feel like I have been sleeping all weekend. I dunno why I'm soo tired. Maybe the heat smh lol
right on sis...love you!
Robin ate yours...but looks like I'm seeing you tomorrow? :D
Like us on facebook and you could win a copy of our EP FREE!!! #LikeMeLottery Good luck
<3 u mom!": Ok my daughter has had a effect on me. Sitting at work watching Marianas trench on youtube. Can't wait for next Tuesday!"
Focus on positive happy thoughts and keep Gods word in your heart - its a battle of the mind and with God we win
one of the best wwe superstar
would be great to see proceeds go to charities too. I bet that would have been popular at
It's good to prioritize...
yes. We can help you out. www.stardesignsa.com
Delay was on MC campaign, but voters still shouldn't be silenced. VOTERS should makes decisions not bureaucrats.
That is so cute! "Eli did it" and "Coach Tom"!!!
THANKS 4 THE RT PERRY...T/F/S...
Its All illuminati RT : The Devil RT : 2011- Bieber fever 2012- One direction infection creating these viruses!
feeling major anxiety about making a few phone calls. Unemployed life has ruined my skillz....
The guy who is giving the introduction gets an introduction.
3x4 feet banner - full color for $60!!!! Ready in one day.
she was born.
Joey!!! I Love You All Equally. FOLLOW ME!!
I'm amazed you remember that old Statesman as CEO series at HBR--no one else does!
Can You Follow Amalie and I please .
I don't know my Klout score. And it's gonna stay that way. [Sticks tongue out at screen]
hope james is gettin along ok in the sunny weather. im so hopin he gets a day off soon.
aw thank you do much' you're too sweet and GORGEOUS yourself!
The thing about Ikea furniture is that you always lose one of those little screws, and then you are...screwed.
Ahh...I have to work that Sat till late!! Only have Sun and Memorial off... #$&@!!!!!!
#assnchat Looks very interesting and will try to be on schedule next time!
#confessionnight I'm really happy for but I really don't want him to move, I'm gonna miss him *cry*
Writing about economics of digital projects; had 100k visits, 1.2M pageviews in 2yrs; cost $.14/visit (sort of)
God is the captain, change your direction
My name was Brian McGee. I stayed up listening to Queen. When I was seventeen.
Time for at
Cant wait for my head to stop throbbing stupid wisdom teeth..
12 Days until Mark Twain letters exhibition opens. Preparations under way...
Is this bar in Pittsburgh?
Lady Gaga & Little Monster. This isn't just an idol and fans, this is a family. What we have is special.
have you tried almond butter yet? I know I know.... not the same...
You see that nigga Meech thats a scary sight
Kentucky Vs Kansas. Who do you have winning it all?
And that's why your still in school.
Chapter 2012 Page 57 of 366 DIY is so overrated! Hiring the help you need...priceless!
And you, O Bethlehem in the land of Judah, are not least among the ruling cities of Judah, for a ruler will come from you who will be the
next Star Trek movie is scheduled for release in June 2012
i love you! <3 you are the most beautiful, stunning, amazingly funny girl i have ever met! Love, Cody! <3
lately you've been mad sensitive Don't take things so personally Clive the world doesn't revolve around you- lmao
I always thought it would make more sense for In-N-Out to make hot dogs.
En route to Madison for the #2012FOISummit this weekend. Get your #transparency on.
Promo tonight New Malibu Red... sounds yummy if only I were allowed to sample ; )...
Well hello there.
"Heavy thoughts bring on physical maladies; when the soul is oppressed so is the body." ~Martin Luther DON'T UNDERESTIMATE HAPPY THOUGHTS ;)
you dont never hear him thankin dj drama
3 more papers =( a final and a presentation. but i got this! just a walk in the park
Quit drinking soda a few days ago and was doing so well until I opened the garage fridge and had Mountain Dew taunting me...DAMNIT!!
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitably bring about right results. www.hairinthecity.me
more of cheap beer bad food town.
When I'm sad, you always manage to find a way to cheer me up <3
If you dont want me then dont talk to me, go ahead and free youself
I get that tingley feeling whenever #101.5 plays my 3 favorite songs in a row! It's #magic!!
No Voter ID in TX Action today at Sheraton Houston Brookhollow, 3000 North Loop West, 4pm
would you like to come with us next time?
this time I'm Delta, they've never let me down before. LOVE Virgin Atlantic too.
Goodnight People......
V. Gray: other cities should envy us because we $1.1B in the bank. SO WHY ARE WE CUTTING SCHOOL FUNDING?!?!?
Musical is over. Sitting in my bed reminiscing :) <3 <3 <3
Thank You! And we're blessed to live in one of the best places on earth...South Florida! Shine On!
Tomorrow, I'm meeting with Aireul at CTC at 4. Think you can make it? (:
LOL! Hopefully, you aced them!
The sun is up, up above the clouds
I hope so.
z pack and steroid injection
Apologies for the premature 16 August 1849 tweet. I am not used to this 21st century technology!
I bet that's "kimchi" : craving kimuchi ramen so badly.
"10 minutes" is generic term for "whenever" RT: have you noticed it only delays service by ten minutes? Every single time?
At the gym getting this workout on
4 yr old flushed his tranformer underwear down toilet - was the movie really that bad?
Gotta keep the #PositiveReinforcement going :-)
don't mock me
Can you recommend any freelance community managers in Chicago? Have a nonprofit client with a great project.
came home on lunch and got to see #brewers maysonette hit grand slam.
smoking, pedicures, coffee, and heroin
first tweet in three days
I decided to get a Cuba libre instead of dinner.
yeah buddy yeah buddy! Did I ever tell u HAPPY BRITHDAY!
Here's to the Directioners who weren't here in the beginning, but will be here supporting them till the end.
Teeth kill.... I swear the day I get my braces off. I'll be the happiest girl on this planet!
oh that gets no response back on the txt side and a dial tone on the phone lol just me
If you find a path without obstacles, it probably doesn't lead to anywhere ~ ANON~ I LOVE THIS don't run away from the Struggle!
We're asking the top 100 DJ's around the globe to check out #AMP. If you love music check these DJ's out. They are the best of the best.
u friends with or do you despise him. #justcuriouse that dejavu shit u cant fuck with though.
LOL, they're a favorite here too! RT : there will be squealing over the journals with the scooter riding dogs.
awarded a $10,000 scholarship today for getting a GPA better than 3.0 cumulative all 4 years of high school
my really good friends name is Kaitlyn! Mine is Bridget
Yeah, at least one fatality.
How's it going cousin?
if you're lucky you might end up with a mug & a magnet.
what's the link?
In social studies long classes today.... And MAPS testing ewwww..
This Weeks Deal! 5000-4x6 Two-sided full color Fliers @ $185.00 + tax! Call me I will be answering phones all day!(*_*)
- Sunflower of course.
Gary- the frogs and some other samples will ship today Kevin
Make Huge Profits Selling Air Fresher -JustSmellSoGood.com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
There's a #fatburger in Vancouver?! O_o Ice Cube is now playing on repeat in my head.
or they could also be lying through their teeth to impress the girl! Think thats possible?
Thank you for tweeting my blog post!
If she never used MSN instant messenger
Move your brightest/most energetic students around the classroom to provide a catalytic effect for their classmates - a bit of rubbing off.
Ayyyeeeooooo (: Follow me . . .
Alright so we all joked about wearing Camo last year to prom, but this kid actually did it.
That's the plan. Thanks. :)
Same old shit just a different day!
awh thank you
dinner soon! Im heading to Louisville for the weekend. Ahaha, your guess is as good as mine :p
YAY! I got mail today! What was it? It was the things that I ordered from and his store!! FINALLY<3
whatever u want :-)
Truth RT : Google's 'the web is what you make of it' tv ads are the new Hallmark ads. I'm always tearing up.
?4: did u ever pay sum one to date u
Trains is fun a little.
Amen to you Danny...Amen!
Give your trees a drink! Whenever the snow melts and temperatures rise above freezing for a few days, water just as you would in summer.
dang... Well hopefully you'll be able to soon :)
follow me? :)
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope you're wearing green so you don't get pinched
Come down to the #MKEairshow & visit the tent & say hi! While your at it, snap a pic of the famous !
Archie comics have done gay weddings and multicultural marriage. Audience show of hands showed more Veronica fans than Betty.
Good thing Mazzaro is still in A. Wait.......
ok boss. i was going to say i like how u reason until that last line. it sounded like a mad black woman line.
#kony2012 spread the word. Light up the darkness. Together we can make a big change for the better of this world.
U kno its cold when ur girl opens her legs and the heater kicks on...
RT : The most troubling aspect of the Romney bullying incident is that he forgot about it.
RT : Why does nobody love me?
Great trip to CT despite last minute icky weather. Making mac and cheese for dinner while listening to ice pelt the house.
PowerOfStory note 5/6: use what you don't show/say
me encanta la idea
Resend it. It was the one you said I wouldn't like
i just barked at the pizza guy
those fags def video taped that haha
I think that's a rape whistle on her hip
an open mind is like a sponge:)
looking forward to the coverage of with playing at the house of blues boston this friday!
Any cinco de mayo festivities we should know about??
ya know what? Think i will as well, while I wait for servers to be fixed. At least listen while I lay in the sun :D
Curb appeal great? Then dont let the front door be a turn-off. Make the door bell ring, clean the cob webs, and say WELCOME HOME to buyers.
chilln, how was your day
Never been more nervous about a Bucks game.
Are your legs tired? Because you've been chained to that treadmill for sixteen hours.
devil's in the details: & Amy Jones will discuss little HR slips that cause big problems at 's
I sure will!! Thank u...he'll appreciate that one!! :-)
Thanks for coming to Milwaukee! Meeting you at the Pabst made my trip home the best ever!
So everytime Chicago has their gay parade, imma make a sign with pics of Larry, Niam, Zouis and LiLo
On a happier note tho... Happy mothers day to u! I hope u and lil miss queenie have an amazing day! :)
nice meeting you too!
Just some friendly jabbing on gameday. See you tonight!
I beg to differ. I thought 's All Caps personal request to check her profile was pretty heartfelt and personal.
Tomorrow @ 6pm Bounce TV, ch. 115, Cox New Orleans, will start a Soul Train marathon honoring Don Cornelius, beginning w/1st show.
thank you for the RT!
the premise that wisco state retirees are coming back to work despite 'comfortable retirement' b/c of pension is illogical
Man knows how to take care of it's employees I want to ride the double decker gbus
sounds right to me
Fun celeb sighting this am:Felicity Huffman and William Macy
SHe fine she mine ask her w ass t size she wur she'll tell u 9
I respect how u rep ur team sis
is at work. What a busy night! Doesn't like that isn't up front! Not liking the arrangements on Friday nights anymore haha
- Rodgers is just ridiculous though - he's good for 30pts every game. Tebow had only 6pts till 3 mins in the 4th. here I come 1-6
Welcome "anna's big sis"! :D R U Joining SpreeCast Chat 2night!! Registration starts 2night!
seriously you look gorgeous in the picture.
Thinking about buying refurbished Macbook Air. Anyone have experience with Apple refurbished products?
Guilty, but I'm closing in on Act 3 - will easily have a polished final draft by the time Carson reaches that point.
So, what do you need out zip codes for?
Awesome! Enjoy the new jacket and hope it keeps you warm over there :)
Go for the gold and don't let up till ya get it.
Going to QBar to night to plan out the awesome food and drink specials we're going to have from all of you. Gonna to be GOD!
Urban Tour Host Suggests: Shantal's Lounge, Liberty City -Wed- Sun BBQ, Potatoe Salad, Conch Salad- Try it !
Did I really just get a DM saying "let's get it on"? Um, yea....
Yes! It was really great. The new dinosaur hall is incredible!
its all over now, thankfully!
Thanks luv RT : Happy Bday to da best =) Hope u really are having an awesome day Wish I was there 2 celebrate w ya
Going to be a good finish to / If Milwaukee wins, they'll be 1 game back of for 8 seed in the Eastern Conference.
That is pretty amazing. Austin is usually such a nice place.
Whenever I can't find something it just magically appears when my mom looks for it. -__-
RETWEET IF YOU NEED SOME FOLLOWERS I CAN HELP
Haha, good! I bet you make terrible cookies! (:
damn im blowed.....
yeah shyanne used it
looking at moving it to tomorrow early evening because of the weather. I will give you a call tomorrow.
Sometimes I hate being a responsible adult. Just sometimes
Going back to sleep...hopefully my dreams will be better this time
I hope I pass the welding tests and ASE tests soon. So I can buy thing for her, I mean for myself. Single life!!!!
I love being massaged. It's like sex to me. Except I already like sex ... I think I need a new analogy... o.O
I can't deal with the word "Masseur" like seriously.
Cause when you're done with this world, you know the next is up to you.
Some people take things way to seriously ps who the hell is Jasper hello temptation how dose he always get my number :-)
Happy Turkey Day!!!!!
Wish I could make it out to the Drawing opening, but see you on Sat at 1PM.Best wishes on a great show!
Well looks like the same ol song and dance in Newark...devils swarming
College Night Thursday WEST(4500 west ave) $3 U CALL IT! Ladies & College FREE b4 11. 18&up welcome! Get at me 4 more info:
Peyton Hillis is looking worse and worse with these bizarre stories of late. He needs to clarify this agent/retirement situation ASAP...
Smh feel like punching a wall ugh
Man you wasn't wit me sitting in the gym!!! (Drake voice) LOL!!!
because they are medicated...
"Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled 'This could change your life'." -- Helen Exley
#worstmovietitles "S" ... I'm guessing it's about snakes? lmfao!
James mom is so mean.... Kinda.
Still can't believe I met one of my fav LA artists, the oh-so-charming Mark Bradford tonight.
Happy Birthday to me!!
GOD BLESS AMERICA
#NowWatching Horrible Bosses
He conquers who endures.
Hey, tweetfind.com has some free tools that can help you unfollow who is not following you and follow who is. games suck!
Why??? He is our worst reliever....
It ain't Krav is someone doesn't get kicked in the nuts (according to my Krav teacher).
I thank everyone that is praying for me, the devil wants me destroyed, but the angels have my back.
I get my raise next week aw yeah (Pauly D v)
Press pass . let me know what else you are planning to see this week. maybe we will meet up again
Ten Athletes w/ Type 1 #Diabetes Will Run 3,000 Miles from Oceanside, CA to NYC bit.ly/nbqa8Q
#Weightloss by tracking your every day calories! Works for me! Check out the
Ok let it out honey, let it out.... Miss u.
You're welcome! :)
What was your favorite show you went to see us for this 2011? Who do you want to see us play with in 2012!?
His hands used to be calloused..Since he hasn't lifted in months (and he could never grab rim) his hands r soft
After 2 innings, Century and Mayo tied at 3-all. Brown gave up an earned run in the 2nd. He has 4 Ks.
I def gonna buy some of ur mezuzahs 4 my mom's house ....Really love ur designs !!!
That's a couple years off my life then. And a few more from now till next Monday surely.
you to
I really hate hospitals >. <
More $ on my check then figured #winning definitely goin DT for the #Indians game tonight! Cuttin it close tho
": Nobody? Oh okay, kool..." Man dats fucced up, i don't know u but I got u:-) wat u want for Christmas?
S/o Real Nigga!!
BUY 1, GET 1 FREE! GREAT PROMO FOR DIEGO AMADOR, ONLY FOR TODAY!
wonders honestly if Jim Nabors kicked the bucket!test ifttt
Fanbase would certainly approve. RT : Todd McShay's latest mock draft has Russell Wilson going to the Packers in the 4th round.
Groupies I like u let's have mind sex it works
It's almost May 15th((: #ThroughSInAndSelfDestruction AA<3 !! && Uhmm really stoked for the new MIW album, think it's called "Infamous"
I'm sure it doesn't seem like it to you but that seemed like it went fast. Enjoy your last week and safe travels!
HAPPY Hump DAY people!
better fit "ho ho hopefully" into their setlist on December 10th. :'D
": #AstrologyFacts #Geminis will usually find a way to shine, since anything else is unbearable for their ego."
Good stuff. Thanks. I might have to check that out. =)
The premier league is close to being sent home early in the champions league..
Fred Couples in the lead at #themasters There's nothing like working, watching golf and drinking manmosas!
Doesn't seem like any one has really laid a glove on Romney - Doesn't seem this debate will move any polls
My real friends never hearin from me
Gay is Okay
Dying inside but outside looking fearless ~
It's funny how when I know you don't follow me, I rarely star your tweets... well funny to me!
I've cut back a bit on social media due to the demands inherent in a new role. Been at it 4 years though &find it valuable
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
KRod...ouch. That sucks.
#spurs what a great fit for you but disappointed you're no longer in Portland! Miss #towel #enthusiasm and #3goggles big time.
has been awesome so far!
Everyday I wake up her pillow fill wit make up and dat happens every week after she get a nut!
#MyPastRelationships have sucked but i don't regret them because they showed me how fucked up people act in a relationship.
Home cooked meal turned out Nice! I will start cooking more gourmet meals..
Why does ICON get hack? It's only a dance website.___.
Need some last minute supplies for the weekend? We're open until 4pm today, come on in!
Not an uplifting morning listening to Guy called in to Divorce his wife on the radio...
home sick :(
No other college basketball team has more heart than Baylor. Great Win Boys
Blaming teachers for failing schools is easy because teachers' backs are against the wall.
That moment when doesn't text you back and leaves you all alone
Just ordered 2 Responsive Design Sketchbooks from
*tear* I want to thank not only god but Jesus for the day I followed you :')
whenever bro I'm down for whenever
many thanks for the response.
:( Ouch!!! Stupid iPhone elbow! :) I'm sorry you have that pain, I think I'm developing it too. I copy you a lot don't I?
Bar-b-q and beans<3
$20 that Kobe does not get his sixth ring this year!!!
The mavericks stole one in L.A now I know that the mavs are going to win the series RT
Who is this kid? #dwts I am going to love this season!
"Go clean your room." I already did. "I'm checking it!" NO! WAIT!
SmartGuy.com has created an online template for us to succeed in business in ANY Economy! >>> www.smartguy.com/profile/pro/webpromotion
lmao you black! :)
brutal stuff
Meant "still 5 years from now." Already a budding rivalry,
New Mantra: Embrace simplicity. Let the truth of craft, the realness of humanity shine.
Calling all Honeywell security installers! We can save you money on equipment and help you build your business. Call us at 866.364.0030
or "chocolate" or "cookies" RT : I forget -- does the "C" in JISC stand for "cake" or "cats"?
And THANKS! :) There is also a GLBTQ Friendly Merengue Lesson. We'll be promoting on Homo Radio this Sunday Jan 1st!
i thought only old ppl eat their cereal that way :\ not calling you old tho! Lol
wow thanks for the code!
My kid came home with her 1st note from the teacher..I'll read it after the boys play. Go Cowboys!!
- Aww, thanks for the kind words. Best to you on this beautiful Friday! Have a great weekend!
RT : Any available free agents you think the #Chargers should go after?
Special shoutouts to all the overseas customers!
Going to a cookie swap this year, but not much of a baker?!? Let do the work & you can take all the credit!! 312-545-0951
#YouLookRealStupid when you look like me.
and this is why I think everyone should follow u! #awesome if u r a biz in #pdx - get your "cake"
I can cat daddy better than all of you!!!
Ok, who made coffee?
Yeah, I don't wanna go to El Paso now kinda... full of sluts and I don't wanna start shit.
I am thinking about it! Do you know who is doing the history of photography talk, by chance?!
Fellow #screenwriters: Suggestions for the BEST #screenwriting books? Have a few, but seeking opinions. Teaching screenwriting this fall.
Its Latin night at Dance Bethesda today. Latin fitness with Michael R Rye at 7pm and Salsa at 8pm. See you tonight!
Buggy said she is scared to go alone with pappa because she will sleep alone in that big scary house! lol
Today is National Joe Day, honoring anyone named Joe. - So Hello all the #Joe of the Twitterworld!
yeah me too!
Just pre-ordered you book! Looking forward to it!
lines tonight: liverpool evens, chelsea -130. as expected, no prop bets to be found.
crew LOVE
Thank you for the RT.
- Sounds good. I got your email. I will hit you back.
Spring can't come soon enough!
Summer Short Courses have come to an end. Our Fall schedule will be up Tuesday. Enjoy your time between now and the start of the semester!
Hiphop lyrics on my mind: "I'm not sayin I'm Nas here, I'm just sayin rap's dead when I'm not here." The Crazy by
way to go on your bike ride!
how do you "pocket resign" in words with friends.
funny how people don't wanna come around til the music starts rollin..
I WANT THAT #EPIPHONEACOUSTIC SIGNED BY
work, work, work...
WON the softball game she played in and is now out w/ the team. :D
Next trip Miami June,7 b day weekend bash
Another Google Play email, another sale on Jay-Z, Kanye, Rihanna and Coldplay.
argues Collins amendment to restrict #BoilerMACT will result in 8100 premature deaths & 400k lost work days
y did u break up with him??
's internet is up & running - no problems! Hope to see you soon!
bye -Thomas
Luv It.....U damn rite am dancing to this #BOSS BITCH
WOW! I'm just listening and waiting for you to poke your eyes out!
I need an extra battery
haha. They'll still be on FSN if you want to get your fix
If you ladies are looking for some arm candy, I've got plenty of Kit Kats tucked in this shoulder holster
BORED AS FUCK
loool I didn't get it till I had said it aloud and my friend was like what at jerry? Lolololol
Ok..mom driving me home...I don't know how people function on valium..
good to see you last night at
Happy St. Patricks Day tweeps, don't forget to wear your "Green" Bay Packers green today!! ;-)
Now it's time to drink.
Thank you for visiting The Lube!
Just saw at taco bell! :P
It is always so astonishing when you come across a bad movie and imagine the millions spent on a poorly done story. You just wonder what if
Anoyher R.I.P. to Scoob from 101.1 the Beat here in Nashville. We miss you homie, we fill pain & emptyness inside!!
That sounds amazing! You should do it. When is it? I want to too!
#megabus RT : Just wanted to let everybody I'm sitting in first class. It's Greyhound, but still.
Ellie Mae Announces Participation at Upcoming Investor Conferences
what you mean
Madison City government- please fix the roller coaster ride that is University Ave
I recently read a novel that was full of 4+ dot ellipses. It was painful. Yet hilarious. Though it wasn't supposed to be.
#SHA2012 On road from St. Louis, what's this about Nor'Easters inbound to Baltimore?
cleans. I don't like cleaning. :)
You are welcome. Best of luck in your PR career.
yea I kno
Bounced back and pitched well
*wipes crust out my eyes* good mornin' :D
Damn you and your ways.
Sawdust Symphony tomorrow night at VIA! Show's at 7:30. All ages. No cover. Get down here for some amazing gypsy jazz!
RT : I do but I'm assuming this is another Bri < yea nah another one. lol
More like a realist. Lombardi just said game over too. #packers RT : Guess not. RT : i guess your not a fan
Thx, its been a very fun Friday!
I LOVE YOU!
Mumford and Sons' "Sigh No More" is easily the best album I've heard in the past five years.
Thanks a lot! It's going through the editing process right now!
Anyone wanna give me a reality check? Because I'm floating on a cloud right about now.
I havent told him exactly what i heard I just told him I heard something abt him
Wait, actual Cheap Trick -- not the Cheap Trick Experience?!
Well I can wait.
No weapon can sever the soul from me.
True. But if the government seeks creative ways to make money i'd add a video arcade to occupy the screaming kids.
Join my chat:D woo.
Let's see if the caps can actually win ONE game tonight! Pitt won 3 against TB!
In Your Trap, I am a more
looked for 20 min for article and couldn't find it - then realized he'd said "jewelry" not "jury"
I Want to Fucking Party and Get Fucked Up Man.
Have any of you seen Man of the Century? It's phenomenal!
your not alone, many others agree with you,including me.
I'm grilling tonight steaks, poke chops, Italian sausages and then ima turn up on this drink.
My pleasure and thanks for following back. :)
I think I have date soon. (at least I think so)
I love me some sody pop!
i know what you talkin about. I think ima just have ruff sex or walk for like a hr after the bbyshower
you and I both!
I have a new found respect for the athleticism of strippers.....not the profession but fitness level.
I'm religiously confused... o.e
Sigh ... Ive been awake since 4am ... might as well go ahead & get workout done huh?
Anyone have any experience with using glue in their mouth?
"Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you really are." - Bernice Reagon
I can't even rub 2 pennies together. Smh.
You do this super cute thing where you dont respond to my texts for hours. Adorable.
i followed please follow bak
I'm kinda excited to see Rihannas acting skills in Battleship. Even if the movie looks a little stupid & transformers wannabe.
#BTRMagazine Us Rushers Definitely Need It!! We Can Never Get Enough BTR!!(: <3 1D Doesn't Have Anything On Our Boys!(; <3 <3
Just saw "Stick Fly" on Broadway...excellent! Official opening night is Thurs - check it out.
move to NYC!
Thank you Suzy. Wishes come true with UNITY! take a peek someday! Thanks again have a great day!
Im getting pretty hungry ..
Follow My New Page .! :)
What I would do to be in his embrace again...
Nialler , Come On Please (: #NiallFollowNarniaNeeds1D xD it would make her life im sure !
Dub stepping my way to
Retweet if you like food, music, the computer, Cody Simpson, and the Hunger Games. We can be friends.
Re time machine, you'd think he could pick up his passenger instead of making him go all the way to Decatur.
Half wit Mitt Romney knows how to pump and dump businesses. How does that make him a potential leader of the free world?
We are just a wet dream in a web scene
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did he would cease to be an artist. - Oscar Wilde
Any special occasion why you're in vegas?
Just saw Addai signed with Pats. Steal for NE. Pats fans gonna get so much more than they realize/expect.
I agree!! RT : Smh don't apologize to that hater
You don't know my grief
"The crisis of public higher ed has its roots in the contempt for scholarship you condone." Exactly, cc
People try to change thier environment & friends but sometimes it just boils down to them!!!
In my mind I'm playing lawn darts with baby unicorns. Or something.
It's Beer Fight Day! We got one ticket left! Who's the lucky beer geek gonna be?
How will we prevent cheating if we allow students to do work and take tests with pencils?
The weekend is finally here! Anything goin on around LA?
please do.
Up early, listening to Rocko - Snakes
Yes. Good. It better be a bike... You tease.
Lonnie Bunch: Museums are very special places for wonder, discovery, and transformation.
Cube Tube.
Final Four Friday. Early morning wake-up and off to Reliant Stadium.
THEY GAVE AWAY A STARTING POINT GUARD!!!! (sure, just, you know, not a GOOD starting point guard).
Dear God is that the temperature or an FM radio station??????
I wonder does know my birthday next Thursday
#LinkedInTips: Make your profile interesting, rather than just factual. Add your interests and make post updates.
A true friend will never get tired of listening to your problems over and over again. :) <3
Wise ppl do not waste their time, ideas, or precious words on those who refuse to listen, reflect, analyze, evaluate, or apply principles!
I LOVE SO MUCH YOU GUYS HAVE NO CLUE.
Which do you think is more relevant to you? Curated recommendations, automated personalization, popularity lists, or the random discovery?
Thanks to you in Australia for putting together green screen video with your yr2 & sending to my students in Philadelphia.
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled Ham & Swiss on rye with a cup of soup....$6.95
wow! looks like such a fun program! Great activities!
Boy do time flys (its suppose to be when you're having fun). . . .but I was bored ----> o.0 lol"
At too much pizza at once.
AND ITS ON..GN
Were can i send my info
You ready? Our brackets need this.
there are some companies that already offer that but they're lame. An exchange and sharepoint expert can set up the same thing
Happy Friday everyone :) enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend!
8:21. Just arrived at Spence Farm. The sun is a shining and the winds a blowing!!!
Mitsubishi eclipse(:
muslim beliefs
off topic but nice septum :)
as I sit here at this awards show, I'm reminded of how my last day with you was my first day with
JUSTIN BIEBER ON EVERY ATL RADIO STATION Q100 interview.. 105.7 talking about the album and preformance last night.. BIEBER DAYY
Spring break is coming up, its the perfect time to schedule your senior photo shoot! Contact us for details!
Found you hiding out in the moshpit at #etgaga - you shouldn't have been crowd surfing so violently.
Prescriptive training may consist of instructions, criteria, or conditions of evaluation.~D
Awesome, thanks so much, Joey! Copying so Rebecca knows about your offer too. :)
judger mode, automatic reactions, blame focused, win-lose relation (Adams)
I've been up since 2 tf is my problem
I learned from that I am part of the 3.3% U.S. Salvadoran population that makes up the overall U.S. Latino population.
Brain and spinal cord injuries discussed on HealthyMatters 730 AM Sunday morning. Call or text your questions!
Jada: david youre stupid, you dont know how to read. David ignores her and keeps reading Jada: im kidding, youre not stupid okay?
We love that has brought back "Brews With A View" on the roof with a keg of beer and live music! From 6:00-8:00pm & cost is $10.
For whatever reason, I feel I need to now use twitter even more.
it's good!
do the 'Skins know what they are doing? trade the future away and franchise a player who was suspended 4games.
Thanks for that! Lol
I mean, I thought there was a book in your newest post that had to do with marketing.
Joy is what happens when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. Marianne Williamson
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say Watch me.
Bout to get buck in here
Before you slip into unconsciousness I'd like to have another kiss
just wait. I got an 8 minute joint on the next one
well i think u sshould get back on it my nigga miss ya kandyce! A lil lol jk
please shoot me a pix of you in the jumper...so I can see my handy work..lol
I'm currently looking at the 350Z NISMO S-tune in
Wendy's should sponsor my mom's cooking ability
Thanks twitter for unfollowing people I want to follow and weirdly following people I would rather see play in traffic!
Everybody out there have a good weekend?
I get nervous when my computer asks me if I "want to make these changes" to a document that I didn't change. WTF is up with that?
I'm pretty sure if people saw the way I act when I'm alone with my dog they would never be able to take me seriously again.
Naz Habitat for Humanity general club meeting tomorrow (Tues) from 7-8 in the 1924 Room - find out more about how you can get involved.
AGREED. they have (had?) a sour cherry stout that was fantasic
Bears take S Carolina WR Alshon Jeffery
Google+ makeover is much more than a pretty face
lovin the show - love the time period - love the guests - but of course the best part is YOU, just you being you!!!
Mexico?? wtf they gone do there hmm we gonee see
How do you think others experience you?
Evans will not support the motion. He thinks they should talk about it more first.
This should be interesting. I have noticed a few new changes in the last couple of days on my profile.
one of the stars channels!
I will take another love scene!
that argument would have been awesome on HBO
Good morning everybody
actually, you should make the picture, not take it.
Its Fathers Day! Gutter Cleaning only 50 cents a foot. Today only!! Allentown, PA Area only
I don't get why Zuch couldn't come to NYC for anouncement of massive new offices. The mayor and US Senator came?
349: Thank God THAT'S over. (But I am pretty grateful to work with a team full of awesome.)
that is great! Thanx
they look good!
Marino? Farve? Young? Aikmen? Montana? Trust me, I am not basing this on my opinion or emotion, but history, stats, facts.
Thank you for the RT! I've moved so many times I don't know if it's fun or depressing!
thanks, sponsors bit.ly/odcufi Still looking for more. Attendee registration is open as well bit.ly/oH0LAT.
I don't think so. If he did he would understand that capitalism depends on imperialism.
sure thing
ME AND LYRIC IS ON THE GROWN CRAKKIN UP LAUGHIN
Do not feel like goin in today
looks like the worst of the weather is going either side of IH-35 corridor, is that what y'all are being told to expect?
"Well done is better than well said"
Tom Petty was right, man...waiting IS the hardest part.
#occupysd occupiers criticizing jounos for parachuting in and running out w/out getting full story at meeting.
just sent! Please confirm you received, it's a large file!
Scared for tomorrow..
i sure am!
Lovely someone's Close by is firing a gun.
Hey you get that gig woman, make sure Im there to film ya!!!!! Im free lmao.
#forreally RT : RT : Life is either a darling adventure or it is nothing at all. -Helen Keller
so true so true
We just rolled out our global sim and it covers Nicaragua. Would luv to keep you connected and have u try it out!
Good luck to pageant student Sarah competing today in America's True Beauties:)
Big congrats to and on their recent acquisition. Best of luck as you both venture into your next
apparently with both the Sabres and Bruins cup hopes
I Really Hate That Keyboards Got The "E" Rite Nex To The "W" Cause I Be Texin "Hoe" Insted Of "How" Sometimes....Smh My Bad Lol
I always introduce a hatin ass nigga with my middle finger. Get well acquainted.
I think his middle name is Edward not Fucking. Just saying..
5 whole minutes?? Oh Don. You romantic
it needs work, but I also wrote a 7500 word paper this semester about bots, their power, and bot development frameworks
I loved that commercial and my 12" PowerBook!
you don't drink
game tonight. Have a safe flight to Phoenix.
weights today?
alas, i do not who. Great article though--we should've invited you as a third speaker!
I have 20$ who wants it!
Seeing lots of neat tools today including #audacity & !
yeah it really is. Remember when we were cleaning the cabins and watching it while eating all the leftovers. Good times.
hefty won't protect odors?
treat employee bloggers like media, keep them updated and informed on firms news and achievements
"Not even slightly interested in what ya opinion is I gotta greater purpose than a hater purpose"
Never Say Never is the only thing thats not letting me give up. iloveyou (: THANKYOU.
Blow Out T-Shirt SALE
& 76ers, but I guess none of those are named after 'a number' per se, they just have a number...what are we talking about?
Might be running into a brief traffic surge. How long have things been 'slow going'?
Spring Special -> Wednesday's 18 holes with cart $18. Open Wednesday nights with Prime Rib Special. Call 608.776.3377 for more details.
I still think its YOUR MUM!
I hate girls like that so mucccchhhh. Don't blame every guy for being an asshole just because you have shitty taste.
I could be wrong, but anything Nick Cave plays a role in is bound to greatness! (Although it is fantastic in all)
Feeling I'm about to sabotage myself tonight ...
Bynum don't jump please - KD
I miss you, too, Roger.
Alright, I haven't been around my computer for the past 7 days...Is there anything new on the internet?
how sick?
Do you have any questions for our panelists? Gina is talking about "Blogging while Brown" DMIS
Paul Nauert is all over the place tonight (for both #Rays and #As) and it's only the second inning.
I guess that I am afraid to lose what I know about me and you
Cami! My bad...How's Friday? Looking forward!
he did turn Rich Gannon from shit to star.
Q#42 Answer is...D!
wait for the iPhone. An iPhone is an iPod touch with cellular capabilities.
WOW. I really read that wrong when I first glanced at that....
the only screamo band I like is Black Veil Brides, rest of it is rubbish!
Hopefully, not RaeLynn!
why don't u like 50??
IS IT EASIER TO GIVE OR RECEIVE?????
you know that was for me dude. Our late night comedy sessions are the shit xD
this is stupid. get on with the game. nobody cares about these kids.
Pinching self. Midway thru 10 mile run, worked in 200m repeats down to 6:49 pace. Hell yes.
I enjoy those days when I realize the people around me are quite smart.
#Pella 350 Series made the Top 100 list to be out in Nov issue! Call me 2 find out who's and Y #Doors #Windows #Albuquerque 505-225-5538
ughh . twitter is acting up:/ have to tweet by txt , somone tweet me ,maybe?im bored
porfis follow me back
I hate country but listening to my friends sing it, makes me enjoy it a little more.
Just finished listening to Dr. Steve Perry talk about the importance of making a difference in students' lives.
no plans for Thanksgiving or don't want to spend TOO much time with your lovely family?? well..We'll be open at 5 pm on Burbank!
Hey man check out some of the men's stuff by Native Son in the gallery section of my website!
Omg. Same here! They look so different!
Woke up feeling awful. Took the morning off from work. @ my desk now. Department meeting this afternoon. OutMusic open mic tonight!
Make your smaile change the world but dont let the world change your smile.
LOL fo sho but he did his time now he workn i shouldve put him on cs bk then would b gettn a check now
Sweating from a two mile jog...
says Janet Jackson is rocking the pandora
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time around. You are your network." Smart stuff
You're welcome, God bless!
I just unfollowed right back.
Blessings to you & yours enjoy your day!
natelasko is grateful to be able to spend the last day with my two beautiful and amazing daughters! love you princesses xoxo
Sometimes we take chances, sometimes we take pills(Yay happy pills!)
it was so great to meet you too, and ditto! does not lie - you are fabulous!
thx 4 posting! FYI that tweet cant b seen by all yr followers,unless they follow us, u'd have 2 put "." or "-" in the beginning
that's awful funny because I heard the EXACT same thing about Ryan Adams!
Heading to to open for see you there!!
No More Country on &#39;Idol,&#39; but a Soul Powerhouse Emerges
GIrly you dont even wanna know what happened !
omg lol the men in Spain are so hot..I haveny seen that many in France..a few. Omg shes pissing me off lol I can't wait to tell
Come by and say hello to our guest tattoo artist Kai from California!
they're not...unfortunately the picture on the bag doesn't match the taste...
...having major issues with my internet connection.
Very clever of to partner with Angry Birds. Really hope kids find it inspiring (at the least get a visceral sense of gravity)
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
#ManCity wins the Premiership. Incredible drama. This is the power of sport! Unbelievable.
Nixgee, did you find anything?
hope you have a good night sleep niall<3!!!
Gonna stream for us tonight?
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Hosea Ballou~ Weary the path that does not challenge. Doubt is an incentive to truth and patient inquiry leadeth the way.
Hungover from wild show at Mohawk. Thanks to Gashcat, Globster and Persian Wars.
this whole time! Fuck!
I wanted to talk to you after church tonight
college basketballs over, now it's time for college football !
Happy #stpatricksday! Come celebrate Italian-style with $3 Peronis all day long!
what about texas!!
The hardest part about starting our business was finding venues who liked good music!
So... happy b-day 2 former Wizard Calvin Booth, along w Breckin Meyer, who is "Franklin" of "Franklin & Bash" (& 2 yrs older than Booth)
Everyone else will be going to Hedo Saturday. I will be at SlutWalk DC Sat. Hedo on Sunday... when r u going?
Next year will be better cause #MileyIsComingBackBitches ;)
We appreciate our volunteers every day, but today: we're feeding them lunch! Join us in saying "thanks!"
hate when parents try to get over... and you can't say shit cause of all the other shit they did for you, which they will always bring up
RT : Fabric Scrap Bracelets: Here is a quick and easy kid fabric project that was fun for my 6 year old. I started by......
Now that the holidays are over it's time to start planning for attending SwingFest 2010 next year, don't you think?
My journal is 84 pages.
thats what I'm thinking...
are you in Krakow right now?
How many time must this same record play?
i'm going to need the clippers to beat memphis, that's it. then go ahead and lose to the spurs.
Just landed in Geneva.
Cool pal, we'll let you know when we're coming.
we just went up peak 10 a few times, didn't expect it to be half as good as it was
Evaluate all standing committees and eliminate any that do not directly and productively contribute to ALA's charge
What's your name?
Obama's "Volt economy" only barely subsists with massive federal subsidies and power. A very dangerous illusion.
we are just addicted to twitter like a fat kid is to a fat cake
: I have to go to work. Ill ttyl(:?
Has he ever asked you a random question? Like about something you would have zero knowledge on?
Boot Camp tomorrow morning!!!!!!! Wahooooooo!!!!!
Oh My goodness I Hear Prodigy ! (: I Must be Hallucinating B/c I see him and Hear His Sexy ass Voice (; ! Ahh.ustream was a good invention
Why did Ybarra incorrectly say in field sobriety test that she had been drinking at Boneheadz? "It was just a state of shock."
that girl is sooososososoooooooooooo mad
Makes sense, will check out your work. Last bit on proprioception was esp interesting; I think a lot about capturing physicality.
Don't forget to follow to get all the latest updates about our Annual Conference in June!
how do they get the letters on/off?
#DEFCON Strategic cyber security talk, IP v6 improves security by reducing anonymity. Interesting concept.
$ 495-DENIM SOFA,SECTIONALS,DINING TABLES,BEDROOM SETS, UNCREDIBEL PRICES.. HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Like a cut down tree grows new sprouts from the buried roots, our American roots are deeper than the little sprouts showing
Hey sorry I've been slacking... allergies out of control lol
How to lose weight is a journey and there are many approaches
Starting the preparations for classes back. I bought my materials and tomorrow I have to get up very early. Arrrg.
The highways jammed with broken heroes on a last chance power drive. Everybody's out on the run tonight but there's no place left to hide.
Follow us on Tweeter
Leadership Development training for a client in #OKC this morning. Talking "future & the power of unleashing their team's thinking."
I am so blessed to have great people in my life. Thanks and for a great night!
Then you'd miss ALL my shows!
Interested in attending the next #TNI tweetup 6/8-11? Hit me up for more details! $100 Special Twitter Rate at !
Damn! I wasn't prepared for that one!
Pilgrims came to America because in England, the king made a law that if you live in England you had to believe his beliefs.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DR. SEUSS!
Hey. I miss you.
9:30 and 76 degrees! Why don't you and hop in your car and come down to the big D! We can look for !
Lets go warriors!!!
how bout your favorite game
LETS GO BEFORE GRADUATION
Great day at the WTR offices - our team is putting on another Rock 'n Roll tasting tonight in Florida, we're helping out charities, our new
I want to work but can't going crazy could have bad back problem need MRI to confirm the worst possible might need to go under the knife
Don't forget to check out the Juilliard Jazz All Stars, After Hours @ Dizzy's through April 16th! www.jalc.org/dc/c_afterhours09.asp
How can we measure good?
Man, what a start by Greinke. Sure would be nice to get him a win in this half inning.
Your eyes are composed of more than 2 million working parts.
the #pens can not be stopped!!
Movie trending now in Chicago, IL : The Eagle (live updates)
now i have no Valentine
RT if you followed austin before he was verified :)
smokin hot u two
Do people really still watch American Idol? Why?
Huge talent and skill gap between Pedraza and Garcia. Garcia has a helluva lot of heart.
Very true. I hope to move a manuscript by the end of the summer. A little anxious because it will be my first.
RT #Affirm - Yesterday was the last day of my old Life, today I'm gunna do whatever I like. I'm free, free, free!!!
Q6 read the books. good exposure for erotic lit. found issue with the story and characters but don't ban!
Who's running the Richard S. Caliguiri City of Pittsburgh Great Race tomorrow?
American Reunion is a must see! Still laughing!
i agree. Hope we can come back.
lol ahaha good times! I gotta admit that was quite good! Haha
Louise Mensch calls for subsidies for local newspapers - The Guardian
Success isn't the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be successful Albert Schweitzer
"Try It" Class. October 3 1pm. $10, try all the apparatus before you sign up! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
you all are not alone!
butterflies never felt so good <3
"are you kidding? that's like huckleberry sexy. i wanna float down a river with you."
aaaannnd they said it was gonna rain today.... I see some good old sunny #SanDiego action from where I'm at ;)
they stopped a woman yesterday and were out there again today looking for trouble...
stop kendall lol (: let me get a pic of you and see what happens!
Are you wearing space pants, because your ass is outta this world
uh at school and then i gotta work later and tomoro prepare for club silk!!!
Please make Prezi stop.
2 am here. Night Night everyone.
Thank you! Happy New Year!
I think she looks better pre-photoshop as well! Here's to real ladies!
Uncle Jess talks so loud!
Getting married under a dinosaur.. it'd be so funny if it fell during the ceremony.
I know! We need pics of Idris Elba at the White House stat!
You hate to hear that.
I hope you feel better doll
Felicia and Amy are awesome. Stories begin @ 8.
No---> RT : You could be the best of me when I'm the worst for you.
Looking forward to dinner with and her team tonight!! :)
what is call in day all about?
#youmyfriendareonecoolguy I tried finishing our mash-up and it ended up making my voice sound demonic for some reason
oh and if you really dont... 2369 Virginia Beach Boulevard ;-)
Had to sleep on the pull out bed on the couch last night. That thing is MAJORLY uncomfortable. I hope we get the aircon fixed today.
Back in the USSA
Photo shoot next week.... Shena Renee coming soon :)
Dude, humans aren't supposed to go see vets!
Most predictable headline in E-N this am: "Lots of rain, but it's still a drought." It. Never. Ends.
the theme song just popped in my head...WILD OUT NOW WILD OUT NOW. Although there was this one chick on there super hot
im down if its for sure.
Yep! RT : this look amazing!!!
Finna Get Ready 2 Just So I Can Have It For Later
this is seriously #outsatanding! Thank you. Thanks a lot!
Driving home after a night a boozing is hard enough. Throw in a herd of deer crossing the road..... DUI waiting to happen.
Difference between being disappointed by the actions of someone once close, to being utterly disgusted by their actions & ultimately them
Ah!...a much needed spa pedi before hitting the town!
Double Daves has really good pizza crust.
Just jumped on the bandwagon. I'm in love. Thanks for introducing us, ! Such an awesome talent!
not good I'd rather be a prisoner in Alcatraz.
Thank you
#Salute !! RT : Everyone show love to my bro and retweet my last tweet.
Blueberry Bliss Luna Bar has got to be my favorite one
So thankful. Jesus paid a debt He didn't even owe just for me and you. Now that's big stuff. Happy Easter! <3
A beautiful Friday in Colorado. The birds are chirping, the sun is shining & all seems right. I wish I could share my peace w/the world.
she likes guys that are older than me = she likes guys who have done half of what i've done in twice the amount of time.
Special-strange fruit project
No offense ladies with those last few tweets. I'm just imagining things Kelly Kapoor (sp?), from The Office might say.
getting a Synchronizing Failes error on Android todo.txt touch, any suggestions? I'm signed into Dropbox successfully btw
What did you do for #earthday ? // We organized a group of volunteers and planted 1000 grass bulbs at a Conservation Area.
Good! Life's kind of kickin' my ass a bit. Packing for the move in with later this week. Closing on 2 houses on Fri. :-)
12 hour days are really starting to take it's toll on me
RT : We have R3HAB coming to next Thursday December 1st ... that big!!
RT alvin tomas tuddao All Glory and Praises belong to the One and Only God...
Now announcing support for Verizon workers strike tomorrow Thursday at 140 west street. Meet in #zucotti at 11:30am.
OK! How's the little dipper?
Hi lovely babydoll! How r u doing today?
RT : People keep complaining about airline fees, but keep flying. traffic is up 22% in April
Last forum of #ward5se went well at Israel Baptist Church. Was glad to be voted in "final 4" by audience to participate in debate portion.
Thank u for the referral! Can't wait to take ur headshots! RT : Love this - can't wait to see Maggie's shots!
RT : Don't care if you're not a photographer: Tell us about a photo you LOVE - and why you love it. Send via @ reply.
Get the fuck out of here. #Canucks score.
at the moment nothing :P & you?
the dog who save christmas :)
The moment when your friend is like who do you like?... Umm u know them so I'd rather not say!
RT : hi /Hello Ben! Nice day today. And what did I do? Mow the lawn! It really needed it, though~
Thank you so much for the shout out!
Reinhard & Ryan ... a great hack team!
Dream as if you'll live forever,live as if you'll die today...
For sure. Thanks for hosting tonight.
he wants you to be his baby mama
its barely monday....
Its T-Shirt Tuesday #Baltimore -Get a Sonic Tshirt for $3 w/purchase. Ask 4 it when ordering-While quantities last-Order from patio/stall.
those last two, I would hardly call men.
This makes that Green Bay-Seattle game just a little bit more interesting
Sometimes when we're talking words get drowned out by the sound...
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to lies within us.
Correction: The performers were from New Mt. Zion Baptist Church.
What makes you feel better than money??
thanks for the shout out!
Random science questions: Why do birds sing more in the morning? Why is most dirt black? Why isn't most sand black?
maybe free plane tickets will be part of the bailout
OK will do
has there been research on effectiveness with adults. As a addiction Counselor its challenging using CBT, REBT, CT with adults.
But they both get you wet, if you're adventurous :)
yes! I love u BFF!
Pan roast the breast, braise the legs and thighs, or don't cut it up at all and BBQ it on my smoker.
Don't forget: Get your Balloon Museum/Fiesta combo ticket scanned at the Museum for a chance to win great prizes- including a balloon ride!
Therapy session with mother dearest <3
#stm2012 CSL: citation style language does not yet support PubMed Cendtral IDs which are needed for grants
Another One Of My New Years Resolution Is Going To Get Completed Which Is Gettin Off Probation.!!!
me either man, wonder what happened to them? Way better than Hostess! Which flavor did you get?
And apparently more people care about the #GoldenGlobes than huntsman reportedly dropping out.
Awe okay :D and i know bc Drake is just wow cant describe how amazing he is
great win #lucasthethird ....at least d-wade made it a game
Is it possible to have a favorite Jane Austen book ... she's so good, I live for the insights on nearly every page.
ZOMG! My dad is doing the Electric Slide ... well, at least it's at the #120League scholarship benefit
Welcome! So glad you could join us tonight. Can't wait to get your take on being gluten-free in college!
#Supriseaustin lolz i wish but im in missouri
it is! unfortunately, most generic brands don't have $$ for good packaging so I spend too much on stuff LOL
Foods done.
Color is locked for #GirlClown! Just have final mix to do!
Its hard work being me.
Currently following 900 Bears fans. All of you are awesome!
I like to kiss girls, <3
wish you would. I #love your water.
what's that supposed to mean??
EXCELLENT ANSWER to "Who do you aspire to be like?" ;o)
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to check out your music :)
Yay, so glad! :) RT : I am carrying around my bag as a shopping tote today... received a few questions about it!
sounds like how I wanna spend today, but I work...
Thanks for following! Looking forward to reading your tweets & connecting!
Hit it strong....hit it fast
AH! I miss my twitter family so much hehe miss you Nessa & Skyler <3 Will update story soon (; maybe... lol.
you should make and their cloud product in that link as they are one of the market leaders.
ya? How many gun commercials have you seen during a brewers broadcast....
In Spanish class
Two-day corporate training is OVER. Time to start the weekend.
yeah sure. Chat me on Facebook sometime!
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. ~Winston Churchill
I will be good at Madden 12 by the end of the night!
Runner's temp tattoo auction tops $11K: " I will be announcing the winner of my eBay auction this Wed. Winning bid was $11,100"
Sustenio now has happy hour nightly from 4-7! Half price wines by the glass, half price flat bread pizzas and nightly drink specials!
I was at the mall yesterday & a lady walked by me twice with her shirt being too small/tight. She had a pony cake & a happy trail. So gross!
Nice!! RT : wow! R0TFF to the bat mobile (batman voice)
Watching the Comedy Awards! And they are pretty freakin hilarious :)
N not having money is a rule of all evil LOL weezy
#Badgers lift "permission to contact" restrictions on ANY school outside the Big Ten. Uthoff had asked to contact 16 schools, 4 were denied
It only sucks if yo let it suck.
TONIGHT!!! come to our CD release! We play with ABQ Boys Choir, Small Game, , !! 21+ Free CD $7
i watch the new shake it up
because she related to me! Duhh lmao
Found my keys.. yay!
#HA She blocked me on Facebook. Silly people.
They are just a jumble of joy
: Thank you for all you've achieved at forest, I wish you every success in the future
You've decided not to chill tonight huh?
Oh!I guessed but I thought maybe it meant you couldn't
hey Crimson Tide, ya hit your Stride tonight - congrats 2011 BCS National Champions
Jamie Moyer's first televised postgame interviews weren't talkies ... subtitles only.
Grand opening ceremony held for Swiss International Hotel Xiamen - What's on Xiamen
is this a real goodnight?
yea, I thought it was the weirdest thing to say...
"Success w/o honor is like an unseasoned dish. It will satisfy your hunger but it won't taste good!" >Ironic JoePa quote
awww thank you :D
this e n t i r e week has been weird.
Monday is the best day of the week. No more of that weekend crap. We get the pleasure of going back to working for The Man. Best feeling!
Happy New Year! :-) 2012 I start up more college adventures!! :-)
your so welcome tori :)
What kind of shop & where is it located? My next trip to Nashville is in July & I may want to check it out. Please reply.
Work. Someone should visit me and bring me food! *cough cough*
My nigga ike like wtf is up wit these wigs
Made a wardrobe run for a project, then scouted a location for another project. At the last stop, then back to paperwork.
aw what a small world!!! Hi Dolls!!! :)
One big hole in #Spotify : search by record label. This is so important for electronic music.
Beez in the trap
Of course. Thank you!
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it. - Buddha
Tomorrow is going to be warm.
here! Talk at the lunch break?
You already know what I think you should do..
OLLG tickets. Let the hunger games begin.
you should click that little button on my page that says follow(: and guess what... You're a creeper(;
Never can, never will, can't hold us down!
Oh, it keeps getting better. I'm just sad I'll probably have to wait 5 years for the next one.
M sushi!! Now back in bed... Watching the Game. Don't care who wins overall but if I had to pick, I'd go for the underdogs - Denver
everytime I'm tagging something in dashboard when I hit enter instead of , it completes the whole post. Really frustrating.
And...there it is. Welcome back, rage. I didn't realize how much I missed you. Let's get to work. The best revenge is massive success.
everyone wants somthing from you
Get rid of those #tootoo whistles!! I love the guy but come on!
This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126965233 also 2dpecial guests in town!!!
Thanks for the kind words! RT : <3 your tees!
The point is this leadership stuff is vastly overrated when you're preaching to the choir and not winning players or cant play
#SB46 visitors, it's a beautiful day to check out #46for46 murals, walk up to TURF and visit our fabulous museums: www.indyarts.org
I have a scratch on my neck and it kinda looks like a hickey -_-
Live cash poker session at Commerce :-)
getting ready for a studio session in two short little days....
No price yet & no official China release date. Samsung said in London that an Asia release would happen sometime in May.
Thinking got a few life decisions to make......
girl you know what it is
Lemme see you put your hearts up Yeah! <3 <3
first internship interview tomorrow Dx
p.s. hey Santa, remind me to write "oxy acetylene torch" on my wish list this year. I want a new toy to play with.
this is the best tweet you've ever had
Getting a jump on my day off tomorrow tonight. Laundry and dishes and other indoor chores.
Playing monopoly junior with my daughter. Disney princess edition.
RT : Join us for #sundayfunday Industry night starts at 7pm $3 Select Irish Whiskey's and Beers!
i really hope my softball game gets cancelled! i want to go to the mal!
people that are secure in their imperfections make my heart ever so happy..
They blatantly admit it. RWNJ said getting rid of Obama more important than working together 4 sake of country. They don't care
2 hours of sleep and off to Chicago
Generationals and Infinite Jets at the tonight! Sure to be a boisterous fun time!
Go Milwaukee! love The Femmes, and Bergdorfs...(of course)
Ok be mine.
Avoid sugar shock: Have a fatty snack (ex. nuts, chesse) 10-30mins before your meals to slow sugar & remain fuller longer.
Where are you taking your mom this weekend?
networking is key join me and i follow you
RT : #cnnzombies since you are doing this study, should we assume you will discover this virus and inevitably cause the apocalypse?
It feels great to be respected amongst my peers. :)
Headed to school now! haha im SOO #EXCITED!! :D
3pm time for and
I wish just STFU
SHE HAD CONSTRUCTION PAPER IN THE CAR!!! She went & got it. It was eye-rolling night.
Too many fake people
Aww thanks Erin. Golf soon!
And... start OT on PP
I got a few girls locked up in my basement.
ha! You sound like my Mom.
BOYCOTT #LeBron James' selection show on #ESPN. It's not like he will ever win an #NBA title. Non-leader, non-champion mentality.
lol no. Is he doing work? Lol
What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger <3
Looks packed! We're so glad it's summertime again. We love Bike Nites!
mrs. Farris would be so proud
I choose quotes based on what is said rather than who says it most of the time. Nothing personal :)
UGH, Google has finally taken away my ability to avoid their new Gmail design. :( I don't like it, I want my old Gmail back! :(
": When ppl see me thy say i look mean. Naw bitch i dont play. .. Thats all"
Another DAY ! ANOTHER DOLLAR !!
TECHNOLOGY: Top Pinterest Tools and Tips for Music Marketing
On my way to be judged. Also to be fed. Gin will be served.
I just really hope Brielle and Erika make it through. Reed wasn't AS good as last night, but let's see!
what a fabulous film and amazing team of the sweetest cast and crew :) :)
just made a movie called depression check it out it's awesome go to my youtube channel frederickhj13
Great tradition @ MG Invite. Girls from host team present medals to top 6 boys finishers. Saturday the boys present medals to the girls.
The Vow was good, not what I thought it would be but good.
Great! Thank you!!
nice! My new one was on sale at newbury comics haha.
Not surprising that he's been around.
m wow I actually liked it (: goodjobbb!!
Why didn't anyone warn me about the #SXSW wristband tan?
hahaha. Katy Perry was a face hugger
Twitter....are you ever going to fix my mentions?
i wish my mom would take me to school in the morning . #ShesTooLazy so she dont .
my friend is in the middle of building a studio but I'm not sure when it will be finished. Kinda sucks.
The best way to avoid being pepper sprayed is to do what the person with the pepper spray is asking you to do.
Thanks. I think he's kinda awesome :)
Been in the office since 9am and time is flying by. I just love booking and planning parties....
Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow Mommy's in twitter land!
I need knee pads for Volley Ball, and Graduation balloon and ish.
Hilary only has one more week at SBS!!!! Make sure you call to book your last appointment with her (773) 252 - 9522
best place to find a hypocrit is in church, I agree.
The use of perfume goes back as far as the Egyptian era, where they would use perfume in religious rituals.
Still haven&#39;t watched your movie. Life has been so hectic lately. Now C has pneumonia. In a hurry for me to return it?
Sweet! The Xavier win just gave me sole possession of the top spot in the IT bracket!
Time to run a photo booth at a wedding! Maybe I should do some hipstamatic prints on the iPhone?
funny how real life (or work life) gets in the way of us having fun. next time. def!!!! how are you?
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok.~Shaquille O'Neal
- I'd love to have you on my radio show to talk sports, movies, your career. U game? Plz email
For my birthday buy me a small refrigerator so I can put it in my room and eat when I'm hungry and not get up -__-
BREAKING - TV reporting child hurt during suspicious incident linked to Parrish Medical Center, where white van with bullet holes is parked
I went to core & balance class today that Erin teaches; amazing class!! I will miss It wish there was someone who taught like that in LA
#hikeky2012 hike #3 Raven Run: for when you're cravin fun.
i love that show!
If you think God just wants you to be stronger and push through the pain I think you are missing the whole point of the Gospel.
I'm sure they will! :)
It can't be that bad. Try 4 kids, by yourself for 8 hours. The fun part is when they all start fighting. Good luck.
Small nervous breakdown today. Mini-wig? Microgeddon? Nanocalypse?
Cute kitty :3!
you and me both!! I mean it's not like I make an infinite amount of money or anything
RT : Alright, May is here! #Unifest is right around the corner so get your tickets because they're going fast!...
am desperately waiting to see Natalie Merchant! Perhaps we'll meet up at #battledecks?
Pettitte wasn't too bad. I think he looked like the ole Andy out there. Go #Yankees!
007 at the bottom of the stairs choking the fuck outta the Black dude. Kill or be killed
On our way to the venue vics has no chance!!!
Z time. Big run n the AM.
"ROCKET!" Is that like when dogs see a SQUIRREL!?
Hard to call it. Thompson and Neumann both with a large showing here at
Computers are down and #Dennys here we come. I'm feanin for pancakes!!
That cut scene at the end of Act II was pretty badass.
Men are animals. Period. They literally make me sick to my stomach. Ugh. Sometimes I question my sanity- I gotta learn to live w/o them.
thanks! And I get to play in districts next week, so I'm gunna letter this year!!!
good times, but that water looks funky
I love you!
good thinking-all content can be used in working memory activities-maybe during warmup time? Great practice for everyone!
. is the fan club
And just like that the Detriot Red Wings have officially been eliminated from the playoffs...
I heard there should be a JLA movie in 2013!
Worked the Pyle, finance discussion, mowed 5 lawns, ran some hills, now about to start a fire with the boys
I can literally watch funny cat videos all day omg
Dont ever doubt that the world hates me
Subject Henry Jim that Mr Andrew
LOL I thought you might say something like that!!
yo I got a babymomma & 1000. twitter-boo's on twitter but no twifey yet tho so I can't talk lol
Thank you advertisements and docudramas for educating us all that actors are not real people. I guess I am a unicorn.
Should have 25 denk on it
Thanks Shane for the re-follow; have a good night.
saw it a midnight screening dude. No way I was missing it.
The eyes will see what you want to see and the ears will hear what you want to hear but the heart feels what is real:~}
yea, me too! i don't know what I will do without music. rain on me by pitbull and marc anthony
Just fired you a email. Hit me back when you have time.
Lunch meeting with margaritas = my kind of meeting
I think that puts Ryan up 3-1, right? Crap.
in a boxing match you're right, I don't doubt that...but in a good old fashion cage match, I'll take him out on the ground
Do your hobbies include playing video games? If they do, then you probably play a lot of them
how do u handle so many rude comments all day? Props to u girlie.
Yes. Good for you.
Dominos b4 wrk my moms LOVES ME!!!
thank u! Have a good show tonight!
I hope it'll smash radio like Stronger.
That is fabulous news! He is great to work with!
Archives forever workshop...unfortunately seems to be a product pitch? For a good product, but not one I'm likely to be able to buy
The question is not how to get managers' emotional commitment but why manager's don't give it even if they like their company.
Made it! Now it's time to get cooking. Oh and go unabashedly mention to NYC that Portland got robbed at JBF awards!
Looking forward to it! RT : I'll be joining the super team on Monday. I can't freaking wait!
Runway Towing Company literally wait for an accident and your vulnerability when injured. Drivers be careful!
this could be the worst closing effort ever, and that's saying a lot! We all saw Jose Lima close in the 90's
Where is this same outrage over the nine-year-old who was pepper sprayed by the police?
Let's figure something out. That sounds awesome.
Happy Friday! Remember to treat your customers like you want to be treated today.
You have got to be one of the sweetest people. I'm proud to be a fan. :)
will be storm chasing in Kansas this weekend, so there will be no podcast on Saturday.
yes percussion with my knife!
JUSTICE for #KELLYTHOMAS NOW!! STOP #HATE CRIME AND cops who MURDER #homelesshumans ! praying 4 u Thomas family! -john
imma look that up on YouTube!
RT RT : RT : Speaking your mind ain't always the best option...
I pray Thee, O God, that I may be beautiful within.
Amazing job Region 2!
youse a fool
I WANNA RIDE A 4X4 TO SEE HOW IT IS...
had so much fun tonight. show was sick. thanks to all who came. see you soon.
Umm time for the white sox to switch pitchers.. Sale is fucking up!!
I'm going to try my best to act like there's nothing wrong today.
I don't need to be the baddest bitch, because I'm fine with being a lady.
I followed backk:)
when you wake up before your friends and don't know what to do
Hari: "You gotta belive in something man." Chris: "Fuck."
So tired!
No one told me skin tight leggings showing off your cottage cheese ass and camel toe was in this summer. Fucking disgusting.
good concessions too!
All Sports
baseball. the football game was over at kickoff.
That awkward moment when a girl says get off my nuts........
Got the NFL ticket on my iPad. Thanks Chance!!!
Good luck everyone!
That's good. We saw so many distressed people with no family, no support system at all outside "corrections". You must, too.
On the way home and enduldging in headphones to listen to music d^~^b
": Homerun! Gomes! Go Reds!" --> The Reds are looking good so far. I'm going to the Cardinals game tonight. Brrrrr!
I am SO #ReadyForJonas2012 :))) OH YEAH
appreciate the love my nigga!
Nanakusa is my favorite sushi restaurant. Saki Tumi is also really good.
Thanks for sharing! Which #PreserveNYC site gets your vote?
i don't know if i trust the guacamole from Subway. (cc:)
Sure appreciate tweets folks!! Wish I was there in person!!!
i don't deal with hoes, was taught never to trust scum, & treat my money like pussy it must come......
preciate that bro
Upgraded technology and strings. About to upgrade hair. Happy.
Welcome all my #Sweet new Followers. Give S/O And I'll #FollUBack :))
Lascorz injury unclear until swelling reduces
Not too late to join #scicon! We will be streaming live with Reed Timmer at 2pm! To register visit : Links.DiscoveryEducation.com/SCIcon
OMG OMG OMG I can breathe again.
Is it true USC is reestablishing its MLIS program?
Glad you could dig it, Flint.
u should get the hallo app!!!!
I love you
Indian Wells Resort Offers Distinctive Wedding Backdrop with Special Bridal Incentives
Thanks. I'm not too sure about anything recent. Takes a while for me to decide, but I put it up there anyway. :-)
Bernie williams is in sam ash right now lol he's nasty at guitar
#vsa2011 "When the cook tastes the soup,that's formative;when the guests taste the soup,that's summative" ex unclear evaluation explanation
NO! IT'S A TRAP!
He is innocent, plain and simple.
#PSA if you haven't had a booster shot for Whooping Cough, get one! I'm 53 and this disease has laid me flat out. Call yr doc & schedule.
um I leave tomorrow! Morning
this is one opposing view I have w/my President.
Let's hope this blisteringly hot caffeine works - I've got over 12 hours to go
We are super excited about our Cinco De Mayo pot luck on Friday! What exciting plans do you have?
A leopards spots don't change....just your perception.
Stains don't have to be covered up...They can be Removed!! Contact For a friendly reliable service with outstanding results!
She looks like the Poor Man's Naomi Campbell #disgusting " Marlo enters GUNS BLAZING with bone straight Naomi hair. #RHOAReunion"
A plus to not having time to exercise... Tendinitis is virtually gone!
Skip the gym today and go disc golfing????
u stupid
I love that dude! #ElScorcho!
Sitting in oral surgery waiting room watching divorced parents co-parent teens its fascinating
Integration is intense.
Your that punk bitch Danny!! #workaholics<3
- Furniture Assembly Experts want to ASSEMBLY your IKEA Furniture at your home or office. We assembly all brands - Target..
Patron wanted to know when we're hiring. Um, never.
What's the best #CrossFit gym in SD county?
babe come online please i miss you x :'( :'(
Check out Einstein! Music on facebook! =]
RT "In many classrooms, the smartboard is just the new blackboard."
thank u Kristine. My colleague David took it. And thank u for RT.
thanks luv u too
Hey, no prob! I'm an LIS undergrad at U Maine (distance program). Absolutely love every second of it.
...And that is perhaps the best thing ever. I don't even mind whining in Wookie-speak.
No school might have a swim meet though I hear from the other swimmers
what about the ability to query the code?
what is the greatest thing u would do 4 your fans???
Everyone should follow and stare at her "blogs"
OH: you want me to move closer? I worked a double and didn't re-apply my deodorant....
fans get your copy of vanilla's Ladies with the one and only Skin on the cover looking good enough to eat!
Did I really just see that?? *dead*
Just saw the #Dove commercial that said 6 of 10 girls will quit an activity bc they don't like the way they look. Powerful stat.
do you think he'll write me back?
RT : recording this Sunday at 7pm at the Full Moon Club on top of Zinnie's East. See ya there!
of course but still xD
Sounds good, thanks Shary!
Get out to 1400 Idlewood On Saturday for the Black Love Fest! We are expecting 10,000
to answer that in 140 characters would be tough but theres a lot of great sports action!!
once again Leyland shows himself to be the worst handler of pitching staff in the AL or perhaps all of baseball
Thank you following me. I am looking forward to networking with you.
do a single digit if u can't do 1, do 2!
if you've tweeted over 30,000 tweets, have you spent too much time on twitter?
#20ThingsAboutMe I taught myself how to play guitar. c:
oh snappy-o!!!! Where are ya?
no its Ohio, but it still is 10:45 over here
although looking at 's tweets led me to #elemchat so it put me where I wanted to be :-)
Yea its a good thing to record it never know when u might fall asleep. TVD is always good cant never not love it :)
Spotted in the Mac App Store before my last tweet, but had to RT them because I can't look away from this app. So magnificent.
Happy to hear! RT : Had a wonderful, eye-opening experience, and great tour guides. Already planning another trip to Dearborn!
Helping out with Joy Prom tonight with !
I THINK I SEEN THE SUPERMOON LAST NIGHT BUT IT WAS HANGING OUT THE WINDOW OF A CAR
Fascinating studies about how verbalizing your self-transcendent values makes you more open to health messages and behavior change
Thanks! I didn't realize you were admissions! Must follow. :)
BOUNTY Has A Twitter ...
HeHeHe! LOVE blowing theories out of the water! :)
Queen Latifah's version of the National Anthem will be the new version played at our games.
I'm single for tonight!
wow paul, that's some intense stuff right there. We need it in the weight room!
Orlando friends!! Catch me on Fox 35 Orlando's Good Day Show on Monday at 9am for the Summer Skin Series-Part 2! It will be life changing!
okay then why are you talking to me? Bye.
Enjoyed meeting with the Metrotex Association of Realtors today.
It's 30 degrees you guise.
i have a camera!!!! who knows editing?
RT : Find pea shoots at several markets this winter. Muddy Farm, Abingdon or Gajeski on
Sometimes 140 characters is woefully insufficient. But ...
Watching Daybreakers. Really good movie so far :)
Got a 10 Kobe Beef in tonight...beautiful.
I would like to see the outcome! I'm just saying,.
I've said no to it for nearly 20 years.
"The detail and clarity is very pronounced... Very clean presentation better than I expected from PC's." -Bob N. loves his new Stratus
O Florida would be great. I'm hoping for a in Texas.
You and me both. Was told the official picture will be available in about a month.
Lol, this might be a bad time to mention that I don't drink
Tonight!!! Take the giants/ jets OVER
Yup weren't down by 29 this game. Let's see how the next goes. Hopefully we take it.
little violent there....
Current students! A recording of "Advice from Recent LIS Professionals" is available in the LIS Support module in Learn@ UW! Thoughts?
me, neither.
"People how you doing there's a new dawing" - Jimmy James
FLCL IS ON #TEAMJUMP TUNE IN
#Flame Flame Flame FLAME FLAME
real original.
i get high if i want to .
Hunt says reconciliation needed to happen at ppl-to-ppl level. Comes from sense of confession, truthtelling
thanks so much for coming out! Hope you had as much fun as we did!
I'm opening for Monte Montgomery tonight @ Sam's Burger Joint in San Antonio from 9-10pm. Always a good time with Monte!!!
oh shut up lol
record da 4x4 n send it to me...or skype me so i can see it
Tweet me .
had to think about that . . . yes, it does: someone in the biz -- civilians get too into "ooh, you're on TV!"
"May the power protect you." - Zordon
It's hard to believe that in a few months me and have know each other for 2 full years
I'm going to be a real-life Auntie Em!!! I have a feeling it's all going to be babies and weddings for the next few years. yay!!
RT come back to El PASO,TX. We miss you :D ": Don't get me wrong, I love that I get to play for big crowds but I gotta start
So tired of dealing with morons. Actually, morons would be an improvement.
u silly!!!
"we see ourselves as a technology company that happens to have cars." Rob Weisberg, CMO
Very empty Bengals Stadium.
Guess I'm watching movies at home all night.
Can't wait for our next injury-comparison episode. Of course I'm sure the picture in my attic is a bit older than yours...
So cute!
,god shes so beutifull and perfect
haha it was quite fun actually:) Fridays are good:) especially wrestling rach in the middle of chemistry
yes what? Let me get that number and that proof you've been putting my money to work.
...probably we need a combination of business incentives, targeted tax increases & linked fee elimination to drive $$
The library will be closing in 30 minutes - at 12 pm today!
We're trying to brother! Know any good spots where bands like us play all the time?!
Extremely cool! :D
On air right now
Just brought popstar magazine to get the poster(;
I love being ignored.. #thefunnest!
bbq pulled pork a la vinegar sauce mighty tasty tonight @ 12 bones #c4l10 - still stuffed
Great, thanks!
Fair enough point. She was very much about gender and feminist issues.
When I see another Barrett/Falk ad for Gov. of WI, I'm gonna hurl faster than a hooker goes to Vegas for a convention of Dems.
On 28 April 2008 Sojourner Truth (born Isabella Baumfree), escaped slave, abolitionist, photographer, was given memorial in US Capitol
Let's go NY jets . About to watch them for the first time this year..let's see how they look
that is something that we can agree on. I find it hard to believe that they can't get one more game in during the next 35 days.
Who 1st place on the AL East, I forget? :p
yooo whats gud i gotta show at steel toast on the beach come on out if u aint doin nothin
Brunch specials tomorrow: lamb sausage scramble w/ dried cranberries, sheep's milk feta, & fresh kale. M!
WHO WANTS TO BE IN A FAN VIDEO FOR AUSTIN MAHONE AND ALEX CONSTANCIO ? JUST TWEET ME A PICK OF YOU SAYING WHAT COUNTRY OR STATE YOU LIVE IN
Just had a room full of students who stayed after school to get their essay done. Makes me smile to see motivated kids.
Thanks for the mentions and !
I think the good days help ya get thru the bad....
& I am following your thoughtful blog! Thx for sharing!
Looking for Security bloggers
Almost time for Shawn Page to bring his Pants Off,Dance off party to Sabbatic. Drinks? Oh F*k yes! Fun? When is drinking and nudity not fun?
how u doing sweety
Double-secret probation for all gay tar heels!
Ok, but we won't save you a beer.
and we speak English.
O OK DAMN SHIT FUCK ALL THE CUSS WORDS
THE PICKLE's first shot goes off at 7 p.m. tonight. Everyone's excited. Thank you for ALL YOUR SUPPORT. More soon! -THE PICKLE crew.
Oh yeah, last night my neighbors were arguing to the point where they were, I guess fighting, and even gunshots were heard. :O.
Do employees at #Staples earn a living wage? NO! But #Bain made 80% profit. That's not magic, it's
gallo jersey tshirt on, and i
That's the best thing you could come up with?
Woo hoo! Excited to be getting a sketch done by ! Now to pick a photo!
Annoyed want to go home!!!
Was Hacked so don't open any messages from Twitter from me. Should be fixed now.
Yep. I'm also shocked how many don't know any other company besides Chegg. Shop around for that rental and some some $$$.
Lmfao at phone call " dog I live her I wanna marry her spoil her ill even cheat on her" lmfao :,)
Been thinking about Sara and her family today. Memories that will last a lifetime.
Motivational Video - Overcoming Adversity
Goin to drive n see if i find the 4s. If i dont, no biggie
Parable of the scorpion and the toad.
CBO Dir agrees #ExtendUI promotes economic growth. Will Rs listen or obstruct measures that benefit Americans and economy...
who is his marketing agent?
It was a full moon...
can't waiiitt till next summer oh my gosh
I'm so proud of you :) Thank you for being the amazing person you are.<33
can I get my laptop for an hour or so? I have the sudden urge to jump on traktor
What day are you coming?
M&M COMMERCIAL.. LOVE IT.. TOO FUNNY!! BEST ONE SO FAR...
it'd be dose...not does...just saying
no offense besides Kemp? Andre Ethier is pretty good too.
lovin the playlist, discussion and my cup of joe life couldn't ask for better morning!
Happy Friday To all;)
Do you see the promos and shit before, after, and during the games? The huddle mic etc? All Heat and All onesided bullshit!
Motor oil is pretty amazing
I dm'd you my url.
JZELL MUSIC EVERYBODY!!!!!
i'm finally off after working since 2. time for some Amigos with emily :)
thanks for the RT!
where boots in the summer n flip flops in the winter cause thats when they go on sale lol
They said it was a drug test..... I got their and their were. I drugs to be tested!! Super mad haha
Amen. RT : Choose grace.
Watching VAN vs LAK game on NHL 12 right now. Same starters and lines. So far LAK is up 2-0 with 10 left in the first. :(
RT Carey suggests that Sounders' system sets a winning culture. Increases GM accountability.
Dustin Hoffman and Jessica Lange at the Golden Globes...Tootsie reunion. I <3 them. What is it with me & people with their AARP cards?
you were a beast! Love you to pieces!
THANK YOU :)
Good 4th, rest of game was just ok.
After a manicure and some bushy eyebrow weedwhacking, I almost feel human again.
ALC Boot Camp is underway and going well at Manpower Group!!! Today's program: Career Exploration and College Information!
Dunno. Got any suggestions?
I meant RT For an honest DM
That logic is bulletproof! I can't wait to meet Puppy Pants.
The total shebang that was apparently #WelcomeJJ is just proof that Georgetown has its priorities in the right place.
Look up the show on Netflix called Peek-a-Boo. No seriously. Look it up. I'll wait.
I know I'm alone on this, but I still say the theme song Tank! is the best thing about Cowboy Bebop. -Carl Mahnke
has confirmed a spot at fEASTival 2012! My fingers are crossed that their fried pickles are on the menu :)
Today marks a year I've been in San Francisco... I'm still skeptical I actually did it.
Favourite colours: blue and green :D
I will def be praying for you all. She didnt deserve to go that way. No one does. :(
W.e
Sipping free Starbucks this morning thanks in part to awesome teamwork from Next coffee's on me, lady!
Can't wait to finish these tracks up!!
USC w/o... the seahawks are way more than a coach and a year from even 7 wins.
yes, this
Seriously Twitter. Let me upload my pics now! Its been like a week.
I LOVE YOU !!! I LOVE YOU !!! I LOVE YOU
Wow that new anti-HIV drug costs about $14,000 per year.
Haven't tuned in yet, but love it.
thanks for thefollow!
Thanks for following!
The #Facebook iPhone app is the worst thing I've ever had to deal with in my life.
you well come :)
shout out to the naia.
I'm good text me tho
Thanks for the follow ...
Celebration. We just hit 150 followers! Thank you. Are they your friends? If not, ask them to follow us too. Seriously, Thank you!
yeah she is :)
*points at Hulk* Hulk you smash
Pointless apology/ I'm good I'm gone
WebCamWindow launching new features Monday at WebCamWindow.com! ReTweet Please!!!
what time did you go at? O:
You Can't Sit With Me.
we were just talking about making that sign into a t-shirt yesterday
hopefully when it happens I'll have one of those tickets! Oh and you like my user name? #followme ?
whatever helps you justify YOUR slacking, carry on ;)
God I hate skinny girls they make me look #fat !
Without you!!:)
I would love to see you blog post on how you got hummingbird running on heroku.
Joe! Good luck with whatever you got going on today!!!
Of course! I have more than one story for you... hahaha
LA Angels desperately need to go trout fishing their offense sucks right now
Singer songwriters series showcase is tonight from 8p-12a. Cantab Lounge Cambridge, MA. 21+ show, $6 cover. www.plectrumentertainment.com
Not true. I'm extremely complicated in my simplicity.
Hola Pablo! I hope you are doing well. How's the ABC going?
#Heartattack For Men , 'Culture of Honor ' Can Be Deadly Title: For Men , 'Culture of Honor ' Can Be Deadly Category: Health News Created:
Heard someone say today: If I had known you could read about celebrities on Twitter I would have joined a long time ago.
Let me text this girl for I forget
we've discussed how I feel about Barney..
House passed IPAB repeal & Malpractice reform. Shame they felt the need to combine them and avoid possibility of real bipartisanship.
Klout thinks I'm influential on Afghanistan... Why I do I feel a phone call from the government coming in soon?
It's cold.... not cool
I missed the season finale for Grey's Anatomy tonight.
#itsokaytocheatif your not in a relationship, or your doing homework.
you are welcome! :P
they set up reflected mirrors and lights and made it look like the recording studio was haunted hahaha
State Dock is a few weeks away, and we are SO EXCITED!!!!!
nordstrom.com good example of integrating YouTube, reviews, shopping, community.
Remember to eat at least one cup of alkaline-forming vegetables each day. Stay alkaline!
Our pleasure RT : Thank you for a fantastically enlightening conversation today. Look forward to learning more
Females, what do you think of this? - Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex. (Karl Marx) via
or this date is just that bad. Rather be with a zombie right now
as a bostonian would say.... I'm wicked high kid
Yes, it is true.
I like to dowldoad the free iTunes music as well as the free music from sbux. Love the variety.
Detroit is a Blank canvas there is so much opportunity 4 growth/chge the mindset of ppl perception not only Detroit, but Michigan as whole
I'd like to request "Hold it Against Me" by
You can have what you say - say what you believe!
we need you to follow us because we need your help with a project...we can dm the details.
well im doing my hair now...but idc where
I have the worst anxiety. Get me through this exam I might barf.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Fiesta 1.6 TDCi Econetic for a new car!
Happy Tuesday!!! Come in for $2 tuesdays on Bud/Miller Light Pints, $2 Tequila Shots.. Steph is working during the day Jenna @ Night.
Swing by if it doesn't get better. I can give you something prescription strength.
I lost the guy i loved
Appreciate that y'all have used them as functional (drunk) marketing tools.
Love, love that story.
Funny, my phone is kinda like the Millennium Falcon...
#Daytona 500 start time pushed back to 7 p.m. because of rain.
I done be lied to I been neglected... You try to break me down IMA GO HARDER!!!
I love art
It is truly sad to see some people in scavenger mode, if you're not strong enough to make your own kill...
Dan Rusanowsky checks in with Tim Jeffreys at 3:20 this afternoon to discuss what the Sharks need to do tonight to win
the viper room >
Now Game 7 is going to be my mind for the next 44 hours. So much for my boss wanting me to get a ton of work done this week.
The nation is more divided now than in years. The majority will prevail in November. But will it be for the good of our futures?
It's okay to have 17 boyfriends right? (;
Thanks! MT Dropped by on Sat night to see a friend's work --> favorite collection of art I've seen in #Katzen!
thanks I think
Way to go ! Nice win
The wells are going dry: 55 families in Chupadero, north of Santa Fe, are running out of water. Tonight, there'll be an emergency meeting.
Thank you! Is there an email address to submit to? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis,
People always think I'm wearing makeup when I'm not that's just my sun burned face
my ipod is only playing j-pop...makes me wanna watch bleach
cool! she have a great advantage if she takes some tips from you
Got that shit right
I care too much sometimes :/
meeting them?! or just seeing LOOOL
yeahhuh :D how are you today? (:
Bull. Crap. -______-
yumm I want some
still havent gotten my books in the mail yet smh. htf am i supposed to do any hw
I'm sorry I missed your reply yesterday! Meet you at the poster session?
No music = No life .
Working on the distribution & release of my Turning Stones Cd and my Indigenous Souls - World Tribe
And God said, "Let there be sandwiches!" And Eve made them
Im not dumb wtf yall she never care likei do but its fun to dream
What subjects do you find most difficult to capture when taking photos? Low light scenes? Action shots? Both can prove quite challenging.
RT Congrats to Josh Hamilton for breaking my total base record for Texas rangers history yesterday.
all we are is dust in the wind
Super excited about my first day of the new job today!
soon and very soon!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Dr. Fresh Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
At GED about to leave doing good :)
oh and bob told us you were allergic to nj - hope that isn't the case :)
Ugly man is hot tonight. About damn time.
TOMORROW: SETTING SUN! Race. Sex. Japan. New York. 9/11. Revenge. Come check out this amazing new play! FREE!
Man I freakin love SportClips. They know how to treat a guy.
Its Wednesday so you know what that means - LADIES in for FREE! James Ervin Berry is downtown & is in B Rip! 8:30pm! 255-4211
Oh god. I'm actually a little interested in going to a local public meeting about urban planning. Does this mean I'm an adult now?
Thanks so much for coming to #neasist09 today! Great talk, & you set the perfect tone for the day.
The first changes in the new, expanded Cumulus happen Monday... all the details hit your inbox soon in Monday's RAMP.
I edited an audiobook and walked my dog and ate sandwiches. That is the #HHAwards I give myself.
Up all night once again.
I remember those days :) m rubies mesquite shrimp burrito! Bomb ass food :)
I'm courtside at for #Celtics, but also give a follow to , and for analysis.
Man this some slave weather where the pools
Media briefing to kickoff #SuperBowl weekend!
Little disappointed in the lack of Twiggy or other unrecognizable members of the band. Why even have the full band shots?
#Brewer fans with a clear victory in the shouting match after "root, root, root for the" during today's "Take Me Out The Ballgame."
My pride to high to keep asking one time is good
Got a new phone today, I'm going to try to tweet tweet more
Totally. She killed it at conference RT : HA! Hope you wished a happy
Seriously? "You forgot to thank your horse."
im so bored someone help me not be bored
FML... yesterday was one of the worst days I've had in years
Green is good. RT Just saw a hybrid cab... I dig that heavily.
OMG, that's excelente!!! You're on fire w/Zumba! #shakeshakeshake RT : How are you!! Headed to Zumba shortly - 6th class this wk!!!
I'm so excited for you
Met made my day, no my year! thnx for making this the best day ever!
Make sure you send in some pics of your own to :)
i have a reason
it is, but all this stuff is starting to run together. Need to take a break.
I learned the hard way too. then I forgot. what's that called?
Integration costs drag down United Continental Holdings | Travel ...
RT God is all compassionate & loving, knowing that we are human & bound to make mistakes. ~ H.H. Sant Rajinder Singh
when are y'all coming back to San Antonio?!
I'm your and that's it, Whatever. I should not have been gone for so long, I'm your's and that's it, forever.
Sat between Pure Prairie Leaguers on way to
#HAPPYMOTHERSDAY to all my mommies , new mommies an daddies who have to be moms too I salute you mwah !
I want to eat with Luly.
completely understandable. May add you to fb later. :)
The Smile.jpg/Smile.dog story was the worst scary story i've ever read. Do NOT waste your time reading it.
umm no ima need u to fall back 10 steps thats mine:)
Shit bout to get real tomorrow at school.
Mention "TWITTER" to receive your FREE consultation today! 310-209-7700
Man Honors English is alot of work and homework
Mark Reynolds picked a great series to wake up from his offensive slumber.
great to meet you too!
Thank you for the email! You truly have made software "you don't have to remember to use." Keep on keepin' on!
Well, off to dinner. #wdytya in 2.5 hours.
lls aha so you think i shld go for him (the guy i told you bout?)
Having a tough time watching the #JuniorSeau coverage.
Its been a long day. G'night yall... -_-
Ha ha. I bet you still ate the sandwich!
IF YOU RT THIS THEN I KNOW YOUR A BFFL
Alright sounds good!! Is there a website or anything?
#ExpertVisibilityTip: What are the primary goals of your website's home page? If you can't tell from looking at it, that is a problem.
Oh look! #Favre's wife AGAIN!
Just felt an earthquake
you spamming
diet Pepsi? Oh fuck no. Where's the #dietcoke?
Hard drive crashed. Looks like I'm an official #spotify user now
RT : Hey , thanks for becoming a daddy!
Award music at compititions always make me feel like a super hero.
shut up hoe. She made it to work. Lol
Ima Sell Piraguas On the Cart In Downtown Like The Do Back In Chicago Lbvs
hi whats up?
I wonder if the #Packers realize this is the POST season and not the PRE season.
thanks for the RT yesterday Kate!
Great piece on The Onion News Network. Nicely done!
Happy New Year 2010 is here
KIE partners with firms to launch e-class - The Star
I don't give a motherfuck about you
RT : Fact: a British accent makes any presentation at least 30% greater.
Oh I agree with you completely... at the time, I thought he should have been gone for the entire playoffs at minimum
Haha RT : The #Saints are going to make people drink tonight. Oh, wait, Saints fans totally do that already.
i was appointed by #BrickSquad to go on court TV shows and act retarded
If the Lord delights in a man's way, He makes his steps firm. -Psalm 37:23
If I do NOT FOLLOW YOU then TWEET ME so I can FOLLOW YOU BACK!! I will be waiting to follow you back! #StayClassy!
Patiently waitn for b ball season!!!
Rockin it in da Park"Scottsdale Fashion Square" 2-6pm come holla at me for some free stickers...Peace
RT You need to run YOUR RACE! Stop trying to run the race of others!!! // that will preach!!! Blessings man.
u should do a cover of E.T. by Katy Perry or Just A Dream by Nelly :D
So was that okay with everyone?
last day in miami :'( going to the mall :)
Any Stephen Jerzak fans out there? We have TWO signed copies of his new CD to give away to you! Details coming soon!
Dammn, gotta shower
Game 7. Let's Go.
THATCamp LAC campers-we're still planning a final bootcamp workshop-what would you like to learn? Suggestions very welcome...
Christmas shopping this year has been heavy on the GameStop
I no its late in all but am
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy. -Guillaume Apollinaire
We've already taped 2 short shows at our new PDX TV Studio. One is edited and just about ready for airing. One needs some TLC from FCP!
Impromptu Vegas with besties...just now hitting the town...WASTED!!!
Want to see something gross? Try chewing 4 or 5 different colored Razzles for about a minute and then open your mouth into a mirror.
Norwegian Swimming Star Alexander Dale Oen Passes at Age 26: Fan Remembrance
Looking for a new adult couple's #BibleStudy to do with a small group. Any suggestions?
looking to rent in Beacon Hill, know any good realty companies?
So good seeing you today dear... Hugs:):)
Cuddles would be amazing right now.
Maintaining good balance prevents injury
In ROTC today, asked if she could "touch it" ;) but she meant my mohawk.
yeah the only reason id have out a Lebrick uniform is if I ran out of toilet paper...
MJ is my idol! THE BEST ENTERTAINER OF AL TIME!
AMERICA MESSED UP BIG TIME!!!! your perfect and should've stayed, will always be a #Skoutlaws love you <3
NOW HIRING INSTRUCTORS!!! Dance, Yoga, Hooping, Clowning, Aerial Arts, Acrobatics Look under Employment on www.TenacityCircusArts.com!!
ain't that the truth lol
#20peoplethatilove #10 oh Dylan, you've always been here for me. You are amazing, and I'm glad I met you. I love you :)
Great performance. The one true star.
Let me be your one & only forever
Just heard about the EYBL for Texas Pro, Congrats!
Happy Easter
What a great turnout we are having for our Family Literacy Night. Literacy stations + pizza is a great combination.
Let my people go!
"Flowers always make people better, happier, & more helpful; they are sunshine, food & medicine for the soul." -L Burbank. G'night, yogis.
Have a bank of 4 on the 6 yard line and a row on 16 yard line & Barcelona are gash. Stop the through ball. Cant do anything from the wings.
Plug this all in to a cousin chart... #musttearselfaway and do some
Robert Bloch~ I have the heart of a child. I keep it in a jar on my shelf.
no, you don't need to bring a partner, i was just wondering cause they had a one person and a two person deal
I got home from the hospital on the afternoon of the 12th and am still sore and tired. update later.
Yesterday omar texted to jazmin papisit and today i texted daddyfun omfg our dumb typos
If You Don't Know Me . Don't Fuckin' Judge Me .
Can somebody with the "new" Iphone 4s ask the personal assistant when the F*&K the iPhone5 is coming out!
New haircut! Feeling weird about it!
I'm 16
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children
A website gives your small business #credibility in the eyes of future customers.
That is mortifying but hilarious
where I want one?
And now you'll get many months more, I'm sure, just reinforcing how pointless your piece was.
Always drink your alcohol. Never give it to the ants.
yo I got a call ill bbl so shout me out while im gone keep me n da air im fin 2 swag out
thanks for the RT! :)
lol I haven't either! I own the first book but thats it. I want to get it signed now!
im going too beeddd now. lol
Working on MIDI and guitar leads for the new song today! Can't wait to release this stuff!!!
Aw, thanks! I have so very few of them. ;-)
whoa. Amazing
me when I'm already on the computer
Keep doin ya thing because people are gonna talk about you either way, might as well give 'em something to talk about
I love Sunday mornings when the sky is blue. My backyard is full of flowers and critters..looks like a scene from Bambi..minus the deer,lol
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit. ~ Bern Williams
This month of may i shall beseech the lord
ty have a great weekend
Havin' to know tht one of my friends is bulimic&anorexic hurts;i wish i could do somethin'...imma try my best to put a stop to it:))
Mom is biggest Thunder fan on planet. #thunderup! Game on, let's rumble!
Self serve
we let kids pick...Hansen, Sabercat, & I'll Have Another. Daddy's got Take Charge Indy in the Waffle House pool! Haha!
On You
If I Die Tomorrow i will be sad cuz i never met so then i would be all like "WTF this isnt supposed to happen! *pouty face*"
did you see them? time for a velour fantasia reunion!!
Enjoy a free movie night! Here is a free Coupon code for a first night DVD rental at our GrabaDVD kiosks. (356937412) Valid thru May 31st
Thank You!! <3
best movie hands down lol
is my current project. curious to hear more about what you're up to
You have to go through hell to experience heaven
I am starting to realize that I dont really have a life anymore and its only been one week of school.
driving around town w/over 30k of orig MP art in back of uhaul makes me nervous! #getitsold!
half-price frappacino's! oh starbucks, the only thing better than a double chocolate chip frappacino is getting it half-price :)
Oh hell yes. Easily the best Co. I ever worked for. Staying at Gaylord Palms. It's swanky! A little lonely tho... Flying solo.
fuck it I got work to do
Oktoberfest Lager is now on tap at both the Rohrbach Brewpub and the Brewery Tasting Room!
so where is Liverpool seeded?
I will try my bestest! Is tardiness tolerable?
then the screen shattered and she spent 3.5 hours with a tech who couldn't transfer her data to a loaner phone. Frustrated...
Why does it suprise me how #CBS treat their houseguests are being treated unfair look who Julie Chens Husband is, HE canceled
Re-hypothecation doesn't seem legal yet it works for MF Global and Lehman
Does anyone know of any really good esoteric forums? I've found ecauldron.net, but I'd like to branch out as well!
How is it even possible to have a concave butt?Really?It looks like jaws bit ur ass off.I hope ur checking out a booty video
I was just testing you.
nice meeting you too
": I get it done at Bouffant salon in the Pearl" >>> Thanks for the shout out girl!
i will when i go onto tht account
Happy Birthday ! Wishing you the best... Enjoy your day! :D
Great news, FINALLY! Today, I'm wearing those pants where every time I sit down, the button pops off.
For those #Rockies fans who follow me on Twitter, I apologize. I had major issue with my Tweetdeck tonight. Not sure what's going on.
Midlakes Basketball: Morning workouts start tomorrow...time to get after it.
I understand but they were just being too blunt. She's an amazing artist but she's not friendly to perhaps your average joe.
: WOW!So much hate it's sad.KK, u work 2 hard 2 explain yourself 2 some1 who doesn't no u & had time 2 judge u!
LAST DAY! Peanut Butter Island Burger: chuck patty, lettuce, creamy PB, pickled cucumber & mango, cheddar & spam!
We're looking for #success stories from any of our #networking events. Have one? Tell us about it and you could be featured on our website!
SORRY THATT WAS MY FRIEND!
Host of Sweet Genius to star as head monster in The Descent 2- says me...
#fallinginreverse 's new album is amazing <3
I wish I knew the person who killed Bin Laden so I can personally thank them.
Only about 30 pages left to edit for my 1st novel! Even wrote my synopsis. Getting excited!
Excellent, we will be in touch via direct message shortly!
With the Bio-Terrorist?
working at the #Sixers game tomorrow!!! so excited!
Wheeeee, what is it?
Don't forget! This Sunday 8:30pm. "Bob and Bob" at the Atlanta Underground Film Festival. Join us at the Goat Farm. It's gonna be awesome!
#homeowners need more than justice, they need relief from #underwater #mortgages for #economy to recover. Banks owe people.
can you walk with a torn acl?
No swelling...if it still hurts tomorrow I'll call and ask if it's normal. I don't remember this from the last time, though.
yes! Sante, Mizuna for delicious food. Sapphire lounge for classic cocktails. Hope I'm not too late!
And thanks to for showing #InTheMouthOfMadness last night, great movie! It was great meeting you and there.
... says T.S. Aletta ends a 41-day period storm-less period. longest without a tropical storm in at least 70 years.
morning runs >>>
that's a nasty looking twat brah
love you John!!
well there wrong..and i think tht u shouldnt cut it:)
Wolfe and Monument Tuesday 11 to 2... stop by for lunch
The Bermuda Triangle can get lost in s beard.
clothe me... its getting cold out
God damn it. I get it already!!!! Jezz!!! RT : New study shows single people die younger than married people.
Butting in: I didn't think he wrote Underneath and Kickin' In either. Right? I thought I saw the list of the writers...
pm your user id
Strain-specific assay identifies T gondii during pregnancy - ModernMedicine
I love mizuwari as well!
you know you're kind of a big deal when the company foots the bill for your BK Broiler
They did that on purpose. Perfect glittery song for that game.
My 4 year old has mild Autism
I'm sure everyone did.. In the meantime it was like 45 degrees here and raining. I had to wear shorts to our football game!
I have seen some bad spirals out of Colt today....
...was going to say, it applies as soon as a woman opens her mouth or starts typing, apparently.
In exactly 4 hours, I will be a senior.
In-Depth Approach, Lasting Change -Oakland Office, Rockridge BART
when you have to make regular stops at the dry cleaners for your blazer
haha I just like the Canucks one. Especially the Malkin rap. lol
Stay classy , San Diego !
I have now successfully baked four cakes following the directions on the box... That's Michelin Star worthy, right?
two door cinema club, fleet foxes, the shins, arctic monkeys, phoenix, beirut, mumford + sons, bon iver
preparing for a 21st centurt Learning presentation
Anyone else still sick about that game 7? Ugh!
what are you using? Should be able to drag it in over and over again for the full length of the track
you f*cked Cookie?
Lost 1 Squirrel for New Team Lunacy! Anyone wants to improv with 2 squirrels tweet me!
Shouldnt u be sleeping?? :)
palm trees and mist and mozzarella sticks?
It's a gorgeous day! (at least in chgo) get out and enjoy it!!
#OnMySpace when people would get butthurt because either they werent on your top friends, or they were all the way at the bottom. LMAO!
I have been thinking about the "new" ASD criteria. I agree revision is needed, but not removal of Asperger's Disorder. What abt u?
So I've had this Christmas present that was intended for my now-ex on my desk for five months. Fuck me I can't get over anything for shit.
come back
if you could only have one album to listen to right now which one would it be?
Good one Rich. You were prob the Dick head who hacked my acct. You fuckin geek.
no, i don't write him, he has to write me!
did u see her performance on the voice?
Bradford Morrow talks about THE DIVINER'S TALE on the next Avid Reader.
Bitch I'm on my way to whoop your ass
#takemeout my house is boring as fuck.
holy crap. WHATSUP.
Thanks for the follow from a fan!
When something good happens, I always take a sec to thank
Callie is to stupid for me lol :)
Funsize.. Thats not so badd.. && True he'll get taller . but i dont get it.. when u get OLD do u like shrink or sumthing?!?
I said "jk"
Yes Please Follow Me :D
Congrats to Daytona 500 winner! Way to go!
im so sorry i cant make it to your concert </3 :(
Nobody is perfect but you're perfect for me
He has no idea...
but I'm really into this fanfic I'm reading idk why.
": Victoria about to spazz out #LOL!"
Patience -- three lives from now you'll have overcome the phobia.
#IfIHadItMyway I will truly make this world a better place!
What do you think the chances are Mark Lyons comes to Arizona? What do you think it would mean for the Cats??
Artists, donors & organizations are unlikely to push for change in museums; it comes from communities. -Doug Borwick
Thanks to and , I am getting my share of conference system hold music today ;)
I need that
first vote<3
I wish it was hot enough to go bridge jumping .
DONE and DONE!
People will want to know who you are, and the 1st thing they do is go to your profile and look for a link to a site.
I would marry weezy just to have mixed babies.
see? I told you all he curses hahaha!
He's still getting around... There is no stopping him! lol
Well tomorrow's Wednesday... Sigh. Night...:)....
#Anaheim #Ducks have traded center #Ryan #Carter to the #Carolina #Hurricanes for minor-league forwards #Stefan #Chaput and
The Chat for Google extension for Chrome is very nice.
Whatever pale beer we had on tap at the time. Usually you just grab something cheap.
Happy Birthday! :)
Hello Dr Adanna. Can I come over? Love & miss you. Only been a day, but you now...
what's sup Tim looks like Peyton manning coming too broncos
well i kissed him.
GET UP SKC, it's GAME DAY!!!! Go #SportingKC! CJ necklace on. I am ready!
Pledge to America written by former AGI and Pharma lobbyist. Good, bad or who cares? Your thoughts please listeners
spending quality time with my family, love them to pieces
Think I want you still but it may be pills at work
you need a guard that will run the pic and roll, hopefully Baron is up to it. Losing Chauncy hurt you guys.
any friend of is a friend of mine :)
I think we can go ahead and say it's none of the ppl above :/
Good Luck DC Assault Alumni in NCAA Tourney!!!
my old stoppin' grounds!
Hope you taped it! Would love to see it.
ugh i know. LE CREY SO DISSAPPOINTEDDD
Love the title of this new cozy series :) Library Lovers Mysteries by Jenn McKinlay. "Books Can Be Deceiving" just came in & is a hit.
That's him
We turned Aaron into a werewolf last night. Screen tests for new videos, stay tuned.
She did...she looked at me all undereyed and cute...i'm still pissed. :-( I wanted to wear these shoes tomorrow.
Ugh, was gonna try to get to sleep at decent hour, just flicked on Gladiator, at the beginning!
glee is omg so deep today i love thus episode
A family stitched together with love-seldom unravels.
had an affair with a student at Western, wears tennis shoes with dress shirt and tie. I'm still not sold
#prsun #bxbiz - Attended a meetup @ Sunshine Suites 2night - Topic: entrepreneurial collaborations in #Bronx to make things happen. Yes!
Will trade white office paper and/or dishwashing services for tater tots
is it weird that I'm watching this on a Sat night or am I just getting old? :)
Had them WildCats beating Duke lol
By the way, first round it's Kevin Dineen vs Pete DeBoer who Dineen succeeded as Panthers coach.
I will be at Otay Ranch Farmers Market from 4-8 Tues 4/3 for the walk for animals, I will be giving away a free lunch for 2 and treats.
Then stay outta' the sun.
you've GOT to be kidding me... #seriously?
School's Out for Summer...watch out for little ones as you do your rides this summer!
I do a lot of dance videography, and starting a blog soon to share my insights on it. I use Pinnacle Studio for my editing.
A hot home-cooked meal can make you feel like you've gotten a hug. Stop in, we'll hug you all you want!
Krista Lopez right in front of Gaul in the box. From out of nowhere the freshman defender Whitney Jaynes comes flying in to block Lopez
All Time Low - I Feel Like Dancin'
Oven was off. I knew it was. But I couldn't remember the moment of turning it off.
Finally starting Spring Practice this week. It'll be great to get back on the field on Thursday.
Wow, being followed by Mona, so proud, alongside Paisley, Howard, Shelton and Lincoln!
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you're always next to me
"I've been Franklin" -- Thanks Holy Page!
Google Antrisity for baby and adult accessories including headbands, scarves, hats, jewelry, etc.!!
ur so right
We got caught in so much traffic so we can't make it to the Cal Tech concert but now we are shoppin' lol.
ps I have something in my apartment that's
Watching Mothers Day!!!New version!!
Coming Soon - MilwaukeeCoupons.com
you mean a frownie upside down (:
that's cool:)
Why was there no one on hand with a tissue?!
hey, shoot me an e-mail or DM me with your e-mail. I may have a resource for you depending on the time commit.
For Alumni Assoc. Life Members who plan to park at Alumni Hall on football gameday, we will tweet when the lot is full.
Watchin SummerSlam '95!! Undertaker VS The undertaker.. I got my money on The undertaker.
love this! thanks for the RT
I guess both. And do you have a link to your article? Don't know if I ever read it. :)
Bring these Wednesday?
hi I followed u. Hope u will follow back :)
Bout To Just Live My Life, This Is All Young && Quite Frankly I'm Tired Of It, I Deserve Someone Who Will Fight For Us , && Not Give Up .
sorry...just saw this...heading back for drinks soon
Are you ready for your big day? Don't forget to stretch and consider carbo-loading. Don't want to cramp up.
do you go to sleep away camp in the summer?
Listen to those who have already achieved, and think that we can do likewise
Hopefully getting my license TODAY! A little overdue (like eight months...) but FINALLY! I better pass...
loves that we're hyde'ing!
#rise&grind Up gettin ready 4 work, thanking God 4 being #blessed Humpday yay...2 more days till Friday! Everybody have a great day!!! :)
see you on the red carpet at ! Are you staying at the Maxwell? When's your film playing? Hope I get a chance to see it!
me 2 but I lost a year cause I come drone another country and stupid school couldn't translate my report card till now --'
Happy Veteran's Day...thank you for your selfless service and protection! WIthout your sacrifice, we wouldn't be free to live our dreams!
Yes! Digging "Stay Away From Me." It's got spunk!
Trying to convince the wee one that she was born at Twin Cheeks medical center in Buttcrackistan.
People watching since I forgot my book, magazine AND crossword book lol
What if and fell in love at #NACA?
I just took five extra strength pain relief pills. Shit...
What happened?
Very nice article, thanks for sharing!
hey man thanks for followin keep making dope ass beats!
i have 412 followers right now and that's pretty freakin sweet!
I got the best hookups and info to get hooked up for your music... I'll post more soon!
thanks so much - I'm going to schedule something with you today! I am totally looking forward to it.
LOL | RT : I live on 16th St. Hard to hear CNN over the celebratory gunfire coming from the West Wing.
thanks :D
IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT meets YOU'VE GOT MAIL.
SHIT!! Bill Clinton is coming to EP, & I have endorsed the gringo pretending he's 1/2 Mexican by calling his self BAYTOE! Clinton is pissed
I am watching a friend self-distruct with drugs. Not a pretty picture.
I want a teacher like MR FEENY.
Let the raining begin!
' webinar on March 28 w on mobile math and April 12 w on digital storytelling and iPads
Cat - what does an interdisciplanary approach mean?
had a great time at Radford today, can't wait for the fall.
"Most people run a race to see who is fastest; I run to see who has the most guts." -Prefontaine
Sending Sunshine from FL!!
Bossman brought lunch! Tomato Basil Soup...m so good :)
#WhiteSox game coming on in a minute. It's one of those horrible #Fox broadcasts.
Just because that camera didn't hit the player, that doesn't make this any less of a very serious issue.
will do
to get money for weed
I am a big pull through or back in person. I do not like not being able to see doesn't matter the parking lot
Giving rewards means lack of that reward is viewed as punishment. ex: students earning looser attendance means class is punishment
I hate when pol dont text me back.
yo u lucky u didn't come, we stranded in the water. Lol.
;) RT : #MentionTo your friend who has a cute dad.
AAVG looking sweet for this week coming up slow and steady...
sources say Jim Cuno will announce restructuring of Getty programs and significant jobs cuts on Monday. Staff on edge.
i agree. should have been a goal! They played better than AC Milan as well and deserved to win!
Glad to be back in the ville. Feel like I'm never hear anymore
I wanted to get sum liquor but i'm too scared to go outside
so, no salt?
It's happy hour at Sonic #Baltimore. 1/2 price drinks and slushes going on until 4pm. 8212 Liberty Rd. west off exit 18 off 695
Fuck yeah next paycheck imma buy my nocturnal wonderland tickets! Idgaf if i go alone.
well if you need company..;)
Had such a interesting evening. ;)
also wish a happy happy birthday!!
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment ?Ten ants !
thank you for raising awareness of my cousins story and supporting his sons. Bill's Seattle family misses him a lot!
well that wasnt smart.. cause im doing the same.. but i really dont want to cause my friends mean alot to me.
haha maybe we can start having conversations at o dark 30 in the morning. Orr you could come down to Tenn and do my practices :)
# WWW.MENUOFMENUS.COM. Check it! It's a cross promotion with us.
Blog issue resolved, thank you!
I hate it when your siblings hog the bathroom /: lol!
this the best tweet i seen all year
I can suck in my fat pretty good too!!!
can u hit me with an encore
Non-alcoholic Baileys coffee creamers.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. Earl of Beaconsfield
Farrakhan, Jackson, Sharpton, et al if they stop talking their spin they are all out of a job.
I love the view from Desert View in the #GrandCanyon. I haven't been out East Rim Drive in almost ten years.
lol yup 1130-730 I I'm the night manager at the double tree Hilton in Boston
That's so funny! His choice of music makes me laugh every time I walk out those doors lol!
Oh hey I'm spinning records tonight with at Blackbird! Also the always lovely will be bartending!
their backpacks are twice as large as they are.
Received the call today. Looks like Quin & Reed are starting work next month on Californication Season 6. Here we go again!
Q5a: Bike sharon so they can leave a bike, hop on a train hop off and get another.
Wow, what a long weekend - at least there is baseball on the horizon.
hahaha i know, it's kind of #pathetic but whatever. her posts are hilarious haha
You cant control the things that happen to you, but you can control the way you react to them. Its all perception.
People now days care to much about wat others say or think follow ur heart n mind not ur ears...
she's never on twitter just saying. took her AGES to follow me.
you got it
Watching #Revenge on dvr, so glad this show is back!!!
k should I go to new orelans mexico or the bronx
Duck pin bowling with the fam... Ellie won.
when i try to take a picture of my dog and he keeps moving <<<<<
On fire with rolling my r's today. Vamos a discutir "No oyes ladrar los perrrrrros".
Really digging Think Ink App from & It's like floaties for your voyage into the ocean of color palettes.
Good Morning :)
Purple Door is on Twitter!
Chibikart: The Race To Completion | equals zero
Cozart on fire.
More attendees and exhibitors arriving today. Looking forward to the Conference Opening tonight at 6:00 in the hall!
victims of #sextrafficking deserve to see beautiful things in life not just the dark! Help us help victims of trafficking.Sign up!
watching movies with my birthday boy! I love you Hope I can make the day great for you.
About to go night running. Got to take advantage of this amazing weather tonight.
someone teach me how to play dungeon and dragons please.
Start the trend right now! Once you get two people to do it, the rest will follow.
You dirty is hell.
me too!
Tweeting on my iPhone. This is hard to type on.
Ha I know. I'm trying to convince myself that not even my doing can mess something up that bad.
We are not Mexico, thankfully.
About to head to the wedding of the yr! One groomsmen already in jail! Bring on the church then off to the 18,000sq/ft mansion to party!!!!
rewatching entourage right now... Just as good if not better than watching a new show
The red carpet for the #Grammys should include sponsor activation. Pepsi visible from interview area.
Remember LiLLiES #HappyHour is ALL DAY Monday and Tuesday! $3 domestics, $5 rails, $6 house wine, and half price off apps!
Somebody is setting my #Steelers up with these fuckly fucking power outages
about to start school. You?
I know ! I was mad. /: I tweeted on my personal and told them to bring Cody back and they said it's a secret !
Craving some OB Noodle House!!!
introduced my teens to "Babylonian Gorgon" today - they thought it was pretty "hip" - still worship you.
I hate this town, it's so washed up and all my friends
this homemade cake tho >>>> oh yeah !
I cant wait MBAV!
Ready for the auditions, call-backs and BOOKINGS!!
Hope is wishing something would happen. Faith is believing it will happen. Courage is making it happen. Love makes it easy.
Just won 1st place in swing dance competition with !!!!
Even at 25 (almost) years old, I still LOVE Tina's Beef & Bean frozen burritos and ANY frozen mac and cheese. #guiltytweet BOMB!
Yes! #Easter RT : The closing video today at was one of the most powerful things I've ever seen at any church. Wow!
ah. I smell a cliffhanger.
man I do no how to spell I be n school writting god n english
Sandra Cook just proclaimed a National Teachers Day.
Working on post at the Hadassah-Brandeis Institute on a short doc about #MartinGrossman.Need more funding. How are things w/you?
it isn't safe for airport to take bags off plane when #obama is taking off? why does #tsa get paid to make sure bags are explosive free?
Pretty much have to be there: win, lose or draw. From Toledo, only a three hour or so drive to see #Raiders whip the
I dont even ask. Cuz they just gone lie.
- We agree. Massage is great for relieving stress!!
Tough one. ATV for itunes, Roku for Amazon/Hulu. Both have netflix. They balance each other well. My 2g atv no netflix.
~Josh BillingsPlenty of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn't stop to enjoy it .
Fridays and Tuesdays are great for me. What about you?
The good news is that Animal Collective is coming back.
Blazers BRASS better do something
I agree with Gizmodo that you should have the Muppets host the Oscars.
what if he's blind? #wontknowthediff? :P
Avoid social media campaigns as an after thought to media plan, form cross-functionally focus on basics 1st
I'm going to have to be careful opening my mail.
remember when Cameron Hurley had to sing with jordan for tay because she was sick
Many retailers will show pictures of their costumes with accessories that aren't included with the costume itself
Can i just sleep? :3
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
Night and god bless all :)
i'll come get it after my workouts tonight
:x lol when we don't need our brain cells of course ;)
Internet Talk show, June 21st 10-11am PCT Topic: Media Sex Scandals: Is it about SEX or POWER? www.Drrosie.com, click on listen live
Mike Allen and the #Politicolive folks should learn how to pronounce Oshkosh.
The point of a relationship is to make the other person as happy as you can, because their happiness adds to yours.
Bye ,going to bed ,sweet dreams :-*
Urgent Prayer Request! My aunt Christine just passed away.
If u don't like or respect me for who I am then
Yes, we're wearing our red in TX, too! Gov. Walker is trying to force WI teachers to be as badly off as the ones in TX!
Just hanging at the beach on Christmas Eve, no big deal.
Listening to young forever by ready set pumped up to skate now!
We believe that Buffalo is one of the greatest cities in the USA'! Get out party! ;)
TV mogul&#39;s boxing gym aims for U.S. Olympic glory
a lot of people owe me a lot of stuff >:( are you one of them???.
and just what am i gonna see
thanks jamie. I like your julia y julias blog.
Work out then gonna get ready for work.
I'm too bored in here too though..
Get out of my mind.
It bodes well for NASCAR's new digital partnership with #Twitter that appears to be an Arsenal supporter.
Driving on the highway is fun as hell
here and checked in! On my way to public meeting!
State of the Union! Get on it!
U r so very welcome. I'm excited 2 b linked 2 a legend u nutured, Garth Brooks. His mgr is renovating my plantation. Luv u guys!!
I still have mine from 2010!
I consider myself a professional at stealing the covers from my girlfriend while we're sleeping.
Hey ! In LA this week & some1 out here just raved about u & they eat there every trip to Chi! Will stop in when back home! :)
hook a brother up ;) haha
"Good morning" "Good morning" "Do you have something against me?" Da FUCK? Lmfao
yes! it would be great to do a project using twitter data
don't act sick! :D
OMB!!! i'm so obsesed of #boyfriend video it`s so amazing & SEXY!
an earthquake a hurricane...jersey has never been so TURNED ON!
THIS RIGHT HERE. RT I have no idea why #Glee has to revolve around Rachel.
But you can't say that you didn't see that coming.
About to pass out, so tired. .__.
jays vs pirates? Oh yes!
u are so tweet! thanks for #ff. i'm perfect garden gnome size!
Man they making every excuse for the sorry ass heat
DOH - totally did it wrong. Where's Everyone Goin For New Year's - we're going to Wasilla, Talkeetna, and Fairbanks!!
exactly how I look when I mop ;) all beautiful thanks to you, mrs. Svay!
Zombie movies do the body good. Free comic book day tomorrow!
2,977 People, 10 Years, 4 Planes, One World. R.I.P. to all the victims of 9/11, 2001. You will always be remembered.
Thanks ! Cause it's not like I'm gonna drive to like LA anytime soon so SF would be nice btw where do u live ? US? :)
Welcome to Milwaukee, Trent Lockett.
I'm in Tampa but I won't be going! Next year fo sho! :)
We love film too. Good thing we can process *almost* everything under the sun! Let us know if you're looking for something special!
MacA Park update: walked around lake. Got yelled at by 6different people and saw 3 others urinating in public. Still under double digits!
I was scared there were aliens coming!!!
(a shout-out) This morning, I stumbled upon "the unicorn of baked goods" at - the PUMPKIN DOUGHNUT MUFFIN. yum
haahaha i know! I was stupid back then..
We are we are The Youth Of The Nation!
Hello medium roast my old friend! You always start the morning right!
We love you. But, we're not in the phone book under "agency." You have to look under "3 dipshits from Texas".
Sorry now avail here too. New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Washington, D.C., California, and Texas
you know people be jeffin when yo shit Don't even b tight foreal but they always retweetin it or liking it # kill yoself
I'm at office :) I really happy to come back here :) !!!
you've got to admit, for a shaved talking cat, Carville is pretty amazing
Im horrible with touch screen phones!
Then is definitely time to get it fixed!
My heart is breaking for Lindzi, but Courtney has sure played the game well && we all know he is going to choose her.
no prob so how sit goin
Its about the that time I watch a novela :-)
I am definitely interested. Do you of some actors within the area that could benefit including yourself?
LOL put them in and pop em out !!
Work your way to the top. Don't freeload your way there. It's shows what type of person you are.
Happy Birthday ! XOXOXOXO!
you got it madam
I do not want to go to school today.
Happy moms day to all the great moms out there #dearmomma #asongformomma all day
I've also only ever had one dude bring me flowers. WTF?
I'm not afraid to speak my mind.
you won't role up the windows and blast the heat like old times.
Convrats on your good news! Sweet dreams :)
The market opens at 10am today with Sing Leslie performing at noon
Meditate, Levitate, Regulate.
& which guy that actually has respect for themselves would want a chick like that. Shit I know I wouldn't haha
Psycho (1960): Wonderful to watch this film for the first time in a movie theater. People actually screamed during the "stairs scene". :)
Wish! 73% of CEOs don't believe marketers contribute to the bottom line
Havent talked to the beautiful in a while :| no bueno.
The police department needs to foster trust with its citizens to change things. Treat your community well. #Baltimore Major Russell
How do you measure the success of your events? I hope it is NOT only in numbers.
Are you at #bmorehistoric? Use the hash tag, tell us what you're doing.
taking over the greater eastern seaboard with
After a tiring but fun night last night, just woke up now to chinese food given to me from mommybear. Going back to sleep soon. :/
GET MONEY IN DA BANK ON WHEN YA GOOD...
I'm comin back beginning of august
Really? Yeah, right up left down is the norm. How odd of Porsche to stray from the standard...
You're right. Your teachers are super excited for you! You've got our vote all the way. :-)
Thank you for the mention - glad to be in touch with you here on Twitter.
Packed matinee for at the !! Check out our rave review on !!!!
Let me go and sweep and mop the kitchen. Shit. Been reading this shit for hours and I lost my whole day laughing.
fits yesterday's #HAchat right on the money, huh?
what a game! #salute !
I just thought how hilarious it would be if he had a big "Mission Accomplished...For Real This Time" sign hanging behind him.
nice car? Mayback Excelero......google it........sick!
New Features Starting Saturday: Kobe Beef Cheek Ravioli ,pan roasted shiitake, walnuts, pomegranate seeds,goat cheese crumbles $10.95 yum!
#Friday. It's Friday
Cat or pillow?
Thanks! Scoring that juvenile justice journalism fellowship from CUNY's John Jay College really helped.
Let's pray for Tyler Perry Studios, and Tyler Perry
I love that!
Heads up #OKC - tonight is Whiskey Chick's owner Kevin McCracken's birthday! He's turning 21 again ;)
DRG Rep the crew..
Next Thursday is my last day at SBD before I join in marketing + biz development. I turn this account over to SBD as I leave.
Just blame me. Easiest thing to do.
Sheldon begins searching weird options when looking for a new friend, watch and see what he's doing tonight at 6:30!
LOL I JUST SAW A FRIEND IN A COMMERCIAL THAT I HELPED WRITE IMBD MY CREDITS U CANT I WRITE SHIT THAT DOESNT GET EM YET LOL ONE DAY
My first batch of Kombucha is great but lacks fizz. Oh, fizz, what did I do wrong?
Marwencol (2010): Line b/t art and therapy & fantasy and reality are explored in this doc of an artist fighting to regain his Self. 4:5
im so used to staying up late that im never tired anymore.
Corn for dinner - fresh - wonder where these ears were grown?
In two weeks we will be in first by 3-4 games
I'm a teacher, no commute, house and school have wi-fi. #NewiPad w/ or w/o #4gLTE - advice? What about gigs?
I'm developing my book into a Broadway cabaret act with short readings and taking THAT show on the road as my book release tour. Thoughts?
For I am my mother's daughter, and the drums of Africa still beat in my heart. ~Mary McLeod Bethun
the quick green fox jumped past the tired dog.
Heat look good
Got script revisions for "The Device" this Saturday. I shall be ready!
Congrats to my other brother man. I wish your family nothing but wealth, Health & happiness. Love homie
This article only goes to prove that unions cont' to give back concessions and still cont' to be attacked.
This is not their [stds] fault - stems from bad parenting, bad teaching and media bombardment.
Looking for portland bands to potentially collaborate on a project that involves crazy fractals and depth-sensing technology. Suggestions?
David Stern on level of concern w Pacers attendance: it's being addressed by aggressive marketing, think you'll see continued uptick next yr
Wait did Madison leave the ICONic Boyz? I seen it on a page but I wasn't sure! ~Ashley
If you are upside down, how can we help to get you right side up?
You and us both!
Really enjoyed visiting with today in Seattle.
Stop by on your lunch break today to find yourself a new apt! Spring leasing specials won't last long! #BallparkNeighborhood 2200 Market
You are too previous Jason Segel!
Adobe's "Deblurring feature" still doesn't save you from taking a shitty photo.
So sick I just wanna sleep and eat cold stuff
my point is avg people are losing anything but psychological wages in doing so
You guys aren't enjoying this game?
(I hope) Sparks fly as we collide...
that is why you are going to make a great CVP #2legit 2quit
just down the road from me
Dude, fuck your grandma's cookbook. Superfuck it.
Actress Freida Pinto spent hours online researching chimpanzees to prepare for her role in Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes.
Dear Tyhir, Please get your feet out my neck so I can get some sleep...
Just a few more hours to get your 50% off a Rejuvenation Facial at Wauwatosa Wellness center on www.crowdclick.com -don't let it pass you by
Thanks for sharing. This is definitely something to Tweet about!
Abby said that, right?
not true. you could kill a vegitarian. haha
iM SO CONFUSED :D
To promote responsible retention use a day-forward approach to handle current info. Then handle old info as a project.
hey what's up...yeah I'm back
Should you see an orange on this picture, then you're Einstein.
There's something boiling inside me.
Eagles don't fly with the pigeons
Way to copy my reply -.- lmao & good times
He's the worst texter ever hhah ;p
Me, too! RT : I really really wish I could present as well as
But really...
the Salvation Army ladies have left. Cariboi bois are now supplying my daily allotment of overhearing malicious gossip.
Goodnite my queen
Back from the Big Sugar concert - those guys still know how to put on a good show!
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 1
This is what occupation looks like.
yay! Thank you.
You never made sense to me but that is part of why I love you.
long real relationships > >
Overheard: I understand the system, I'm just saying its fucked
Wed @ the Moose - Lamb and Tomato Stew w/ Cauliflower and Kalamata Olive - Tempura Shrimp Tacos -
Denied preferred boarding on 2026 this morning despite zone 1. It's like y'all try to find a new way to make me angry every trip
Every catastrophe? Let's hope that doesn't include the TSA strip search.
who was it and where do they work?
I start reading AdAge this morning with my Mud coffee. In 10 min, Internet is down in the company. Universe thought reading was a good idea.
We can't control where abused children come from, but we can have something to do with where they end up!
offers up "Going Gaga" as a methodology for our world today, which our disciplinary practices haven't prepared us for
Totally late in replying, but thanks!
Eat shit Josh Beckett I knew I shouldn't have started you tonight
we are thinking at least MWF...
Where you at
RT : Had a great conversation with Very excited about the future!
you rock!
+1 on dogs with sideburns
Had to move the ordination service from the church of reconciliation to university Presbyterian because of the numbers of attendees
#PACERNATION fuck all the haters. Who is sorry now?
I've been awake for lik an hour & I cant go back to sleep! -.-
just a supercut of all coach taylor's pep talks.
ITS COLD !
I can really be myself around him. :)
Just got a call from someone Wren Building (oldest college building in US). They want a QR code for a sign.
Seven hours later I am back at home, embracing my beloved Internet.
Less expensive compared to where? Sometimes Binny's has sales. They're all usually around the same price point, though.
which article?
Just got back from Rhode Island packing for Florida now.
morning chad! How was the best of your day yesterday?
Damn, are there any UK Beliebers online.If yes please tweet me a link of Justins interview where he talks about Jerry.
Thanks, Kathy. I appreciate the support and encouragement. Glad you liked my pic of Mt Tabor too. I love foggy mornings & trees.
Thanks! RT : Friday Follows -Cheers !:
reading this as I drive through Monson! Lol. and I missed our exit back to ny. LOTS OF TAGSALES HERE. DEAL$
Trying to explain why you aren't guilty to the police is like trying to convince a newborn that crying is illogical...
Way to go, James!
I have a friend from the province of New Brunswick; people thought she came from NJ Turnpike Exit 18.
And act like the men they defeat while becoming part of the Washington "culture."
I hate my sinuses!! Ugh!!
Stay and Play starts at 9:30!
Are you kidding me
I'll be in Vegas Sunday to Wednesday - hit me if you'll be out there during that time :)
get in touch with our party coordinator Lauren Diehl, her phone number is 414-276-2337 ext 103, she'll help you out!
Kids in the back seat can cause accidents.Accidents in the back seat can cause kids.
I have been getting sign ups but I don't see them in my downline.
I'm just going to assume you Retweeted that cuz you think i'm supercool, not cuz you're making fun of me
Tyler pimping #EMC and #VNX at the first #VCE event in PA! How's that for hashtags? null
So strange - my students could do similar effects on PP - but they were a revelation in 1977!
was saved by my smart phone. Hyatt wanted $15 to scan and email 3 pages. Found a #FedEx store 2 blocks away that did it for $6.
Dream Job will be sharing the stage with States WedSept.14 8pm This will no doubt be a fun show!
thanks for the follow now i can mess with u on twitter instead of doing it @ the front desk
Hahah have fun!
don't think Obama made the right move for our black community!!
Welcome, Claire! Thanks for the support! That coffee date we had really set me on a great course :) xoxo
Oh no. :( RT : Police says a plane with 21 people on board has crashed in Nepal -
I'm a CPA - what services are you looking for?
Ohio City hangouts.
Everything is pissing me off today. No April Fools.
So good! I gave it a standing ovation :). Behind the scenes clips were cool, too. Identity. Choices. Rock&Roll.
When the leaves have fallen from the trees, do we grow together entirely?
Thanks! More to come in just a little while. RT : love the match day pics!
Awkward train ride with again. Lol.
Dragoning it up with Emily and
hey! My name is chelsie & I was wondering if you can sing happy birthday to me on your austream!? I'd love that(: plz reply?
I'm overwhelmed! Just found a book that's depressingly close to my topic. Hoping the weather is decent for my drive tomorrow.
Love the #aprilfools initiative by This is going to be a 4/1 on the network... Might be wise to simply not log on.
I like to drive late because there's almost no cars out so it gives me space and time to breathe, relax, and think.
I noticed your post and wanted to tell you that thegympro.com has great workouts that would be perfect for you. Check it out
I wonder why lol
"The fine print doesn't matter when you're cashing in your dreams.." Get your tickets for our last weekend before it's too late! 3234628460
Follow back :] LOL your username is classy ;] :D
yes! Please get rid of her this week. She's good, but it's been long enough!
#BCEagles fans - are you happy with what you are seeing out there? What is going on with the play calling?
Wow, that was a great fuckin show. I feel infused with inspiration. Or maybe that's just Virginia Corbett's ice cream.
Thanks! Hope you had a great long weekend with the fam. (I'm totally in Alice withdrawal here now that contract's settled, ha!)
Much better, good recovery!
RT : Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. -Danny Kaye
Your thoughts create your reality...
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers reading this. And I wish you happy memories of your own mothers, too. www.lindaswift.net
Was this National Share TMI on Social Media week? I'm all for transparency, but turn on the brain to twitter filter.
Today was by far one of the most fun days I have EVER had at work...if I can even call it work. Thanks boys
Thank God for another day above ground.
RT : RT : "I be chillin" might be the best phrase, it's so simple but so complex lmao
it's probably bc i didn't grow up near a beach, but i am endlessly entertained by waves almost knocking me over.
Hnng.. I hope my fyzzed shirts are here before I have to leave tomorrow. I want to wear one to karaoke
got it thanks!
maybe just a little ;)
Hey wanna come make me feel better with a hug because you love me lol:) RT for yes, follow me on for no:)
take me
Anyone going to the Bristol race in August?
ThomasTrading845 on eBay!!!
I think it had a lot to do with the setting. Elevator as the door closes haha. Random.
Berggren for three again and the #Badgers have built up a 6-point lead. 15-9 with 12:03 left int he first
aw dang.
I'll get down there soon, just not tonight. :(
he passed for all of them as well.
News Fan explains why he threw hot dog at Tiger Woods
It's determined by his percentage of disability the VA gives him for his diabetes.
Procrastinator? Do you have paralysis by analysis? Always too much time thinking and not enough doing?
Kentucky's roster currently stands at 12. They could sign another guy and still give both Malone and Long scholarships next year.
cole wanted me to talk to you about coming over tonight?
After the pool one day? Oh, of course.
GIRLS ALOUD ARE RECORDING AGAIN. I NEED A BUCKET FOR ALL THESE TEARS. I'M SO HAPPY. FINALLY. AH! <3
FESU Will be taking our songs to the stage headlining Mercury Lounge in NYC on December 5th. Cupcakes will be served. Damn Right!!!
I can't get over DMX on Couples Therapy on VH1 B...
Yooo we gon shut it down again tonight!!!
Blueberries Lane
Experienced my first migraine ever today. NEVER. AGAIN. kthx.
Need some pop bands for a showcase in november! Email
It'd be great if you didn't touch me in the morning. Seriously. Do not touch me.
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati - Shred Head
Come through Willis party this Saturday at Palm Gardens for his celebrity bash
It's been revoked? What the hell, thin's my middle name? All dressed up and no one to blow? Go spit? ;)
May the Lord our God watch over thee until we meet again.
#oomf is cute but i dated her friend.
sweet!! Hope you love it! Take a pic!
...seriously, why is this so much work?
Sorry! Account must have been hacked. Password has been changed. Sorry about the confusion!
that's probably why net meeting and adobe connect have been promoting hard to consumer markets lately!
Didn't you say that last year too? No wonder your invite keeps getting lost in the mail :)
NFL is so overproduced for TV now. It's been years since I watched. Time to dial it back. No pro player should have to make those lame poses
the man is in the building!!!!!
all is good bro...and u?
What kind of guy Kimberly's daughter is NOT allowed to date... help us out!
TRIVIA: What is the legal term for a voluntary written statement made under oath?
Happy Birthday !!
i mean igot the app on my ipod ,, but its soo far away !
beautiful soul is playing in walmart #throwbacks <33
whoa he's cute:)
U was my first ever follower lolRT hey twubby.
love you and miss you too! yup, I joined twitter.
lol yea but not the meaning in the dictionary..lol we came up with our own
Why would any girl like cum in their face.... It's a #Disgrace to yourself and #WomenKind Plus Bitch Thats just
Matt, hoped you liked the sound of that chord. Did you score it for the choir?
We like to follow local NEO twitters to show support for CLE.
Leff: "All ontological entities have been re-coded in economic values"
I was in 6th period and my teacher was behind me and he had his dick all up in back. I was like "WTF DUDE?!"
Dave is giving away stuff today -- actually it was to a young woman from the neighborhood who just finished her Math 111 final -- congrats!
Working on this children's line is super motivating and fresh. Stoked to move that feeling back over to
I felt like I was at the doctor for my truck... had to take him to emissions testing. I was nervous. He passed with flying colors!!!
not true lol
fat girl wearing a shirt that says get fit
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
MONSTER DUNK BY J.WISE!!!
you got it hash will be available tomorrow...
Im so tired I forgot I was tired
holliday park has awesome ruins and back trails
Whatchu talking about doing?
You too? Yeah! : Sunday Funday
Florida Swagg For Now
Did someone change my phone's keyboard to sound like a typewriter?
yay! I love new bff's!!!!
"Lack of responsibility on your part, does not constitute an emergency on mine"
It was nice to finally meet you at #140cuse last week. I enjoy your hoops articles!
#AwkwardMoment when someone does something you didn't think they would do in the first place and I like it lol ;D
Tomorrow is Friday and i need to see my dentist.
I might!! what does it look like??
looking forward to the 1st #plpnetwork synchronous chat
#lgovsm maybe but sometimes personal feels riskier than hiding behind corporate identity Need to be open to some risk
Woop! Just scooped two 3-day passes to 2012! Ready for round 2 with
LIfe is what make it and right now its time make it happen
Avs in Phoenix tonight.. Will we win?
I'm tired of this play calling. Really
it is exactly the same as when I left.
Lmao.. You gone be playing next year?
Way to put 2 & 2 together! :) That's pretty funny.
"Your habits determine your character"
appreciates you actually reading the doc to get some tangibles, thanks!
well going to lay down someone text me.. night.. have a blessed sleep
After watching : The secret isn't making smart parts smarter. It's about making the dumb parts irrelevant.
thank you! :3
Thanks for the great feedback on Guerrilla Usability session! love your bio on #drupalconsf site!
okay :D
Not in terms of reporters competing to see who's the biggest fan. Just you wait, you'll see I'm right one day.
skype with my lil LA shorty it's been a minute
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 33
Coronado has some great spots to catch #AmericasCup race!
New photo/avatar: a colonial (1730s) American token by Samuel Higley of Simsbury, Connecticut - "Value Me as You Please"
omg, hahahaha this is amazing! LOL, they know I want them , ahahah lol jkay, but thanks! (:
I think the end of matchy-matchy for most brides, but some still too traditional and don't "get" it.
You don't know the first thing about what Facebook has come to.
tried it, loved it. :)
Lots of memorizing and practicing to do tonight, without feeling over-rehearsed. What is your favorite way to memorize presentations?
Of course deserves a spot in the
Introduced some community docents to storytelling. Had a library show no one showed for. Attended a great Wellness Forum in Long Beach. FUN!
"It's ok to give; Obama is now president." -- breakdancing kid on the Q train
people are fucking shady.
Shout out to cotton eye joe
I am not familiar!! Smh! Who said they was they Lying
My Pandora playlist played Dropkick Murphys "state of mass." earlier. Now I don't want to do anything but watch Nitro Circus! Lol
RIP Heavy D gonna miss u
at 0:28 that was actually
#HealthCare bill is gonna be overturned.
Kinda getting sick of band names that reference violence towards women, however "punk" or "funny" it might seem to the members.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x9
Not yet ... you haven't signed it!! :)
AvantGarb is headed to Orlando this week! We would love to visit!
Ouch Phil! Looked like somethin off Happy Gilmore!
I kinda feel bad for the evil queen... I can kinda see how she hates Snow White...
Divide and conquer? How about consolidate and overcome.
No nuts!
Interactive music booth at Poulsbo Street Dance and Kids stage in the gazebo Aug 13th 3-9pm Savor style
Mention this tweet and get half off any regular priced drink for the REST of the day today!
Was not into being a part of twitter, mostly standing on the sidelines watching the plays develop. Now want to get involved.
News nerds.
The truth of art keeps science from becoming inhuman, and the truth of science keeps art from becoming ridiculous. -Raymond Chandler
"The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity." Thomas J. 'Tom' Peters
i apoligize for my tweets a few weeks ago... way out of line, i do love first take tho, especialy skip.
I won't trade him for Granger I would trade Fields for George though
Picking up the new spectacles today...finally. These are the things I look forward to now...
I don't want a relationship where people say 'they look cute together'. I want 1 where people will say 'look how happy they are together'.
awesome!!!! got this on full volume. thank you
Anyone else nervous? The markets move into unchartered territory tomorrow. Let's keep our fingers crossed that the markets don't overreact!
Can't find any schema for Twitter's API's return values. This is both annoying and impressive. We're not in Enterprise-land anymore, Toto...
loved what
Lol my daughter can't stand this toy..but she always seem to have it in her hands
What? I Did I Really Did Talk 2 Da Homie.
how come you were icing your knee a couple of days ago?!
Robert Glasper Experiment just discovered new planets in DC
Our weekend is pretty packed already (remember, both Saturday and Sunday plans). Alas.
would think the jury is still out on Freeman.
Not 1 piece of legislation, no rhetoric, no party bickering, no stimulus money and not one taxpayer dollar and I am creating JOBS, JOBS,JOBS
On cloud 9! Article accepted on our framework process for developing media resource support here at Minnesota.
Chillin at school waitin for the day to end so we can get on that field for the first time.
it was not your day, darlin. I'll make you chai again in the morning...tomorrow's a new day!!!
is getting big everyday follow yall
How many years ago did that come out, like 4? Also those who are unaware, that is how much anime used to be priced. $30-$40 for 2-4 eps.
Also... we love when people say thank you! So thank you for saying thank you!
Thank you mother for taking me to school since I overslept.(:
I think we're just going to set up an auto-RT on everything writes tonight.
So very happy my #nagw2011 talk isn't the same time as
YOU SPELLED MY NAME WRONG!-___- and love you too!
Special Congrats from US to the Warriors Football on a Record Breaking Season!!! VERY PROUD WE ARE!!!!
My dog is a star. Go to the Morgan county humane society website. Far left <3
ONE-LINER: Whoever said nothing was impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
go with the new iphone ! Then you have the newest features and stuff like that !
Never have Luck in love ..
Good! I actually thought of you when I was wanting to be at the Festival of Books this weekend. :) Are you going?
OMG....yes! Let's hope for a better second half! This is just too painful to watch at the moment!
Talking down on the West no need to wear that vest we take head shots
lol today is a good day :)
Happy Friday Promo tonight
if you do take your shirt off please take pictures and post them.
BEAUTY TIP: Everyone loves a nice hand cream as a stocking stuff -- even guys!
ha same the girl thing ain't good Dm me an ill tell u why
now if only he did that in a #Mariners uniform..
nice c: call me soon!
that's like my 3rd favorite game, behind boggle and slug-bug!
#CatQuotes "are buffalo nuggets spicy"
The theme of the conference is "beyound aid research and innovation as a key drivers for health, equity and development
no way, here's doing! I'm writing a novel with a woman as main character, attempting to change it all (no pressure ;)
the sad part is the looks on there faces when we tell them they cant come in with out it...and they know the rules
crate digging never stops. Find some for the rest of us...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 247
I'm the person people hire haha. Must be nice being handsome! Werk!
That's sweet! Thanks for the follow! Loving all the info and learning to use twitter
Confs at home are absolutely weird. A little too much! I remember having 2 in Denver 1 year. Ugh! But hey-- I'll buy ya a drink!
Do you want to know a good way to fall in love? Just associate all your pleasant experiences with someone,
2:00 in the am we still in the studio
I'll give you ..... A piece of gum Socks Peanut butter ANN CLOWNS IF YOU FOLLOW
Nothing like sweating my ass off during my final in Lambert.
Show me how to love .
This tornado stuff is really scary...and I live in a place were there shouldn't be tornados..ugh.
in touch with our music director Sam Gravelle
yah.... It's basically a "what's new, what's good" list... the blurbs definitely could've been much better.
Interview this Friday! That's swizz!
Going to get another month membership at the gym 5 days a week for 4 weeks getting it in!!
Almost to 300 followers. Does that mean I am almost to a different level of intelligence??? NOT!!!!
Hi I'm graduating in like 3hrssss
Nice. That one has been bugging me too.
"You're never given anything in this world that you can't handle. Be strong and just keep moving forward."
empty vm and call me. Smiles
FF Working for young children in MA!
I never fail to be impressed by the solidity of the stunts! And tumbling off tha chain!!
great game tonight jay-r we enjoyed you playing here this year youll be missed. good luck in the future go ducks!
The guy to my right has the same headphones as me! I got mine for free, but they're really nice Bose earbuds.
glad u noticed :) RT: I adore (little big burger) right down to their little plant based straws. Earth Day fast food! Yum!
A big welcome to our new followers
which eagles?
#chargers pick #melviningram #southcarolina ALL SEC
ok deal
Text the words "EPICCHURCH" to 41411 to sign up 4 alerts
has an iPhone with a whole apple on it.
followed him
We do know that no one gets wise enough to really understand the heart of another, though it is the task of our life to try. -L. Erdrich
#QuestionoftheDay: If you have visited other #campuses, would you recommend others do the same to get a new perspective?
IT'S GAMEDAYYYY :) CINCO DE SPORTING
#PlansForTheSummer GAY BAR WITH MY STRAIGHT FEMALE ENGLISH TEACHER. Lmfao.
Nice beautiful Saturday morning thank the lord for letting me see another day got the playoff 12"s now time for a power nap
oh man this is me everyday
I will stop a story after the first chapter, and sometimes after the first few paragraphs if the writing or plot is bad.
Keep your mouth closed and let your eyes listen
movie night with the besties
Just saw #AttacktheBlock. Great flick! Very funny. Bound to be a cult-classic!! :-)
beadles forever !
FYI RT : Strip club etiquette: Don't lick your strippers back. This is frowned upon : (
I love red on a red-head.
hahaha yeah, it's kinda fun xD
Not even tired
Thanks for the story pickup, Ricardo.
I'm probably not going to open the instagram app for while, or check facebook, only because I already know what coachella looks like
Looking forward to #OrchidShow this weekend!
I try to do what I can do when I can do it! Lol
we have our ways...
20 days and counting to LoveVoodoo Fest!!!
RT : : i got #swag. <I understand now. I'm sure if you use a little cream it will go away.
. Brought my son to his first baseball game today. It's bringing back mempries of my first game with my own dad.
Oh hello (;
fridays gonna be a really good day!:)
Up at 3am, my normal witching hour. Facebook is telling me to "write something..." but I got nuthin!
Deals On Posters All Weekend! Check us out at Musical Stop.com !!!! The on Stop Shop for ALL Indie Artists!!
yeah... Mine suck. HARD.
I don't understand why you have to wake up so early on Christmas. The presents are still going to be there when you get up.....
Kingdom Builders on norfolk
I will be getting Batman, Nightwing, Red Hood, Catwoman, Justice League, SuperGirl and some Wonder Woman. Just a few books
how cool would it be if you gave me a shout out on YouTube!!!!!! :D
wish there was a like button on twitter some times!
So so happy and pleased right now.
Special day Brian Tracy and more surprise guests. MSMMFusionToday
The thought of living this close to you makes my heart flutter...
Starting out with Patrick this morning..."because is sucks" isn't a good reason
I wondered but wasn't sure. Maybe just during the week?
This is for the summer, but we'd love for you to submit a post now if you like. Follow up with for deets.
kinda wishing i was a tween today.
john coltrane's - equinox.... mmmmyeah. take 5 at 6 is killing it tonight. I love 89.1 fm
Holy Moly #sxsw day number 2 was so awesome. So much learned. looking forward to day three!
Just got my cookie package - they taste so natural and full of yummy ingredients!
25 days without my iPhone. Sigh. Back.
"tweet not sent , saved to drafts."
Care to follow me ?
never-ending finger-pointing if Vitt blames GW, maybe RG figured that was most they cld give?
Time is going by so fast.Which means summers almost here. FINALLY.
I admit, most my friends who watch hentai are Asian-American, but there's also hispanic, white, and black friends too
I leave you to your... moosey fate.
i guess i just have to work my ass off after spring break and get my grade up if i stay in the 50% area then im fine I really hate homework!
Not sure but I believe the winner of this contest gets to work with Tom Antion
Wow Jacob... u wrong for that
Working LanPow that's all! What's up friend?
Liam's is a turtle.
is really loving our new NYC office HQ located above the world famous - entry by secret password only :)
lol they really do RT Some people comment on FB statuses just to be seen....SMH...
ooohhhh!!! have fun!!!
The USF Bulls had a nice game but fell a little short last night against #Syracuse...hopefully they can bounce back.
Overnight Delivery for $6... I hate Reese Witherspoon, but I love Paul Rudd. Yay or nay?
": I'm just not cute enough for people to like me. #whatever"
Thanks for sharing at DC #GEW kickoff! Great advice for idea stage ent's. Have you heard of ' work at GU & beyond?
Now I'm curious. I wonder how many #MLS ownership groups are directly tied to Goldman Sachs.
": I'm a huge Colts fan but i'd say their done for. #SuckForLuck..." I'd say you're not alone.
Did we mention that there's no credit check for our discount card? We're just sayin'! www.diversityplatinum.com
story of my life
Hey #SDSU did you know you can get an ice cold #mix1 at any Aztec Market?
hey. I may need your services. Give me a shout when you can so we can discuss
Does watching basketball while singing showtunes put me smack dab in the middle of the whole Kinsey thing?
& if you want these kinda dreams it's Californiacation.
it is the worst. Someone only joined the team as a joke and made fun of the team while on it.
I believe this bravery calls for a celebration! I hereby decree a stroll down mass ave hunting for chocolate & wine for you! Xo
Just finished getting ready... to go where you ask? Nowhere in particular just got really bored!
your good to go !!!
can u wash mine too..lol :)
no hes in cuba.
The new bi-weekly payday is tomorry. Now I can see Los Avengers this weekend. Good news for me... for my fellow employees, not so much.
Gosh, why are you so beautiful? (:
Did you get the new iPad 3? Have an iPad 2, the iPad or just a general interest? Come to Intro to iPad Monday, April 2nd at the FFL at 3pm
the message spoke right to my heart. Thanks for being so obedient to Holy Spirit.not usually home Sunday mornings to hear you.
If the world doesn't end on December 21, 2012, I have a feeling there will be a lot of babies born on September 20, 2013.
A day without Jake , I dunno how to spend it .
formality my ass... he crossed the finish line first. how difficult is that to understand?
thank you for the post. It was very helpful.
LMAO raquan done gave me the lauggh of the night
oh Ard good looks buzzin his twitter don't pop .. Lol
i sure will follow you i always follow back
Has something happened this afternoon? Been out cutting the grass.
So...Anyone want a shoutout?!:D
What up Ricky??? Cool meeting you today..have a good night and good luck with the callback! :)
LeTip is having 2 power breakfasts w/all suburban & city chapters in Oct. If u want to sign up [$30 b4 Oct 15] let me know, I'll send form.
Another insane nite is coming!The euro Family will be on fire as always!cant wait
Michael Jordan wore 23, Bobcats just lost their final 23 games....kinda eerie
I know I already married my favorite Jewish guy but dang
Woke up too damned early & am already exhausted before 11am.
Listening to while practicing the guitar! Instructor Dan said I had to cut my nails short :(
Poor Memphis.
Where are we going? RT #teamburnham Who's ready to go? #letsskidoosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Got it, looking at everything right now. Also, you should connect with 's looking for an internship-can u help?
Every time someone uses the #SXSW hashtag a new location based app is released.
Lol who watches korra this late at night? (x
Hey that's great that you sold your first pattern, Congratulations.
I've had to pee since 2005....finally
My mom and Boyfriend are more alike then they may think
We see an outdoor bar in our future. So nice out in NYC today!
Are you the brutal heart that ive been looking for? 'Coz if you're looking for love you can look for the door.
I don't stink you freaken crusty creep !
I meant weekend. I talk too damn much and ran out of my 143 lol
: not you my man.
Sanity, not just for the left anymore.
Thank you, ! Miss you lots
ha ha I may be there this summer sometime lol ATL always holding me down
EAST Coast & West Coast funk Unite! Friday night live at 9pm at w (NYC)
Lol you cant hang!
You'll still get it. Patience my friend...
Staying home by yourself on 4/20 and pretending to get that context high
Just one more day until Richard Dawkins and Bad Religion at !
need to finish this hw but i dont wanna be reading about loneliness in old age on a sunday night!
I just laid there in protest, entirely fucked. It's such a stubborn reminder one perfect night's not enough.
RT : turning??? // Har har. I just programmed a meteorite to destroy Dublin. I hope you lied on your twitter bio.
That's funny cause I'm washing dishes!
How does it feel not knowing if you'll ever be able to stand without pain again?
let me guess. It was Kashmir! You go sell out Jimmy Page. Fuck that, the Godzilla sondtrack rocked!!
We get the feeling you're not the only one. Especially in this city.
Come check out the band Dr. Us. tonight! 930 pm no cover! drink and food specials all night
Unexpectedly at a show of a band I liked when I was a teenager. Life is beautiful.
Tattoos #crazy life
Did you know we deliver lunch to your car? Order 30 min in advance, pull into our curbside parking, and lunch is delivered to your car!
I think but I think they actually helped blocking the ball it could've been worse
i moved out. *laughs* you missed Riley's rebellious phase.
I. Love. You. come back to atlanta. and i NEED fortune. :)
peace follows the prayers of a humble and contrite heart.
Sex offender? Are you a child?
10 dollar buckets all night. It's a wrap food truck at 7!!
DOJ Clarifies Meaning of 'Rehire' for I-9 Purposes
Yeah. And that paywall is a barrier to public participation. TS has the best letters, it could have the best comments.
Amen, sister! RT: Can someone get this Internet away from me?
Among all legal immigrants, coming every year to the USA, near 10% are refugees and asylum seekers.
6th ticker-tape parade in 15 years (4 Yankees, 2 Giants) - it never gets old!
Houston Yates will face Dallas Kimball on Sat. at 3:30 p.m. My Dallas friends are already talking noise. Can't wait to get to ATX
your customer service rocks. Thank you!
Nice win out of the break for : 12 points 12 assists in the victory over Dallas.
MT : ... have you been to Di Pasquales? I saw it featured on Food Network, I was curious! :)
Hats off to M. Flynn... simply amazing game ...
Please take more screenshots of my tweets
Thank you SO much, Steve, for everything! Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do!
DD Palmer you would roll in your grave if you saw all the drugs and drama-people love drama!
TWEETING FOR A CAUSE | #FollowFriday #FF Know others?
Blake Griffin SUCKS!!!!!!
wow! this is painfully wack.
Awesome! Thanks for sharing!
Drinking my green juice from my coors plastic cup for breakfast.
Worst night of my life! My car broke down in the middle of nowhere nd my fone was dead fml!
Aw Thanks Lady!!
favorite bball shoe of all time?
if double-standards are fun, I am having the time of my life.
Love your new CD Hullabaloo...can't wait to blast it in traphic I love when heads turn and mouths drop....Tee hee
S/O to, for your welcoming to twitter, much love
As we age, we lose bicarbonate in the blood causing alkaline-acid imbalance.
I just realized that and are following me on #twitter !!! :) That's pretty cool.
Source: "Wikipedia has an entire section..." #journalism!
ah cool thanks
Just seeing this comment. Not sure anything justifies emotional, mob-mentality lynching. Even factual correctness.
Happy day - the sun is shining and I have big news about my book coming soon...
great job! Hard work paying off! I'm still working on breaking the 2 hour mark. Congrats!
stop indirect tweeting about me gosh
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and LUI birthday wow cant believe you wont here to celeabrate R.I.P turtlE
Batting 100% this year on grants! Who else will be for RTI training in 2012? ?
did u fight anyone this time? Hm
A fleet of British ships are maneuvering in the southern Chesapeake near Norfolk, Virginia.
Join a Spring Bowling League and be eligible to win $50,000. Ask us how you can win?
Kesha strikes again! Her hair and make up is just like Jen's! And she's using her expressions and mannerisms smdh
Anyone know what the subjects are tomorrow for westtest?
I betcha if Train Dreams was longer it would've won.
Hey, I want to hear "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !
Sometimes the world just isn't enough for some people.
Freshman floor was shaken at vincent today nbs it was girls gone wild & GD Vs VL all day
Lunch break! Finally!
bout to go for a walk though, wide awake for no reason. rolling up when i get back, it's only right.
Im probs guna call u at like 1. just in case u were wondering
Listening to Mohsen Alvi talking about PBL in Math.
Its so nice out n I'm stuck in school
OMFG those are all the best, srsly if you sit and listen to hospital/best nights theyre PERFECT
#IHitMyDougieWhen i see one directions faces.
RT if you read this
On the road back from #BBM.....Great times....more to come!!!!
Whether you express yourself using your middle finger or your index finger to click a mouse, it is protected speech, IMO.
Eli Manning jersey to Church?
Louisville... Impressive win.
Oh , there's a whole audience of people who get your Dagobah jokes:
Thanks for the wifi :)
If you don't want your salad chopped, I don't want to know you.
It is not that love is blind. It is that love sees with a painter's eye, finding the essence that renders all else background.
Every time I plan to take kitteh Page on road trip to visit the parents, she dives under the bed hours before, like she KNOWS...
Yes! Thanks 4 sharing. ^staff RT 'It's never too late for you to embrace an audacious vision for your life.'
I'm sorry baby sweet dreams I love you *kisses* @>----- <3
when r u free
omg! My stomach hurts so bad :((
Good thing I bombed stats. Kimmie is not pleased.
For them to put music back on. RT Amazing MTV Pilot #Casting Now! What are you waiting for?
Can your new city handle the greatness of the homance 24/7? Congrats on the good news. Cheers!
;) Thank you so much RhondaHansome. We are having fun with the play. Come if you can.
Lmbooo. MTV as a new show. Malibu's Most Wanted
Must bean sprout dance
Working on a special limited edition release for the holidays.
Lakers have the run now, Denver gotta turn it around...
Just went to Best Buy and asked if they have anything with a record player. The employee looked at me like I asked for a t-rex.
it's so true! Scales are never 100% accurate!
I really like you. <3
There's massive storms and possibly tornadoes near my parents. It's killing me that I'm literally 1000 miles away. :(
keith AT artistlink dot biz
It looks like wisteria.
I love you too tay <33
New Silversun Pickups record = amazing
i need this women i can fall over heels for me
Thanks for following us!
what it do ?? lol im freshly hangin!
Great spring break so far. Stickam tonight. Guitar Center tomorrow to pick up that ibanez.
lmao dam right you be sittin in there hurtin
yikes! Chris - following heaps of twitterers you are! ... hope you find time to write another! :)
morning all! feeling a little under the weather. hope to shake it as the day progresses! still praying for those in Haiti
RT : Check out 's Morning 10, the news you need to start your day in Chicago business:...
hey paul! Thanks so much! Im in long island how about you?
Obama to heed the Rahmfather's advice. An offer he couldn't refuse?
I know! How did you know the middle one was me!
Never knew Gilbert Gottfried was AFLAC duck--guess he's one dead duck now! What a heartless creep for making jokes about #tsunami victims.
The duo that is & are unstoppable. I'm so thankful for their involvement in my life & their ability to ask good Q's.
Just block them?
they don't suck. I enjoyed some of their jams back in the day as well
Gonna be at Prophet Bar tonight. Big room. Down beat 11:00. Hope to see you there, it's gonna be a good one!
Can work be any busier today geez
Get me a shih tzu so I know it's real!!:((
Up can't sleep and I have to be up ina couple hours ugh should of just went to tthe Club
we love #burritos!
RT : #StateRepresentative John Patrick Julien talks about creating #jobs at the District 104 #TownHall meeting.
OMG, RTed &' tweeted you! #Jelious . I wish he noticed me /;
I prefer the old school ones and faces...lol
STOP jinxing us please!!!!
the only bean I miss comes in my burrito
tomorrow is Harvey Milk Festival in #sarasota. We cannot play this year cuz of a schedule thing, but you should def go!
How fun would it be to have a cute clown come and face paint all the kiddo's!? Games, Bubbles and Balloon Animal's too! :o)
Programs are at the printer, silent auction items are piled high, ?uestlove's equipment is good to go...time for the weekend! Happy Friday!
Happy New Year everyone :)
that was actually the #ecar study...
Cheers to the weekend!
What makes democracy work? Persistence - John Sutter, who has been working for decades to preserve east bay parklands.
Thanks Lisa for promoting Deterrence Theory. Follow my BFF to keep up on all his projects! :)
omg n it's cold to go outside lol so after Toyota where u guys going
I may have time in early May, so just shoot me an email when you're ready and we'll set up a time to talk :) Thanks,
I think I love #backbonejs and
haha thanks, I'll be here all week!
I fucks wit it
oh-oh. i think i lost my envelope. what to do?
Kisses, McDonalds, Bacon, Music, Money, Special Cookies
Shooting a video at dobbs!
Thank you very much.
WOW, nice upset at Westerns!! Rat City Rollergirls (Seattle) beat Denver Roller Dolls 139-128! Amazed my neighbors didn't call the cops.
its just my opinion... We're all entitled to our own opinions right sam?
Are you ready to change the world? Today we will be on campus at and Stop by and learn more about !
Wilco is coming to rock Fillmore Auditorium - Colorado Denver on Thursday, January 19th 2012. Get concert tickets by calling: 888-493-0004
Sneaky people, hate them
Well said. RT : If I order something from u online don't punish me w catalogs to my home. I clearly know how to reach you.
but that would involve me actually getting off the couch. Seriously, science, we need teleportation.
remember when a tweeter was the small speaker on your oversized stereo speaker system?
Should iStay single or what?
With the statement, and sarcasm doesn't translate well in tweet form :/ Understand his viewpoint, but two of our co-founders...
Microsoft to Botmasters: Abandon Your Inboxes (Brian Krebs/Krebs on Security) #m$watch
I'm your local rep -- just left you a message. Looking forward to speaking with you.
Tell students that they are "walking experiments" - they might begin to look at lab activities/procedures a bit differently.
I think Rios is worse the Dunn
shrimp in the pocket, bonzai!!!
u better be happy there is 800 miles twixt us right now....dear....or I would come up in yo sandbox.
go tomorrow so I can go with you please
RT : Dear Firefox, you need a WAY bigger refresh button. Sincerely, #wiunion Agreed!
follow back please(:
Experiencing a small issue with our Ticket Reservation services and working to have the Ticket Reservation process back up asap!
Good After-noon twitter!!!
I couldn't find a fruit tray at Costco, any particular fruit I can get instead?
Poll: Is getting overcharged $12 enough to call and request a refund?
in my decade long search for the "train" ringtone from my LG flipphone of years past, i finally had to mail support. soon.....
Women will never equal men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
Jake,I love you<3
Schools Open! Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets....
ME AND MY BEST ROLLIN UP SOME OD BLUNTS EVERYDAY
what time
a-fucking-gree. once upon a time, there was a little girl who didn't know how to enunciate her words and would ALWAYS make some up
Tnx for the follows, mentions, and RTs!
I don't think I every wanted to see this much of Don Draper's process.
Aaron and I are going away for a week in a few months to kick it in mexico far far away from stress and business! Thank jeebus!
Hey, thanks! How are you?
You were in my dream last night! Haha, I guess that's what happens when I watch your video before bed lol. Funny vid! :)
This man just said you should break up with a female once she starts loving you because that's when she turns crazy. Men are a mess!!!
The guys from 1D really like 1D song what makes u beautiful it's a very great song ! :)
My mom used to bless me with holy water, using a spray bottle, in my sleep, I would hear fshsh fshsh n wake up covered in a mist.
Any of my followers out there have any good Hip-hop tracks on Reverb or Soundcloud? I've been looking for some good new artists, message me!
Oo, that's a bitch.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
Gettin all my school business and other things done b4 Sunday, Hyped for the cruise when it will be time to waste no time!
HEY!!!! Bout to have so much fun
we don't need anything or anyone. if I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
Lots of thunder and lightening.
Wonderful day at the Intl Children's & Young Adult Lit Celebration, followed by Pro Arte Quartet centennial concert!
If you are not a Super Bowl fan. Guys check out Jerk Off Heaven at www.xxxmalltheaters.com/Stores.htm
Heading out for 12 miles. Should I do the normal boring route or do one that is a bit more fun and scenic?
NIEMI is the Man! Go Blackhawks!
Text me..
#WineWednesday is upon us again! Stop in tonight for $10 off all bottles.
Our Super Bowl kick-off: 09 Cabernet
watching Joyful Noise with my madre
Happy Birthday Pope Benedict XVI!!!
crashing isn't even the worst thing about new - the worst is how many everyday features from before are missing.
Brian ZImmerman - Why is Changing SOMETHING IN LIFE a Challenge? - www.BrianEZimmerman.com Brian Z.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
what value is that, 1/20th of a cent?
#311 & #slightlystoopid on tour this summer ... I must go!!!
Judge Kevin Ross tries to much to be like Judge Greg Mathis w/"Acting Black".Just because your color is brown,you can't act what you're not!
I should have
Did your iphone auto-correct "black boyfriend" to "twitter icon?" RT Time for a new twitter icon!
Join us tomorrow for our fundraising event. Paula Deborah, will discuss her role on
Thank You!!! And No I do all kinds but fashion is the main one...
that's whats up girl..I'm done with it
In #Milwaukee, drink time with Is going to be out tonight?
I liked bathing, but hated brushing my teeth. Now I just wash my mouth out with soda.
Sound wave from shuttle launch arrived after shuttle was out of site. Kind of neat to here rumble for 20 seconds after no visual.
It was good. I got lots of work done and hung out for a bit with my Christian BFF Renae. still more work to do though lol
wristbands for sure. best chance it will find its way to the household. headband doesn't work if you're wearing a hat.
That's why it's such a cliche. It was the worst part of Iron Man 2, when War Machine and Iron Man fought. You didn't care who won.
You have Roast here in Detroit. There is room here in the Lions' bandwagon for you!
Dang by time u do dat its gon all b gone :(
Some1 who really luvs u sees wat a mess u can b, how moody u can get, how hard u r 2 handle, but still wants u in they life.
this extreme coupon show is nuts!
progress report: i've successfully held it down on the couch all day today.
haha! I believe you : )
Perfect symmetry Beautiful!
Happy Birthday welcome to the best decade!
Right on!
Just lost a huge pot in the #WSOP circuit 1k. 27 left. Let's go!!
Thanks for the shoutout! The Google URL Builder gets great when you can measure eCommerce revenue from each campaign!
1/2 priced sushi rolls tonight...maybe a little sake at hh?
& I got to deal with it.
Thank you so much for the RT and the referral.
MindFirstFitness Corporate Wellness Initiative, Fri., Oct. 17th on Wall St...
u called it. // METRO BROADCASTERS Americana KHYI/HOWE, TX weekend personality JOHN MURPHY has exited. CONN LARSON takes over.
I need your phone expertise please. I have Sprint, torn between galaxy nexus (I think its called) & iPhone 4s. Your opinion.
show me the nicest girl in the world and i'll show you a guy that's tired of fxxking her
Thanks for showing respect for our IBEW brothers and sisters this day as well!
I miss you both also!!!
Tv shows are just rich people being stupid
Thank god tomarrow is Friday!
Go Follow--------> for a followback from me.not kidding!Im watching.go guys!
the members of 1D are to cute!
Blue Man Group tonight; Orlando in a few months. The life of an (almost former) Provost is tough sledding.... ;-)
Great to see you helping spread the word about Ross. His work is important.
I always seem to get sick during the UAT phase of a major project.
Thank you!
The first time I had a McFlurry I thought the spoon was a straw.
Back to back.
#2011in4words THE BEST YEAR EVER :D
Fact: The He Say/She Say epidemic increases 90% when the weather gets nice.
She down to ride and deserves a boss who down to provide_
I try never to pick cup drivers in Nationwide races.
Because DA is the fu**ing man
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's learning to dance in the rain. ~ Unknown
'Hunger Games' And 'Twilight' Oddly Absent From Oscars
Great day yesterday at the Personalization Summit! Stay tuned for pictures and a recap coming soon.
No I don't live MY life YOUR way. Ugh! I can't see you in the dark. That is correct you have no shinning light beaming around U. IDIOT
i guess imma go to sleep .. son !
Morning Rockstars! > He who knows most grieves most for wasted time. - Dante
Smart > Swag (looking at you )
Love God and Pray you can get over any problem
Twitter is the best way to express yourself
gotta love the five dollar footlong, homework time with the boy.
Welcomes Andrew Chin to the Board of Directors!
You got at least one follower bc of {me}
see your face shining Like the moon in the night
I hope it'll air this summer. It will include our Carman's story that's aired only on WQED so far. I'd KILL to do HOT DOGS 2!
Ha! Me too.
RT : #Texas #atx #UT Howdy!! We make Pecan Street Rum in Pflugerville, TX just north of #Austin. Try it, you'll love it!
I got alot cleaning done today....tired as hell
Check out the Diana Falzone Room with special guest James Corbett - Learn all the summer beauty trends!!!
All stephanie likes to do is ruin peoples lives. Something else too, but I don't wanna get in trouble again.
So....if I don't hardly talk on the phone....why the hell do I pay for the unlimited minuted plan??
i need something to do tonight.
Good Morning #BullsFam! Game Freaking Day!
i got my phone taken away.thts it.
The oh so confident dayvon
Glad you liked it. DM us if you'd like a beta invite to
too slow off the blocks for jeff tweedy pre-sale... on to craigslist with all the other suckers.
Wishing everyone a happy and safe New Years! That said, what was your favorite movie of 2011?
bad boy new artist of the year signed.
Beginning in the womb, the fatty acids that fish oil provides assist with brain development.
Ok, I'm calling it a night. Any longer and I'll be forced to call it a morning.
I FEELS YOU ON THAT .
Storms know who their friends are.
o its a way the batman mythos can last forever. Make the mini a mystery with that outcome.
have y'all seen my journal at your place? small, brown, typewriter on front. last seen Tuesday
hey aimz! we may be coming on april 22 to great scott in allston. do u think u can get a crew to come out?? guest list!!
Early to bed, early to rise makes for a darn good flag football player. Or that's what I'm hoping since I'm sacrificing my Fri night.
Just when we thought it was all over....
i need those
I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion boy boy!
It'll never go away, will it?
Same. Related: Just spent 2 hours prepping the big deck for stain. No rest for the weary. :/
Never seen a girl that could live up to the hype...
lol forreal doe i cant take it no more. Niggas is hungry but aint got no food
the Kanye West episode. I was like -_- I was on his page and a fan before we were ebb called GRANDerz. Lol It was so long ago..
what part of the US do u live in
yep, I'll do that for you at 3:15p in the
My mom just told me her corndog is hard..
Happy Fat Tuesday!! Can't wait to watch tomorrow night :) Cheers to Mardi Gras!
A live wiiirrrreeeeeeee
that shit is tight cuz I feel y'all flow man yall killed that thang
Time to relax
NO BALLS
Got music ideas on muh mind!
indeed. There should have been two photos
Japan adds $61B to asset purchase plan - CNN
My magic number for today at the audi dealership...451 for vac lines and check valves. Actually thought it would be more!
Hated him at MSU. Welcome him to the Packers! RT Pick is worthy
The king Has arrived !!!!
i had an amazing time it was soo much fun! ('aahhh yeeaahh' LMFAOO)
Tomorrow I'll be a guest on Virginia This Morning, discussing my new book! The show airs from 9-10 am on WTVR Channel 6 in Richmond.
Where is the trust????
If bills draft Russell Wilson a happy man I will be :D If bills draft Ryan Tannehill an angry man I will be D:
hello Cali in the fall!! But we are so overdue! I feel we vacationed more...#didwegrowup?
I do it just to piss him off *hehehe
I hope it rains soon because lightning just fried our sprinkler system.
Hmm. This sounds intriguing! RT : It'd be awesome to see at Fiesta downtown playing his ocarina through the walkways haha.
Life isn't like a movie where someone else's words on a page. You get to choose how it's written and when you'll take your bow on the stage.
I need to find those EAST/ WEST 's
Best thing about being on the road by 5:30am ... Only a little bit of traffic
Just dropped a novel-like email in your inbox. Your WTT/riots post got my sociology wheels from college a' spinning.
People skipping in the hallways
New Madison descriptor circulating: "40 square miles of democracy ...."
I'm glad they're doing that study. They need it
can't wait to see you pool side with at the Cabana Lounge!
I wouldn't put it past mike the arranger, he's a smart guy!
Yes! Andy. Do not lose to Tipsy.
Darnit. :(. When are you gonna go see her again?
#Buying The #Joy #Luck Club & A.I this week, so #excited!
I get bored w/ people easy
Trained hard this few weeks,It's great when my coach tell's me to rest for two day's and eat a lot.thank;s Coach Aaron.
I saw the high-five, and the subsequent grin on your face :) great show, eh??!!
these cigarette commercials gettin serious........
Oh yeaah GO RANGERS !
Happy to welcome to the board tonight! Great to have you onboard.
strategy fail
RT Next week on #smallbizchat Eva Rosenberg shares How to get tax savvy in your small business
#itscrazyhow how i tried to do everything to see you smile but i got nothing
I tried the new LATimes app this morning (paper paper not delivered) and like it. Improvement over previous version.
no, that's Taylor. He's on the floor now.
Q to the twitterverse...is there a platform like Goodreads, but for movies instead of books?
Merry Christmas Pittsburgh!
Even though I don't know what she's saying, I'm just going to RT everything says
The awkward momment when your tired and can't fall asleep.
I want to see some more senior pranks.
has reduced its maximum weeks of UI benefits from 26 to 25 cc;
Oh hey girl! How long you been on Twitter? You see your vid blowin up? woohoo
RT : This quarter's VACEOs/Robins School Economic Outlook Survey has been sent to central VA CEOs. Last quarter's analysis...
Wow, the downtown (Indy) is closing. I seriously thought they might be one of the few that would survive...
we will get back to you within a week - cool?
Going to a funeral tonight. Keep that family in your prayers, please.
thanks Ann!!
It's funny how some guys talk the talk but can't walk the walk
oh my god. I am obsessed with both Beardsley and "Salome," so that sounds like the paper I would pay to write. Can I read it??
So ready for this summer tho ;
It's wanking.
Big day today cant wait
Today is day 2 of recording drums at Castle Ultimate in Oakland, CA with Zack Ohren!
Electric toothbrushes have been found to clean your teeth more efficiently. Do you prefer a manual or electric toothbrush?
south side west or east like that ok!!!
: Follow Us at the original Account !!
made pasta and im not even hungry...
Females that ain't pretty unless they got makeup on <<<
Tomorrow's 4.20 <3 know what that means..? ;) yeah.. You got it. THE LUCKY ONE COMES OUT.
RT : Don't forget to vote for & in the Frequent Business #Traveler GlobeRunner Awards!...
just grabbing life by its balls
I am afraid that Hodgson will just go with the old farts. We needed to do what the Germans have done but it won't happen withhim
Just received invitation from Alpha Beta Kappa
Today's #petpeeve: conversations that start with 'you know what you should do...' ARG
Watching the Black Keys on #colbert. Good stuff.
Miami Heat
Wang? Embarrassed? Did you just start following hockey on Long Island?
GOODMORNING! TO ALL
I still don't fully understand how smart, or even moderately sensible persons become idiotic and overly impressionable people when joined
The Black N Gold are back!!!
So yeah, if you try to go to Belga Cafe, make sure that some jerk doesn't scalp your reservation, bc they won't stick up for you at all.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
One more day until SUPERDRAFT! When are you arriving?
It's a shame I'm probably going to fail my algebra class in college. Because without it, I'd never be able to get done what I just did.
Save check-point? No Xbox, Please erase ALL progress I've made in the 18 hours I've been playing you. I will facerape your family, Xbox.
Now hooked on "White Collar" - in the midst of a marathon thx to
Judaism140: 1 God, 1 chosen people. Do the Law (all 613), tell the story (Egypt to Zion, exile to return), repair the world. 2012 in 97502!
I don't need a horse race to give me a reason to drink bourbon...
I want to reach into your tweet and change deadly to violent, but still made me chuckle
Bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle! Oh boy! Oh boy! Oh boy!
No problem, anytime!
I CANT WAIT TILL CHRISTMAS.!!! Ah. Happy,? :) <3
really feeling left out with all these avengers midnight screening tweets
I need you to put me intune with the homie snapback
Thanks for the follow. Here's a awesome company as well
Dear Amazon, I really don't like peacocks that much.
Think it's a lil too early to have the slow jams playlist cracking...
It is commented upon. I have an angry poem up too. :P
if you want another break from dystopian books - CODE NAME VERITY by Wein, extremely well done historical set during wwii
AYE EVERYBODY FOLLOW MY BESTIE please n thxs :)
thnx for the follow
I had a dream about you... its not like it'll come true tho :(
Makes sense. But I don't have any of those. :(
#CabinintheWoods is a brilliant genre-bending movie. and his team just keep collecting the box office victories...
Killed it
Take your time to know the person deep within .
Thank you for carrying !
At flanigan's in Wellington
When the sun goes down, the lights go up at Jacks and the night is ours. Come hang out!!! -dg
i think we should skip school and go to the mall... yes or yes ? (;
30 minutes away from at 5! Join &
Pagonis-ed. Totally random incursion!
The things I hear at the shop while getting my hair done are a trip.....
Put ur thumb in ur butt now.....and stop texting .....ur weird i dont even know u....
I won't disagree with you, but I believe most people are judging it as a cinematic masterpiece. Give them 2 votes, then what?
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. - George Carlin
On a positive note - we pulled the trigger and booked our trip. We're going to #Disney World!
And Pedro were together.. Quit talking about me I'm done with this but u can keep tweeting about me all night I won't lose any sleep
Ah...Finally the rainy season in Florida has begun. Apparently my plants need water to survive.
following you bruh.. give ya boy J Notez a follow back
There is a season for everything, God has a purpose today for whatever season you are in in your life, and it is to prosper you.
i didn't get a call!
GATER'S FACE IS MY DRUG!
The parents are nuzzled all snug in their bed. Christmas break has now begun as has the dread.
Be careful everyone!!! We care about you all! Be safe and very cautious on the road! Love,
Game changer?
I like tweetin on a phone its better than on a laptop ima tweet what I'm doin every hour for u guys.ty guys you made my smile more confident
Looks awesome! Thanks for the tweet. Will check it out in more detail soon
I used to want to work in advertising and marketing..
it's actually Nawlage ft. French Montana
cc RT : SIX PENCE NONE THE RICHER IS BACK TOGETHER?! The dream of the '90s is fucking ALIVE and well!
naw im in the burbs...i might be out that way later..
RT : Remember, no #awcchat tomorrow b/c #SXSWi is getting started for host - next chat is 3/15.
wow. forgetting about me already. I QUIT.
did you Skype yet?
Who is hitting this weekend? ? ?
likewise. #Boston will be represented! Psyched 2 create something cool
Brilliant episode last night, #CaseHistories. & thanks for a great password, Kate Atkinson: Ozymandias.
thanks!! Your wrap bracelets are uhhhhmazing
Bon jovi sipping his morning coffee as he warms up for his NBC today show performance! Windy on Rockefeller plaza
Where is when one needs him? Are you on mac or a pc?
"Blame it on the a- a- a- a- alcohol"
Happy Birthday XD
Thanks so much! RT
You don't know what love is, you just as you're told.
I love Anya but loves noodles
Thursday night is event called #PghTee. I am even dragging out the hubby for that one.
Gotcha, same reason can't go and curses and I daily.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to all of our friends and fans!
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: bibles that talk in a tribal tongue and an interview with hardcore skate legend Mike Vallely
Aye my shit just came on
Ooh(; wanna show some photos?;) xx
Hoppy Easter Every Bunny!
I feel old most days mainly because I see too many doctor's office's.
Y do LBN'S always think they goin to get sum.they so lame nt in this lase front #dnt do it no mo
don't play fb games!!
has its snowman onsite today. Come by and check it out.
I think we can figure that out on Thursday when we mee up
WAIT WHAT ABOUT OUR OTHER MARRIAGE PARTNERS
STUCK IN LOT AT ORD. STAFF INFECTED. CANT TWEET. BE RDY. IF I DONT TWEET IN NXT HR, UR PROBABLY ALREADY DEAD.
Excuse me,you're extremely annoying...
Im a real big fan of yours but im the joke to you but it wasnt a joke when you kissed me in your room and replied i love you too
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.EC
Here comes the eagles jock machine, followed by more suck by the Bears.
I use to feel like I had to do certain things to impress people .. but as I get older , ion have to impress nobody !
Baseball starts in 2.5 hours! Who's your team ad how far will they go?
Acceleration of Prayer mobilization is key to reaching all nations with the Gospel Steve Douglass CRU
Pietrus and Hollins had no idea who to rotate to. Joe for 3.
A Woman Says: if true love never dies, why is there so many divorces? I am just wondering!!!
Lori #Korpikoski is my homeboy.
How to Build Your MatchRate PLUS Business
I'm sorry, I just really like Tony Manero.
NO WAY!!! Headed there now :(
I'm a little short on time tomorrow night, but will certainly try to come out for a bit.
Woah follows me 16 hours ago on a Tuesday
Remember that your child may be confused or upset by an ADD/ADHD diagnosis. Stay calm and upbeat; that will rub off on your child.
It's Monday, March 19th, busy day with client showings!
I have no problem giving u what you want. You just gotta be willing to do the same for me. If not, yous get nothing
lol yep.I know some have 1 here & there but my 1st PG gave me so many health problems figure better safe then sorry
Jade...Can we change Philthadelphia to BBQadelphia!
We hope very soon! :)
Starting the morning with Jon Finn for our first audition at Radiant Studios!
CINCO de MAYO POOL PARTY w/ #TheHangover DETAILS coming soon! LIVE MUSIC w/ BBQ grill and DJ
There are more than 2,000 different varieties of cheese in the world! How many have you tried?
I've never been so disappointed..
Remember mom's words when you skinned your knee or cried because he didn't call? "You can do anything. Try again." Mom is still right!
glad to hear it wasn't " underwhelming" I love that word now...
i love -- a humble frenchman who is a self-professed lover of american cinnamon rolls
Office rumors. Hate them!
really looking forward to Sunday and a picnic out of town. Will get the chance to meet old friends I love.
did someone say DD?
... I see what you did there.
though I'm obsessed with Iceland, I'd stick to calling you David. My Icey language skills are a bit crap.
Yall boyz stay on the grind make the next big star
Thank you!! Enjoy your last weeks of school and congratulations on graduating as well!
i am so going home and napping after work today...
Pack stockholders can vote on team business, including the board of directors, and attend annual meetings. Do you do that?:P
Don't let small minds convince you that your dreams are too big.
i miss the gamecube days..
Tune in at 11am with for final chocolate segment-dipping Sea Salt Caramels. It's harder than you think!
#FF !!!! #TeamBluey! that's what's up!
Smart women can read through men who take too many pictures of their perfectly chiseled bodies..usually means u dont have much to offer
Acting should be bigger than life. Scripts should be bigger than life. It should all be bigger than life. - Bette Davis
If you love god retweet(:
Finally back on Twitter since Thursday. :) Great to finally meet you, too! See you at Beta in a few weeks?
Looking forward to this Saturday's plein air paintings!
Happiness? That's nothing more than good health and a poor memory. Dr. Albert Schweitzer
Drop it or fight her?
Good Morning!! :) You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
21st coop, come converse about #makeithappen in the lovely breeze outside. <3 the
#iloveyousoincrediblymuch. there's just not enough words to describe how much i love you!!! :D
what did you think of Splash Media?
Visit to the chiropractor--check!
yes, I'm sleeping at that hour:)
Oh, no, that's much worse than a cold. I hate seeing nasties coming for us and not being able to duck them.
It's hot out there and so are the deals! Buy from your neighbors -- 7916 SE Foster Rd -- 11-7 pm
anyway this is NOT a great trade for bucks?
I'm just not gone do it lol its too much love there
liv the fact that you were on instagram at 3 am... And I thought I was bad!
#mybiggestprblem trying to get her back
Congrats, you're going to #sdcc this year?! That should be a blast.
just fulfilled a long overdue sushi fix, m...
Supremely angry at and I don't say the f word often but fuck.
Queue <- weird word.
It Greinke-madness at miller park...coming to u live front the windy Yount lot!
may your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you
gotta save those for cheat days lol
Mama B's class >
and you're the reason for my life<3 i love you Austin!(: follow me?!*
thanks for listening!!!
Doing my best impression of a poorly driven helicopter running the mike at #casesmc :) Getting a workout, at least!
you can come spend Christmas with me!
did you seriously say you aren't hot? -.- you're beautiful and perfect! #askniall its not a question but yeah... Hehe
haha bet bout to cop some suppliments later this week ima be the new dr dre
In DC about to do my thang. God is good
It is awesome seeing you courtside at the games. You will always be a legend. Thanks for the memories!
i'm going to rock this today!
Today is the last day of the week, YES (-:
slurping soup always make me violent....
Well I'm bored too, it's one of those sleepless nights for me ^_^
can the "feedback tab" be used for other things, i.e. "Help"?
dont stunt....hit me on the other twitter as soon as u get on!!!
Mensa...just saying...
It's a tie for slot no.4! For the mustachio-ed manly man we have either M.Gorky's Selected Shorts Stories or Nietzsche by Robert Wicks
Yes, at 75 Wall Street (Andaz Hotel)
Too bad went to bed... Wanted to tweet her my tattoo... What a coincidence that the saying I got is in her song that I <3
Havent tweeted in a while,biz is great, does anyone want to take over a 1st page of ALL of the search engines,im the guy u been lookn for
Michele Cloonan is giving her farewell address to alumni.
Anyone have a December birthday? How do you feel about having a birthday around the holidays? How do you celebrate?
BCS So called National Title Game........BS.....who cares?
You're welcome!
I swear I would give up seeing all summer if he could just stay in Australia for longer. His happiness means more than mine.
define "interactive & high tech"
yoyoyo...hope you are well. Sorry, I've been MIA on here lately.
Who on the westbank?
smh . broke , ugly , smelly niggas that cant dress make me sick . #LOSER!
Nice to meet you Seumas. :)
No, I think you brought that up over drinks one night at Context, maybe? But I failed to ship you all of my clothes.
That is a huge bummer....sorry:(
U UP LATE!
Serge ibaka playing chess while the lakers are playing checkers
Just a few more hours until A is revealed on so excited
Sick of females talkin bout how good they look . U look like the fifth member of xscape...
gaaah! so many comercials! on LOST. ps: i hate the new subway one w/phelps!
I'll try it
I appreciate it bro, I'm trying. But how long you been onn MM?
If he do what I think he gunna do..... imma be pissed AF! -.-
#LotusOfSiam It's the truth.
yes u r!
Fighting brings out more than just talking ..
Use the "Automation" tool in Photoshop. Under the File menu I think.
have my babies!
me and my brother are actually already working on a web series similar to that.
This nigga is obviously Christopher Wallace. Rt if you think so.
RT It's my 1 yr anniversary from graduating from the place i will always call home!!
Thank you!
Shrimp cocktail in the cab? What?
Lenora - I was extremely perplexed
RT : The more I drink the less I taste liquor
Who's ready for #FacebookTimeline? Predictions? Think it'll be loved or hated?
It wouldn't be a Saturday if my lunch wasn't shortened to deal with an issue over which I have no control.
Yes lol!! RT if I come will you come to my table and song to me like in the movies or the Kelly Price "As We Lay" video?
Alex Salmond just got introduced as a touch of class on Craig Ferguson.
Uploading yesterday's and today's Docjazz6 vids now!
Seattle smells like a BBQ to me today. Must be sunshine.
Nite twitters got a early morning tomorrow
The blog use stat was interesting. I had heard most blog platforms (not including SoMe) were down up to 25%
I try, I really try :)
Mikes hard lemonade for Angelina (:
Wearing my Jesus earrings today
Worthy is the Lamb!! Have a blessed day!!
Today is a easy day At work :3
All new! L.A Kush is in-stock, and on the shelf. Come and get it
i don't really start talking about football until week 6 anyway because its always to early to call anything before then anyway
#tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them!
Barbara Streisand singing Rodgers & Hammerstein's show tune "You'll Never Walk Alone." A great performance!... fb.me/10FYexgJu
but why tho lol, who pissed you off now
so ur fb and twitter accounts r now connected?
who watched the superbowl?
#SOTU live streaming on hulu. While I calculate the ratio of standing ovations to looks of disgust. Keep the big wheel turning
curious what wisdom would offer based on the experience in Denver.
Woke up to find my first sequoia sapling popping up this morning. I'm excited! Haha
Just learned that went to my high school, same time I was there, never put 2 and 2 together before.
just followed
love is complicated
Maybe they figured the four point play against the #Pacers would hold them over a few extra years...
I'm almost every week i a hotel with ma parents, and I think It's really cheap! :/
"I've got my PENCIL!" -- David Lee Roth
Het Brantley, how the heck is Bruce supposed to hit with runners on when Phillips is batting in front of him?
Just had the most amazing dinner at Artisan at the Delamar hotel in Southport, CT! Definitely my new favorite Fairfield County restaurant.
RT : Tomorrow watch live: Chairman Genachowski & Digital Education Leaders on National Adoption of Digital Textbooks...
Looking forward to hearing about your opportunity!
#DirectionersAreDisrespectful BEST TREND EVA.
I thought it was positive she put on a good show with her musicians and avoided having a lot of syncing
people are gonna start bringing you avocados which is gonna be even worse than carrots cause they're squishy and get brown fast
Going Global TV (goingglobaltv) thanks for the follow.
Ain't tweeted in a good min
my day was great :) and ah im jealous that you caught a fish! i go fishing with my uncle & i've never caught one! lol
I need a favor! We're still in 2nd place... can you vote us into 1st by everyone clicking on GirlFriendCIRCLES!
OMG! It's in the Oxford English Dictionary
lol I see. But I ain't mad at ya get yo money
Probably right to work. Maybe drug testing welfare recip. and public employees. More privitization.
BUZZCO WOULD LOVE TO HELP YA FILL THIS POSITION! =)
oops, they don't have Christmas in Chino. Wann wunn.
On location this morning with ! What are ya'll up to this morning?
Advertising is what you do when you can't go see somebody. I like that one!!
hahaha whys it always gotta be a racial thing
<3 boom you just got hit wit tht tweet .
Hello, LA. You're the same as I remember.
Gay vampires must have fucked up pillows
#NUAN at 52 week high. Great pick. What's next??
Thanks to everyone who stopped by tonight. I'll be back for more tomorrow evening.
Excited to be working on new advocacy project to build capacity for food policy wk tied to "food as medicine" & other progs.
the proceeds from the raffle will go to help the Smoot family Fund. Just wanted to share that awesome news with you! Thx
Happy Birthday to our very own Kevin Campos!!
your picture is oh so attractvie
a woman after my own heart :)
Could anyone recommend some readings/blogs/articles on gender-neutral housing/restrooms on college campuses in relation to trans* folks?
the poo doesnt show up :( he may have poo in his name and he may be brown but HE DOESNT STINK! haha
Hey! IMU Nig! And Thanks For That Shirt :)
Came to work to find decorations everywhere & all the items on my desk wrapped. Thanks for my amazing bday gift! I love !
After a memorable season series in the ever-intensifying rivalry between the Capitals and Penguins
when you test drive a car and it dies at a stoplight
uh oh does that mean I have to start looking out for you :-)
Well UK loses their 1st SEC series of the season. Next weekend is huge though, playing #1 Florida at The Cliff.
best hash tag ever
the comfident guy in pink!
usually players do well against their former teams. BTS is mostly lucky.
Matt: Ethan sing Mi Amor. Ethan: Blablabloopblap. Matt: That's not Mi Amor. Ethan: Got a problem with my language? Matt: .______. Haha jk.
can't even admit he started prop d, then flipping sides, can we trust your decisions now
RT : Shaking my head as I read my TL. Sometimes with a grin.. Sometimes without. :P
my guess (and experience) is dualistically-designed staff/university policies.
ALCL is running now!!! lots of green for ALCL.
I just sent you a message on your website. I hope you are interested. Thanks.
I didnt see you ask that sorry
Hey everyone!! Tell to go to the game with tomorrow!! Retweet and help a brother out!!
why? no, seriously why?
So far, AGT has been only moderately interesting. The guy with the stringed instrument was entertaining...
When yo girl get a hold of your phone its a wrap!
I already AMsubscribed to you yano :-)
Im cold
oh yeah.
Anyone else want to be in my video for Austin? :)
Seeking employment in Austin, TX July 2012. If anyone has any connections to Austin please refer my expertise.
Kwantlen student turns chronic illness into community action - The Province (blog)
Try 'Wahlstedt' .... z=e, common German name.
omg hellogoodbye thank you for reminding me of them
OMG Thank you, Diva! Are you blogging it?
My vagina is like a convenience store. Clean and reliable, and closed on Christmas.
countless memories to this song :)
Changing your schedule that late is pretty bad. Saw 2-5 late last night, planned on showing up at Crema at 3ish.
Dude is the best firefighter #Newark has ever seen...I bet he can be the best cop too..what r u talking bout?
Yup - anathema to Ryan and also verboten by Norquist.
Sitting in traffic now if that makes you feel any better.
Yeah, this whole J. Jones in a fat suit is not working
oh. Yeah that's bad
all you got do is be popular??? I don't know put out some tweets call it good? Ill see what I can do for ya ;)
Free & Gaither=pipe dream for FA Oline help. How about a 2nd tier guy like Jeremy Trueblood? Is he more type of guy we'll look @?
Osama bin-Laden is gone. Fate of second-in-command of Al Qaeda, Ayman al-Zawahiri, is unclear. Let's hope he joins bin-Laden at sea soon!!!
Got a new followuuuuh.
Well that was short and sweet thanks for playing Pitt lol
Teen wolf is going to start again? I just want to see Stiles. He's so cute lol
Wade/Unique, you are NO Jesse St. James.
cuz I'm short on hours. online Spanish hw and finance project.
Who got Pro Tools M Powered for Mac?
Thanks for the tweet, May!
Woo Pig Sooie!!
My friend Marit MacArthur's essay on flight in the new PMLA: "One World? The Poetics of Passenger Flight and the Perceptions of the Global"
i feel like i need a crush or something to focus my energy on. maybe i should just go buy a new book instead. recommendations?
So corny lol
only four more papers until the end of my term. Hooray!!
slightly stoopid was good
for me it's an absurdly high number before permanence -- like, 10!
HEY BASEBALL WRITERS IS THIS THE YEAR OF THE PITCHER PLEASE LET ME KNOW IN HEADLINES
But you still love me (:
Happy Holidaze: Happy Hangover day is any day following a night of drunken debauchery. ~ Lisa Morgan
Lakers-OKC will have a fight in every game this series....
Glad it aint raining this morning!
If you have nothing else to do, look about you and see if there isn?t something close at hand that you can improve! It may make you wealt...
at least people are noticing. You shouldn't be pissed off, but be happy and want to encourage people to unite and cause history
Since I got some work done at UNM, in going for ice cream
you are! You always blame me!
I think really has eBay we call selective seeing
I think , the group putting out the research, made their site live last night. So maybe they broke their own embargo?
the zero fat diet crowd is missing out on absorption of fat-soluble vitamins. Way worse than being overweight!
Worldwide, Type 2 diabetes ha doubled since 1980. A diabetes tsunami among young people is on horizon. Miracle cure: diet and exercise.
Sibling talent:)
What a career. When he wears Celt green, makes me want to sing Xmas carols.
The book is almost always better. Cold Mountain was a great movie, though.
thx for the time today!
UFC 136 let's get it on :) so ready for this card :)
Oh how I wish you were here Liza!! Need to make a trip to GH in the next year or two eh? :)
I'll never be perfect, believe me i'm worth it so take me or leave me.
turn on kiss omfg omfg help
looks like a hearty "stop 6"/funky town kinda meal!! :) Enjoy it!
seriously ben. Courtney???????????? Wtf? Could ya share with 5he group?
you dont understand Im huge right now I prob could be a stand in for free willy right now
I just love making peoples days, it makes mine too make theirs hahah.
you welcome! <3
I have booking information for jim jones mother if you need it lol lol
It's a bon fire and hot tub kind of night:)
will double student loan rates to support his cushy college job that is a sham
I go so hard oh baby u a freak oh yes u r ok i can fucc wit chuu
That couldn't of been more awkward.
heheheh yes.:D
sounds good. Ima check if everything still works and everything. If anything. Text me. Got my number?
slick excited now!
MTV? Woo that would be something i'll tell you what. lol
RT : was just upgraded to a lovely suite at - thank you julie and everyone else for great start to this weekend
Using a loaner from while my Droid is in for service. LG Vortex - cannot fathom why has Bing as default on a google phone
Registration Secrets - Stupid simple registration and begin with the end in mind.
Taco Bell must be pulling in all there money today ! Happy Cinco De Mayo ! And also happy chupacabra day :)
love it!
Invigorating night talking to potential new talent for !
She basically said that she wants to make sure that it is implemented carefully while working closely with public employees.
Getting ready for
Ask/Tell Tonight and Tomorrow at 7 155 Bank St.
Repeating Myself <<<
why thank you! :-*
You can make Spongebob really perverted if you try XD
If Tyga could really rap, he would be SCARY, cuz he easily has one of the hardest flows out there.
I don't know how on PSP
Eating lunch at the waffle window with the kids.
that's right! :D
happy birthday! Hope we can hangoutt again at another family function n thankyouuu soo muchh! My friends loved the pics!!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 38
A shrimp's heart is in their head.
Currently deciding between an epic journey of magical proportions and falling asleep on the couch....
At an event at SONY music's office celebrating the Bandier Program. LA Reid is in attendance!
hun u wouldbt have to change for me.... :-) ur already cute enough
I love Milwaukee.
Apparently it's CADU (diaeresis). But now I'm wondering if the 'ae' in diaeresis should be a diphthong. God help me.
IN the Lab looking to get these new beats out soon!
- then again, you might not call it "fun" after a combined total of 25 hours ! (Whew!)
To win the title, hell yeah I do. RT : don't tell me you think bosh is a CRUCIAL element in Miami's success?
I just love all my friends. You guys are great. Thank God for good friends :)
Thank you for the mention in your paper. I am honored. ~Warmly~Patricia
What does a middle-aged matron wear to a music festival? (For the sake of her teenage son, "as much as possible" is probably the answer.)
God damnit 's new EP is so perfect. <3 I can't wait for the full album and tour this summer!! <3
red star rocks for that!
damn it is april fools day. wow forgot all about that day,
The love needs to be equal. Every band deserves to be loved, right?? Fuck yeah :P
Hey Arnold >>>>
Aw, wasn't it good?!
Did you accidentally eat your phone, ? I find it odd that you're not texting back...
Great back to back Italian dinners. Trattoria Stella on Colfax Friday and Tuscany Tavern tonight in evergreen.
I know. I usually dont click any links. I've gotten many a virus from FB links.
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q:Who was the first citizen of Nashville, TN?
Really...really said if the news of Junior Seau is true.
Looking at all my girl scout badges reminds me there are a lot of things I was supposed to have learned how to do.
Eliot Spitzer kicking a#$ and taking names right now on on . Well worth a listen.
fuck a week by week development chart for We need a week by week color wheel for how orange it gets.
I know you so well, its kinda creepy. ;) #readingyominddd!
Finally done :)
I think Ted Thompson & the #Packers got exactly who they wanted with Nick Perry at 28. I'm very pleased with the pick. Welcome to the Pack
More rappers should come out with their own liqueur. It's a great concept.
#netflix, you broke my heart.
Is it better to burn out or to fade away?discuss-m
#Kobe sucks RT Kobe shot 3-21 from the floor. His FG pct of 14.3% is his 3rd-worst in a game with 10+ FG attempts.
While earning your daily bread, be sure you share a slice with those less fortunate.
Wow! That's great! Big congrats!
Horray for a day off tomorrow! time away from bikes.. maybe to finally RIDE MINE!? lets hope weather permits
Snow tomorrow makes me sad. #wisn12 how do you feel? hopefully everyone drives and I don't need the snow blower
SIP trunking service adoption growth driven by WAN strategy alignment
I apologize for excessive tweets but I'm riding the struggle bus at this point folks..
Makeup Class..Done! Now it's time for some Grey's and hair dying!! :)
where in Canada are you from?
seems like a good time to start buying euros
hey Andrew, mind follow me back? It would mean so much (:
as always thank you 4 #ff..have a great weekend
Follow my other account
Who's r u talking about niece? RT She Sure Know's How To Put Someone Down!!!
Glad you made it home okay! We, of course, were concerned. I'm sure it was all the standing. So good to meet you IRL!
can't even concentrate smh...
RT : Hey restaurant folks, checkout how is using social to engage with customers. He caught me checking in on...
I know that it isn't any of my business but why don't u take the argument to DM? So that we can't read the convo
#3WordsForYou suck that bitch
Had a nice time at Spaulding/Grand today; also had a couple run-ins with neighborhood hoes, and some sweet robins, sparrows, and rabbits.
#warmmineralsprings now public property - sarasota county and city of northport seeking public input for future use of spring site.
Definitely looked like Byrd pulled the bat back. And it didn't look like the ball hit the bat at all. So...
Separate security line in Frankfurt for the gate to Tel Aviv.. and so it begins
beat on walk off Home Run by Hanley to set off the magnificent outfield display & send twitter in a frenzy
Happy birthday sweetie!
I have so much to do.
More great action at the Riv, come and see for yourself, I promise you will have a great time !!
This bus driver is listening to some funky jams
Ugh... is anyone else's cantata taking FOREVER to finish?
RT "Sour D got me touchin the moon" wat the hell g u holdin out on me lol no homo!
Its hard being On a diet
Show em how the game is played today cuz, Make sure you stay healthy though!
Ch. 8! RT : Live implosion coverage & I will be on air at 2:28 am. in the chopper.
TK421, do you copy?
you got me fuh'dup if you think i'm gonna pay that much money for some seats right there!
plumbers crack while eating a banana? Ew. Not what I wanted to see.......
when is the best time to add the okra? after you add the sausage but before you add the meat
BRANDY Melville store in PB holllaaaaaaa.
Most of us are trying very hard to FORGET the 8 miserable bush years but it's going to take a LONG time to do so!!
Have you ever re-watched Super Bowl 42? Too painful?
I don't know who this asshole kid thinks he is yelling next door but he's ruining my hammock time.
Amazing weekend. Thank you so much to all the people that came out to see us. I love everyone of you.
Just tell Chris . i think he will be txting me tmr... and after freshmen, i will transfer.
: if we hang out tomorrow, I'll do it!
Oh holy shit
Thank U for bringing a breath of fresh air to #RAW last night.. I hope you stay around for good this time ! They need u !
Hi Tatyana - we do them all in-house. We have a talented woman (Kelley Rytlewski) who thinks of them and designs them...
how did I not know you watch revenge?! The plot is getting so thick! Love it!
Obama: "I like coke". Fox News: "Obama declares war on Pepsi!!!"
hell yeah. I've got 70. hope that's enough
Very welcome, Jess. Cheers!
I've been sat in bed for an hour and a half listening to music with wet hair and no make up, think I should get a move on..
So THAT'S what a hashtag does. Huh. #hashtagsonfacebook?
Yes. They should have to wait a year to make it fair.
The Biggest room in the world is room for Change, room for self development.
Omg recently I person has been breaking into houses on our county so every time a car drives by I sprint to my pool and jump in!!
Playing a NLHE tournament with the "SD Syndicate." I probably need a win today in order to be seriously in the running for a ME event seat.
Get over it. It was the past, people change. Just because someone does ONE thing wromg doesn mean they are a teerible person.
I hate when people tell me I'm too old for cartoon. No ones too old for cartoons.
good morning!
I know very well that this is possible :P
Thankyou, ssg. Our art ezine and gallery openings after the first of the year will be awesome. Ya think?
'Life is a box of chocolates' -- Forrest Gump? No, #Murakami wrote it first in Norwegian Wood.
The Bassnectar tickets have been purchased and I paid the fucking service charges even tho I tried not to
Gotta love this nice #SunnyDay in Seattle
I'm fucking tired of those "what should we call" things. what should we call those what should we call tumblrs? fucking boring.
Good Morning Amoz. No rain coats needed here. Bright, sunny and quite warm.
Just got to meet my little nephew for the first time
read more about what I'm doing
Yeah, but it was way money oriented. The original Traffik series was much better and didn't depend on pretty faces.
You can write the word "country" into your song as many times as you'd like, but that don't make it so.
We also have the sale of the house and the write of from the new house, and a disability write off.
Lots of birthday's this week - WOW! What is the best gift you ever received or gave?
turns the discussion to social/environmental justice issues.
follow bieberarmy he always creeps and follows people following them.
Great variety and Mix today! You covered a few generations! Love it as usual.
I NEED to understand why there are so many blowouts during this playoffs... WTF is happening
Thanks, Wardy! Know that you rock!
foo fighters performance was only redeeming quality
Female doctor for my physical. AWESOME
u got lost? D:
I wanna get outta Memphis !
although I'm finally doing the colored denim and I'm loving it.
If You Think Your Lonely..Your Not, Our Father Is Always There With You...
me neither :)
Last day of frap happy hour :(
On the plane to Berlin via Iceland.
Good artists borrow, great artists steal
I find it ironic that politicians scream about over spending but then spend millions on election ads. #Republicans I'm taking to you!
Talked to Navin Narang, principal with First Pacific Holdings. He confirms Bike Nation owned by them, not AEG. 1-Pac also not owned by AEG.
Ah! Can't wait to see AMezzy in NYC next month! June 22nd please come faster!
THANK YOU.
More from UKansas' Cunningham: TEST the tech with the precise conditions a week ahead of time. A new web browser might break things.
No more bus :D
all the pups are very different looking.. The mother was a small lhasa apso/terrier mix!
it's horrid! All about arbitration money. I may cheer for the rox more than Os
One month from now I'll be in San Francisco!!
i figure some people just really like easter lilies and poinsettias.
Halcomb running into a chair
Finally got a much overdue car wash. Car looks much better sans a layer of pollen on it. We'll see how long it lasts.
I'll always support Austin(:
#thought. Can fabricated experience be authentic? Where does self-awareness fade into unawareness?
A baseball game is simply a nervous breakdown divided into nine innings. ~Earl Wilson
you just wish you had a girl to tell you that!
On the slick I'm really kind of pissed, but hey it is what it is... I keep moving
Fair enough. Let's say 89% ;) - I agree with your original tweet though. I'm not sure if people don't get it or don't care.
Make #huggle TREND
TONIGHT: America's #1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC-8pm. Artists perform FREE. Must bring @ least 1 paying guest.
I can't wait for prom and kings island!
Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power - Charlotte Observer
Oh shit. That's what's up!! I'm hungry too!! Lol
"Q: Can you go to jail for this app? A: Absolutely!" Hahaha! OH weekend #TSW2012 via Easy Raffle
fingers crossed!
how many awards have been televised so far
Now accepting beta clients for Version .1 Release of our ProdigyApps. 50% off of our normal price with a nominal monthly fee. tweet us!
I totally agree. Go Rox
anyone who will listen I am really interested in substance abuse services provided/funded by the cityI have some leads can you help
Thanks for the follow my man, saw your work on #Vimeo, very impressive.
Who wants to travel around Korea with me??
sounds right
Happy hump day.
had dinner last night w/ a great crew that included the owner of ShareASale. Felt he could provide you some insight.
Coming to the show tonight? Either get tickets now or show up early. Not sure how long they are going to last.
#funfact "Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
Need something to do after this boring ass class
twitter is so distracting.
Terrific dinner at Acadia tonight. Cocktails-menu-wines-service-everything spot on. Many thanks, will be back soon!
Our office is colder today than any day #Nashville had this winter
no pressure at all then! #sportingkc till I die! gonna try and get out there tonight....
Me too!! SO many sex-bots!! Money scams too.
the big question: to map one comprehensive transit map tool, or map diverse mapping tools/apps? #transpo thanks
am wondering what they mean when they say "recovery"? What recovery? Whose recovery? Where is this happening?
Brevity may be the soul of wit, but the ability to hold the attention of the long copy reader may be equally impressive.
Congrats to inaugural class. Looking forward to Demo Day! RT we picked our class and we are stoked!
Dont Miss! What I Love About America on youtube,amazon.com,itunes, Rhapsody,Napster,CD Baby,Lala, Cd connection, Iphone Music, google more!
I'm watching your interview with Lady GaGa. Interesting. Time to do a report in honor of Trayvon Martin! RIP!
New outdoor seating coming soon to Eggfast-OSU!!
send some music in make sure it's clean CEO DJ Grimm
I LOVE hair metal!
youll see them more then i will! lol
give the tickets to ppl who cant afford them not like unless he wants to take a cool white guy like myself
those pants were a little tight.
Don't tell me when to go to bed. I stay up till my homework is done. I'll go to bed when I'm ready.
Gig tonight w/ our group, Elby Brass! Gig tomorrow w/ our group, Third Stream Giants! www.elbybrass.com, www.3sgiants.com! Hope all is well!
Life is Golden..!
Can someone help me get more followers please!!!!:) I don't care who!!!! I will really appertiate it!!!<3
hey um are you going to make a time for that?
colonel asking me what i've been up to lol its only been four days so nothing
Happy mother's day!!!! Let's go Let's go
And...they're all gone! Thx for that taste of heaven! Stay tuned for what's happening next week!
I wanna go back to sleep!
": Mosquitoes should suck fat instead of blood."
Thanks...Seriously I needed the laugh...visiting my dad tomor, he has Alzheimer's. It Sucks.
la la la . I want to go to one of Vinny's dance practices he does real ' bad . - The Jenster<3
Lmfao. He's all business.
Ready for
It's Cosmic Horror Day! Celebrate by staring incredulously into the Bottomless Abyss!
I miss my Scottish friends! Hope you're all doing great!
maybe, but it doesnt take much to be the highllight
Austin I know you see this(; #SaySomethin was amazing! :)
Officially mad at :'( You made me cry. I was so embarrased... how could you do that to me!!!!
Wake up sweet pussy I'm on way home (text to da queen)
YES! And yeah, I feel you on that. Plus SF is just a cooler city. :)
we would shout at the drop of a hat! now they definition of shoutin is them doin the "duggy"....God ain't in that!!!!
When u look at me can u tell im different?
France, eh? well I need your help to spread the word so I can come tour over there! :)
haha!!! She's going to need a vacation after her vacation to Erin.
When it comes to ants on sidewalks, I am the Vishnu. When it comes to fruit flies, I am Shiva.
didn't want to tell her that I really wasn't listening haha but that line struck my heart
Your coupons stink. They exclude anything worth getting a discount on
Ta ta for now twitter.
Was A MA ZING tonight!!!
Thanks for the RT's!
Where do you live?
Late nights aren't what they use to be anymore.
Please follow us now
I was skeptical of 21 jump street initially. But after seeing some previews and reading about it, I think I'm in.
no ewwwww but I ain't forget about u I'm waitin for my brother to give me full details
-- See you in NY I will tell the front desk to tell you my room number
Our radar's working overtime with so much great stuff going on right now....all very inspiring!
Shows Fri and Sat at The Crossroads went great! My good friend from hs is actually booking our band at The Crossroads! Small world!
#taxi #cab #sxsw #tip Electric Cabs look like golfcarts on steroids and we want to hook you up with a ride Downtown
alright guurrl!(: can't wait!
Boy boy boy. How ready i am to move out
I wouldnt mind being a fisherman
great dinner with you at Charley's last night!!
yeah I just did. Mine is due at 8am. I'm just gonna live on the edge and HOPE for anything better than a d
And all the d-bag whiners complaining about the #Browns draft class like they actually know anything.
I totally want one of those!
it's FREEZING!
This is going to be a VERY LONG day.
Can't say ENOUGH about how great 1-877-8DUMP-IT is! Quick, friendly and affordable. Hauled my junk OUT!
Retailers & Service Providers in USA & Canada. Want to promote your business? Join CRTASA Accessibility Corporate Fellowship Network today!
Why is Carson Daly so dull? Come on get some pizazz!! The current version of Dick Clark has more energy.
i miss you ma!! haha eyy i got so much to tell u:)
it's pretty awesome! Even tho I'm pretty new to his stuff.
i like her hair. lol
So, tomorrow I guess I will forget about ILike and just put them on my website like before. No Wonder nobody is recording them! Crap I say
Great, thank you!
Thanks to my protest buddy , I'm finally following you. Thanks for all your good work.
Something Corporate at the Fillmore Detroit, Aug. 2010!
def checking it out! My stretch marks r mostly 30+ yo can it help? Oh & loose skin? Ppl will wanna know! This!
Exciting group trip to Jamaica. Who's ready? Negril#OchoRios#Montego Bay
goodnight twitter family
Genuinely funny, that.
you don't see kanye out here talking bout swervin?
Interesting, an overwhelming majority of #librarians don't like public words of affirmation, sales people it's the opposite.
probably gonna be sundays
Had the most AMAZING night at last night! Fuck , were sick joke good. Blown away!
#1omf Don't get caught up..
A good friend of mine told me recently that "the sun shines even when it rains." Good advice. Let's keep our heads up!
a million bucks? i'll pay for half!
Weep with those who weep and REJOICE with those who are celebrating a win! kleenex and baloons
Whoa what?! Siwon is my husband! Lol
How about Madagascar? It's safe there!
hey scheana :) please follow my personal account!? () :)
Happy Birthday!! Glad you're part of the family of The Big Blue Nation.... Go Cats!!
you comin in??? we agree!
I just call them the Badd Boys.
-that's pretty cool of you.
Lmao not that game again too much confusion. But def.ly we gone get it in
I realize now that when your heart breaks, you got to fight like hell to make sure you're still alive. And that pain you feel? That's life.
Nice self control, BUT, the other 1/2 is there. Lurking. A persistent thought in your head...
Will do brother
are you doing it with guys?
you guys were amazing fyi on thanksgiving in MPLS thanks for playing :)
#SHOUTOUT to .... thanks for the shout out lol
hey miranda please follow me
I miss my xbox 360 :[
Trying to finish up laundry and cleaning before work so I can start packing.
RT Looking forward to meeting up with awesome #edtech gurus!
If the brewers do not give a similar contract to Corey hart I will be very upset!! Come on
Practicing making banana leaf baskets w/ notebook paper. Not quite the same thing, eh?
You are lovely !!
so you got booty meat for real?
Thank YOU for the awesome insights and ideas!
The 20 Most Expensive Restaurants In The U.S. via
lets follow for follow.
My Freaky Side Come out Around This Time LoL...
We've launched our Google Adwords ad campaign. Inbound calls for teeth whitening with some website updates are in our future we predict.
RT : AMAZING performance last night! MUST SEE #ALICE (in wonderland) blew us away,COSTUMES were out of this world too!
was thinking same thing. we're seriously desperate for some good news huh?
i'm not, my parent's are coming up here!!
Thanks for the follow!! Come party with us Thursday night at Cowboys in
Thanks to all who helped at the polls. Thanks to all who voted for us, too! Looking forward to our results tonight.
incredible Update!!
is there an email I can write you guys to?
If you'd ever like insurance for your invisible car, let us know.
I miss you more. Wyd
Yogi Berra hands down. The stories he could tell would be amazing!!! We could get a few Yogisms in there too
thanks Jay!!
Very cool! Thanks for the pic. A few days ago a listener sent me a pic of Bulldog Gin. Who knew?
Coffee after lunch sounds good.
I'll check it out, looks pretty good
One of my clients is holding its company meeting in Athens. Maybe it's time to go in-house. ;)
Dinner afterwards?
I'm not really looking to Pawn. I wanna sell.
drinks at serranos on monday? I think so!
sounds wonderful!
We are more often treacherous through weakness than through calculation. ~ Francois De La Rochefoucauld
I paid $12.99 for the Kindle version. I would have paid triple. Thanks for the laughs!
haha, not a fan of the summer-in-Seattle looks? ;)
Is it bad to friend zone a guy who likes you by talking about another guy you really like or.
don't tell me what to do!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become." ~Unknown
not yet! i will as soon as i get home;...WEDNESDAY! :))
Love you guys! I've taken my family to a number of your performances--what a great group! So glad I got to hear you on Tues.
Hey twitta what's up
you guys threw the most beautiful baby shower ladies!!! Xo
Omg so do it! Irresistable! Yum! Haha lol and btw you seem really chill! :) haha
Kesha got some pretty ass eyelashes or some good ass mascara though lol
HAPPY HOUR IS IN 25 MINUTES!!!! who's in need of some hot food & cold libations?!
That's awesome. Congrats on the fun of seeing your words come to life.
RT : This is how the #bankatlanticcenter should be! Great win for the #FlaPanthers!!!
I also have over 30 yard solar lights that can be brought inside in the case of a power outage.We have a house generator too
your welcome(:
i knew it! Glad all this analytical grad work is paying off :)
30 Things I Will Miss About Milwaukee. A one-a-day countdown.
well have a good night and good luck
Can't wait to celebrate a RECORD BREAKING 2012 Wine Opener tomorrow!
i know what ya talking about! :)
i hear that, but it sounds a lot like something Romney or the Tea Party would say about Wall Street regulations
Living now in the Quads, with my friends! Going to morning class then decorating and arranging our room. YEAH!!!
oh well ;/
Nightly ritual: death cab for cutie & ed sheeran on replay.
Natalie postman <3
Long lunch was long. Of course I would forget my keys in the apartment the ONE day Harry isn't around
Booksigning and Gallery Walk with grafitti artist Cynic: Thursday, July23 at 2:30 in the Galleries. Free and open to the public.
that "form" was also pretty good in the 2010 winter olympics...
We Will Never Leave Kidrauhl. <3
Nice! That's the Android phone to get dude :D
Thanks for the follow, !
I'm SO craving a Cowboy Dawg from today!!! We gotta get you guys up north of LA too!!!!
please follow it would be
Awesome meeting with last night - stay tuned for their upcoming feature on the site.
Yeah me too I park my car in the garage at my work everyday and I swear I get random dents out of no where I hate it!!
Ready for the next journey #MovingForward - XavierLT.com
They're refueling the plane while we wait for Chicago weather to clear so we can land there. And THEN, after clearing customs
Thanks, Meg! Happened to be driving past and pulled over for a photo & of course a cookie too!
Save us now, from the rich and the poor...
I love dancing with a passion, honestly.
Random post-match attack by Kane but a fun tag match. Big show of confidence in Epico & Primo
Pretty pumped about 's new cohort of incoming doctoral students...including a self-described metalhead!
We are set! Just waiting for the go ahead to show off the very first shirts!
Heads up! Common toiletries like toothpaste and hairspray may contain acids and other ingredients that could damage your stone surface.
Please check out my New video! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
If i wanna do music , whats the point of going to school lol
Your abs look like mashed potatoes. Ew.
Nothing good.
..and so it start. Another work week
I'm not generally an annoying person, you're just such an easy target ;)
WHO ELSE IS EXCITED FOR WNBA TIP-OFF?!
she had dumps like a truck truck truck thighs like what what what let me see that thong thong thong thong thong
My mom is such a selfish person -_- sacrificing MY sleep for taking care of my dog. He can take care of himself!
are you In sav? I will be there next week. Went to SCAD and think I saw u on the street downtown once
Its been a ridiculous week/end of "its a small world" connections...must be the
People that suddenly ignore me and avert their eye make me nervous- like they know something I should know- Like I'm going to be sacked.
Just getting home from church!! Can we say, Amazing!!!
The dog we adopted is named Aleena. We were calling her Leena until a friend said, "Like Lena ?" Oh HELL No! Time for a new name.
Love days when I don't leave the couch and go to bed in the pjs I wore all day.
YES!! And did you see in a few music vid concepts?? I want them to do a song together! haha:D
*waves* RT : We love having our very own Michele Mitchell in Canada this week screening our #Haiti film.
no prob, sorry for the short notice
Come join us WED July 20th for our final pilot taping! Along with guest from on WMMS. FREE at
I will check that thing you call email now
looks awesome! We are proud to support
I still have my HS backpack with Voodoo Glow Skulls written in wite out
House of Payne. Terrible, terrible sitcom.
Brisket is has been in (the crockpot) for over 7hrs and it still aint done!
merry xmas to you to bishop
I miss our 'I love you more' fights, and the nicknames you'd give me. I miss being able to call you mine and talking to you all the time </3
Soo I made a friend in my math class..he's a registered sex offender
Will you be livestreaming the Celebration of Junior Seau's Life from Qualcomm on May 11th?
"tweet"...Yay!! 300 tweets! I think I'm losing my voice... :D
i'll take those gloves off your hands
About too take me a nap
Who's watching ??? Who's it gonna be Karen or Ivy???
Took an hour to get from 4th/Santa Monica to the 405 today at 5:30.
thank you!
Free? We aren't just in business for handouts! :) RT : I want a free shirt. Please and thank you.
I know how to spot a fool, they dont ever shut up.. if you speak it you don't know it.. if you know it you don't speak it..
Idk how ppl sit around and live off the government or wait for handouts! Tf? I gotta get up! Get out! And GET IT BY ALL MEANS!
How the *bleep* does this kid have 7,000+ followers?! RT i had 3 cramp in the middle of the night that shit hurt
Had a cville debut pint of Boxcar at last night! Looking forward the big batch.
Chase Utley fielded ground balls during BP. First time he's done that since rejoining team.
For real! Tami, Evelyn and Suzi would have been dealt with!
LOL OMG YES I REMEMBER<3 I MISS YOU MORE
I dnt trust anyone
yeah we actually had tickets but I rather be with my babies that night!!!
All the 'coming up' announcements sounded like threats
Perfect review and spot-on analysis of the typical Oasis (Noel) fan.
Your ass can't go cause of your teeth? That's the most sus thing I've ever heard
"We rock the boat, Poseidon" hahaha makin' a comeback
Who Needs A Fake I.D? DM Me.
truely sorry I couldnt go to the freshman frenzy :(
Oceanside Police: The death of former NFL star Junior Seau is being investigated as a suicide.
i miss Cullen in the #greenandyellow. dude is a monster.
Tony: Ok, we are in a law-enforcement caravan going south on the northbound lane on 45.
It's late but our Facebook just hit it's 400th fan! Reminds us of all of our fans and how thankful we are for all of you!
10 Common Website Mistakes and How to Fix Them
Imma Call Ian for a spot in the studio for Monday bruh
#nowplaying like moths to flames-sweet talker :)))) love this dann ep so much
I don't have any recipes, really. I just fill up the blender with kale, then open a bag of frozen fruit of some sort. Water.
Why don't aren't my apps integrated into one another? If tweets a link, then I want the article to open in my HuffPost app!
I know some bullshit when I see it. No way the #Bengals beat #Raiders this year. I'm plannin on being there
#WhenImBored I just look through my phone
Awesome! Thank you so much! =D
can't wait for my iPhone to get here so I can facetime!
You've changed. I've changed. We've all changed. Now let's go our separate ways and shut up already. Stop your bitching and grow up.
Rob Wilson just crossed the 30 point mark.
A walk off home run and then I turn to see the devils scored again?
Bieber is Rad! Follow me or retweet if you agree!!!
Homemade tortillas are go. My back, not unrelatedly, is gone. Next up: Making flautas while standing rigidly upright.
": Making a #Gemini your enemy will be the worst mistake of your life."
if he get outta line his feelings get hurt
Tweet #1. We're going to have some fun world ;-)
Kind women >>>
Somebody who wins a lot please beat me at #chesswithfirends User name Speakspress. I having a hard time finding good challenges.
Bruce nelson sighting...he said I was one of his favorite players of all time
Grilling steak on charcoal for lunch is like having a nooner with your grill.
All You Do Is Lie So What Am I To Believe. -GoodnIghtt
currently getting my Ombre hair on !!!! ... ( ; I'll put pics up latahhhh!
use TweetDeck, it has the ability to notify for just about anything.
Remember the day!!! Love and blessings to all who have passed and those left behind to carry on.
The horse of course. I don't anticipate you winning a race anytime soon.
You make me asdfghjkl;
Grow the fuck up
I figured it was right around there. Holy shit.
Im starting to wonder how the students are going to see this, and how it will effect them in the long run.
The #Aztecs are losing the battle of the boards 16-21.
Thanks for the link. We'll check that out.
yes. They would like storyboarding/design as well as more advanced captivate training.
RT: #ItSeemsLike the more I want something, the further away it is.
#Webslam rules! So hard to make choices when everything these kids made is great!
we somehow breed great bands here in MN. NFL team leaves something to be desired though ;)
WTF, GEORGIA HAS SOME NASTY LOOKING BUGS, THIS BUG LOOKS LIKE IT HAS A TAIL AND BUGS DO NOT CARRY THAT TRAIT -_-
uh oh
in #houston tommorrow..... he needs to stay for
Yay my Mariners won!!! Now Yankees Vs Redsox...Yankees better win so my man is happy!!!
The weather has been nice the last few days. Now it's supposed to snow...AGAIN...UGH!
When was the last time someone did something nice for you? What was it?
Injured At Work? We Can Help You. Get A Free Case Evaluation Today. 1-800-609-7852
i would pay the price of admission to see that.
It's so true when they say "what goes around comes around"
Please take a look at the tweets I posted to concerning MicroCell and Uverse.
RT : #COMinaDay has 7 hours left! I'm really hoping someone re-enacts the Mary Tyler Moore hat toss in front of COM.
The people in your dreams are real faces of real people you have met during your life that you may not remember.
Community + Enthusiasm + Tremendous Value = What ever you want in Life
thanks for the follow! I love to read and review YA so I hope you enjoy the reviews.
yeah we usually stop growing at around that lol
best hangover musicc
Schools almost out = weekend mine :)
yes im serious the pic is the proove
Just getting home. You're likely headed home, if not there already. Maybe we can meet up sometime soon, though!
Just saw in the Fox broadcast about our #Packers cross country cyclists. Too bad they kept calling Rick Dignus "Rich Dingus"
My thoughts are everywhere right now
thanks for the RT Beau :-) happy #WW to you!
Continue to go after your dreams. No matter what the media says... you can still be a millionaire, six figure earner, you set the goal.
Quick, I need someone to explain the "stand your ground" law or how to make 17 gunshots in a gluten-free enthusiast look self inflicted.
If you get a tweet from me about "some nasty things" people have said about you, IT'S SPAM, DO NOT OPEN LINK!!!
If your bar advertises free wifi; your regulars are losing.
1800 tequila tries to be too manly and overcompensate for its poor taste, I really dislike the commercials
Coach Chip
Damnit my phone got cut off i can only receive calls & messages
Foster's home for imaginary friends!
#Brewers tighten it up boys!!! Bring it back babies!!!!! Please!!!!
um. Should I treat you like a hoe ? Cause you didn't follow me back. So does that mean your a unfollow ?
The girl I'm with just sucked the lime out of the bottles neck..... My balls just did a jig!
Ruby is just what's hot-not convinced it's worth the time investment; probably easier to learn PHP than strt from scratch
Trying to finish up THE SCENT OF RAIN AND LIGHTNING (Nancy Pickard) for Monday Morning Mystery book group.
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED.
Try first goal in over one full calendar year haha..
Thank you for following me, You are so so sweety Monique :) x
How's Rocket going to get out of this one?--two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Ready to go..
Welcome, Peter!
Love. RT Metta on whether he'll shake James Harden's hand: "I don't shake subs hands." Fair enough.
Welcome to the BHB page cristian!
Not sure how I'm feeling about #lesnar back in yet.Said some pretty cold things before, but whatever's good for business I guess?
yes!! Awesome conversations. So much passion here!!
I know! Last time I woke up at 6 and still didn't feel totally up to speed. 5:30 wake-up call tomorrow.
App idea: A service that makes you virtually invisible & perhaps kills you at the same time. So at last you can relax.
Why is it so hard to get to follow me!?
His wife finna beat his ass lol
Looking forward to Warped Tour like it's my wedding day.
Lol 2 can play this game.
For as many classes as adjuncts teach across #highered, its amazing how little voice or choice we have! Join us
i wanted to hear him sing xD
On June 11, communities all over the US will suspend the population-control killing of healthy animals for "just one day." Spread the word!
Order sent to Stephanie in CA!
Singer Songwriter Series showcase tonight @ 8pm. #Cantab Lounge Cambridge, MA. 21+, $6 cover.
I don't get it about the NBA .... U play basketball... The end
my crontab scheduling is now aligned with the reproductive cycle of the cicada.
TK FOOTBALL PICK'EM CONTEST. Who are you picking this week?
Watching James Beard Noms Live via !
i know that now i did grow up from that and LOVE MY LADY with all that i am
Now following
damn, looking into that now. crazy...
holy moley! "The Guild" made the front page of MSN. What the what?!?
too bad i wont be able to try that until churchill-laws family reunion oh joys
lots of thing to do in one day bro
Thanks for the follow Penn Yan. I'm SURE you listen to RIGHT?!
huh? I'm confused *scratches head*
Dealing with these black ass people. Smh. I need more white friends.
slim fit? Are you trying to alienate 2/3 of the voters?
Just when I thought Groupon emails couldn't get more annoying, they're now offering a discounted \
bahahaha poor you. :(
come in this Wednesday to our Bellevue Nomu Lounge for our final night of Trivia!
How are u that faded that u drown in a bath tub??? Wish she could have got some help
Great pic! What's your favorite Pie?
Plastic acquisition! New bling coming soon........
whom you skype there? is for me to add
I LOVE YOU CHINA AN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE ;)
i love you.
thx for helping spread the good word...
In my 7 am delirium, imagined I got an email from a specific party with a specific message. 11 am, no e-mail. Am I crazy? #Don'tAnswerThat
Monty designed a codec that did something like that before Vorbis. I'm not sure he finished it. Safety can be achieved with a VM.
I've been pretty bad at twitter lately. Apologies to the three people that actually care about my prose.
hate to hear you lost but classic story.
M's win!
ew. But probably true.
7 Blue Skies this Sunday @ The Haven in Orlando for "Rock for Gina". Set time is 4 pm. Come put and support a good cause.
We shut down Luxe last night
let me know next time you air so I can tune in
I like messing with people. I can't help it
Such a lovely day in
Instagram had 35 million users and didn't work that well on Facebook. Smart move. Withhold functionality, get purchased, retire.
Bc's birthday surprise: dinner at !
: I wish you could come tonight!
Who wins in a shooting contest right now? You or He has been talking about crushing people.
<--- change your username. Its a lie. You are not perfect. YOU ARE FAR FROM PERFECT.
Can u buy ur ticket at the door
Jets sign Peyton can they still resign bart or is there no way?
#healthtip: Do NOT exercise when u are sick especially w/ fever. When sick your body needs 2 spend all of its energy healing itself
Anne says to prepare for 90-95% of project time for assembling and working up the data!
have you found the video yet??? :D
please adopt me
Peabodys is where its at Saturday come support Cleveland metal and hardcore
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Ralph Waldo Emerson
doesn't know what to say anymore.
Wishful thinking my boy!
I have met u once if I ever get the chance to meet u again do u think u would remember me?? I'm an unforgettable person!! HAHA XOXO
Red pants.
Duh , Who Else ? Lmao ": if you talking bout my son he right here"
New video up on youtube
Just saw amazing clip of the film Romero on moral leadership in the face of mortal danger.
RT : The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them.
Going to give people some time to #FollowBack or I will unfollow them(:
Jonathan Aldrich joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture series to celebrate Poetry Month! Wednesday 4/18 @ Noon-1:00pm in the Rines.
my back went out, so i can kind of relate. muscle relaxers today. i hope you feel better!!:)
oh purdy!!! I can't wait to do mine. =P
Thanks man. It's all downhill from here.
OK, so after a few phone calls, my LAST 1099 from last year should be in the mail tonight. Finally, I can do my damn taxes!
Got away with doing absolutely nothing in double maths today it was so good :).
Congrats on your Master's! Super Proud!
FOLLOW she follows back and you'll gain 100+ followers!
Yellow for Kompany
Thanks for the shout-out! We're thrilled and exhausted in equal measure. So glad you could join us.
Love the #FabFitFun blog! I check it everyday for the great tips and tricks! Thx for all the awesome info! Amazeballs!
Cannot believe it's only 10:15 and I'm thinking about lunch already!
But, the Finns are from New Zealand. So, while you may be in Oz, you're hearing a foreigner!
hahaha it's just funny lol. I mean two of your good friends thought it was funny. You just should take it so serious
yes Discrim. cannot be made ok by a vote. Amend 1 is not discrim. It does nothing to gay people but keep the defn of marriage.
Such a long stressful day of doing absolutely nothing but napping and pasta-ing
Going on a jog. Yeah buddy
Making today by bitch.... And setting the tone for a great week ahead of me.
follow me luke dkslsls
Big Announcement Tomorrow Going to be Huge...............Specyphi What you Believe............
Just ate at Lucky's Cafe in Dallas & #JerryJones, owner of the Cowboys, sat down at the table next to us!
Dog beach today was awesome
Japan injury brings a break to the action. Wish I understood Japanese. Curious if there will be English commentary on the delayed broadcast?
Muscial practice :( I'm doing makeup for them this year. Hopefully I won't be there too late! And we can hit the road :)
ANY SEXY LADIES IN THE LOS ANGELES AREA THAT WANT TO AUDITION FOR AN UPCOMING MOVIE EMAIL ME FOR MORE INFO THANKS
-----> PALIN 2012 <----- Titanic battle for the heart and soul of America's future. Obama would be toast.
Chiana:Forget the sound of one hand clapping, try playing "fetch" alone.
No sport has more fake tough guys than baseball. Throw at someone's back, then wait for your buddies to jump in if the guy charges you.
Just spent half an hour in congestion on Bigelow Boulevard for no fucking reason. I'm beyond pissy.
Went to the Grove last night!!!!
I would love to do the same ... for st gall manuscripts and for cuneiform objects ... my two big projects right now
Take the progression....one day at a time....take the success.....right now!!!!!
We are back...!
Valerie Holstein: "If you don't have customer service, you don't have anything."
Bye bye!
can i get the recipe to that dish your mom made when i came over?? It was amazing! :-D <3
Drama is so different now.
Sounds like a weekday vegas trip is in order. Count me in. : Help me get out of this city just one time lol!
seriously you guys should start a blog called Heard In Michigan.. it's be like SH&% My Dad Says.. :)
Once I have More than 4,000 followers, I am gonna have a surprise c:
think I misunderstood :) they need some pshop work done? or they are available to do retouching?
yep and now everyone is just sayin he has one without proof!?!? Wat type of fan dosent want proof!?!?!
if Jerimiah had been a shepherd, we would have been pretty good with herds.
RT : How many Djs out there don't have the K Le Pasa remixes??!? Yo!
: You're the second winner, Christian! Adding you plus one to the Yelp list... just give 'em your name at willcall
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle... Yeah!
you totally have to tell Sam Llanas's bass player or guitarist that Ethan says hi
You don't have a puppet named Lambchops, by any chance? :)
Thanks for the Mention!
Most of these people aint about they business they just wanna surround themselfs with the Bosses!
On my way to Charleston & can't wait to start KEPLER rehearsals tomorrow !
-.- I can never get passed 1,080
do you have any money on any of the games?
Thanks for the
Stop assuming the worst in people.
What will you be wearing? - October 15th - Halloween Costume Dance Party - 21+ $5. - 815 V Street - Backbar
I know:/ I miss you!
Just wrote a new kick ass song on the piano ... u know ur jealous :p
that was great! lol
Hey ma! What was the best gift you received this mother's day?
Honestly, Pitt, you gave up and I'm more than a little disgusted. Not like it might've been the last brawl or anything. Sheesh.
Bronco Country: how long will it take u to buy a Manning jersey? Me? Awhile. I gotta see something special like I did with Timmy
maybe boyfran scared u kidnap him so u can take picture :P
... and it'll be interesting to see the solutions universities come up with in the next few years
What did I ever do to you?
Infante's got my back for
it beats sitting at a desk all day! It's all about adventure...and today certainly was one :-)
you to huh
Maybe hot girls arent devoid of personalities, they're just cranky because all theyve eaten in months are three carrot sticks and a luna bar
Mr. Hill, will you be able to play in the 1st round of the playoffs?
Its going:)
thank you for the RT! Love your dog photos :)
good idea.. YOU call ME! Best movie ever lol
UGH I need to finish this mix.
if you don't make sense then don't talk shit
u have inspired me to follow my dreams.... I cannot thank you enough. :)
SOMEONE TELL HER TO STOP~~~
I be trappin I be trappin I be workin I be twerkin I be movin I be juggin I be bustin down them birds
What should I do? Tell him straight up I like him or what?
Jessica Simpson reportedly paid $800K by People magazine for first baby pics.
600th tweet goes out to
Why is it so hard for ppl to understand that space is the key thing to a clear mind???
-sighs softly-
The Sunday Twilight Concert Series will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Do we know when registration will be live? I can't wait to give you my money/fill out the grad forms for money. :)
Chubby Hubby is my freakin faveee!!!! :D
Flying back to Oregon tomorrow for a busy week and my first interview in over a year, speaking out! STAY TUNED!
Growing old is a must, Growing up is optional I C!!
One time I had a dream that I was dancing. I was about to do a combination. "5, 6, 7, 8..." I started dancing in bed, but then I woke up.
I should be working but instead I am flooding everyones twitter feeds with absolute nonsense. One day I will have something important to say
I am so down! You tell me when
HaHahaha!!! Santana on #Glee is freaking HILARIOUS!<3 "its okay if Rachel wants a big beak."
thanks for understanding. Haha
take me for who i am. if you dont like me it doesnt give you the right to make fun of me cause im a mexican. think before you say somthing.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset People playing with my emotions..
Finally getting the team on board with social media... great for team approach to multiple outlets. What does your team use?
That shit you tryna do I did it yesterday ...
I am now humming The Partridge Family. And I second the Friday shout out!
We put a gorilla on our front lawn to celebrate National Library Week.
The LA Kings....wow. 8-1 in the post season. Amazing forwards, but this is all a credit to Quick. Incredible.
lol the box is pretty much empty at this point
i officially hate first shift and it hasnt even started yet. blehh.
tomorrow is Record Store Day. get off your buts and go buy some records!
Consumer spending up but probably because kids can't keep wearing the same clothes forever, tires wear out, etc. Savings rate almost 10%!
Thanks! You're back!
Tell me you love me
That is how good things happen. One Goal. Same Page.RT : ONE. GOAL.
Yes! Thank you!
The knicks is linning right now
I'm blessed
Kobe was too passive on that last possession. Yeah I know he's almost literally dead, but yeah.
In my own world for ever nd ever
I AM JEALOUS!
I am thankful for you (and everyone) who has do work today, to keep us NFL fans entertained and informed each and every day.
More new photos - Colorado Scenery - www.pbase.com/issyr/colorado_scenery
Yeah, I'm sympathetic. Maybe a good time to practice deep breathing techniques, since I imagine you can't crack a beer.
#BlackMonopolyGamePiece a blunt
In Tallahassee today with Film Florida talking with Legislators
Its super nice out.
Damn, The Seeds of Doom is incredibly intense! And that was only the first two episodes!
Andy Dalton + AJ Green = Co-Offensive Rookies of the year!! WHODEY!!!!!!!
I wasn't quick enough :-(
we used to finish each others sentences now we walk around like public enemies.
meweto night big.
Hey Ella! Wats ur Facebook name so i can add u!
i wonder if she got that DM.
At a kids birthday party
saw your ADHD ad and I am happy to know someone successful has felt the same frustrations. Needed that little help.
Public Petitions Obama to Kill E-Parasite Act
my mom has an iPhone too. this is weird.
Event season is exhausting and it hasn't even started....what is this!?!?!?
9/11 - Never Forget - God Bless America
I'm pretty sure that OKC is going to kill the Lakers today.
#AlphaOut. This alpha needs her beauty sleep to look fabu the last days of school.
Yes m'am it did! Totally crazy. Everyone was super sweet though. Khadijah was worried the baby was going to slip out. So cute!
16th Amend, great - did they rule it a direct or indirect tax?
culvers is the tits! Wish we had them in FL
If you have a specific style or color in mind, don't worry- we also make custom fixtures. You dream it, we make it!
Is it soy free?
Open membership! Just cant be an uppity ring winner.. Or multi ring winners are the worst
Hey , I'm installing mercury on slicehost. I have no idea what I'm doing, but it's fun so far. Can't wait to test.
Have to mow the lawn. Something I enjoy but would like a nap first. Don't think the neighbors would appreciate late-night mowing.
Happy trails Andy. RT : last day in boise.
Kotchman still blows
Construction Spending Up Slightly After Declines
thank ya
Nothing ._. I have no life. -_-
busy day. graduation parties and a former tx tech player opening a new club over in city centre. will be good to see old friends though.
Awesome thanks! And because you're a Wolfmother fan
hah thats awesome man. Super excited
12 hour fasting Burger King smells delicious Doctor's appointment
the word scrapple just makes us hungry...
Boy: "Hey babe I miss you." Girl: "Your Xbox broke didn't it". Boy: "Yep...".
request(love) for skip line list tonight at sxsw.
I've been trying to get my toes warm all day long.
We had our first official interview to day with - Jed Carlson - Great stuff to come
My lil bit of hair dry af right now...
Stand against the devil, and the devil will run from you - James 4:7
starting up an account to share marketing/ social media news and trends.
"Wade through a pitch-black sea of balloons that respond to your movements with ethereal glows of light." Why yes, I think I will.
#Cubs about to get started!
we are the
Just found out 5 months of auto-deducted bill payments we made were accidentally credited to another customer's account. Ah, technology.
If u marry me I'll buy u all your dream cars! XD
Thank! You! For! The! RT!
thank you we love your butt & your heart!
Mahalo for the RT! So many things going on today! Happy #cincodemayo!
I'm posting the show as soon as I find a good screen shot of the both of us. We made crazy faces.
you and your dog are so cute.!
join showchoir they said. It'll be fun, they said.
Thanks! RT : Best of luck!
This mom literally just said, "if I'm in the car buckled before you, you're grounded."
he was there last year. So cute. I think he has a book out
Finna dye my hair lol not all of it tha
<3 *bandage* ;p here you go
So now i have to wear glasses all the time..bo...gues its true the older u get ur eyesight is the 1st to go..
be careful out there!
sorry Carson. I dot mean to inconvenience you. Maybe next year!
That's great, nice work!
in the same room President Sexton & Peter Henry not here but send their greetings.
I can't go to teen hoot because I live in narnia.
Thanks Check out too.
anii de:C:C e sheh :P
Beautiful day
People will respond to you on Twitter if you are helpful to them says at
We do it.
man you're really missing out kid this life is great lbs hahaha let me stop rubbing it in
you mean ?
Who the lineup this year for SILYMI?
cool. I last talked to them in Jan. and they were still working out the kinks so I was just curious.
Mosdef is a sensational rapper
Yes! Just when I thought the show couldn't get any better...
Lakers are not about to get sweep by OKC is about to lose nxt game tho
What if i run out if honky tonks before i get over her
#Rockies Tulo hits fifth today, in part because he's in a slump vs. lefties and because he's hitting .138 vs. Dodgers Ted Lilly.
I could be wrong...but I believe diversity is an old, old wooden ship used during the civil war era.
Monkey. RT : Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
thanks Patrick! Make sure to use ur promo code and earn $5 for each referral, keep up the good work!
is mourning the celtics....oh well there's always next year
what poop no
Whereas the buffet rule alone, deemed a symbolic gesture toward lowering US debt would have raised 47 billion
yea I know. I have gotten any news since
Best part of day was certainly the 8 kids on the block who took off training wheels, raised the seat and fixed the bars. All under 9 yrs old
I think your cupcakes look better then the other contestants.
Beautiful photos of the Boundary Waters on your site. Great place to get away.
#imagine you were 's girlfriend and he tweeted you everyday non stop . <3
*scrolls down TL ^ fake fake fake^
When mind is weak, situation is a PROBLEM. When mind is balanced, situation is a CHALLENGE. When mind is strong, situation becomes an OPP.
cuz i'm in beast mode, beast mode, gimme dose beats i eat dose
yea man we bout to have a big party for him tonight
fun for kids of all ages!
Forget the lakers, thunder, and the heat. I'm ready for football season
very powerful!
Great piece on Leaf
Welcome back to the States,
I went cold turkey on weed today good luck
Eating a #glutenfree cupcake from My life will never be the same.
Who is following the game? Whats happening?
Listened to Audra McDonald's "Way Back to Paradise" CD today; still electrifying. The songs are superb, and Audra is amazing.
be careful they might be zombies coughing up lung bits
sorry i meant :-/ it's just lk any other case., media will start2 report whn there's traction n the case nthing to report now
Last night I "found" an old favorite on the bookshelf to read to my 2yo: Each Pear Pear Plum -- he loved it!
Handy man for a day.
my teacher gave me till 4pm to email it to him so yeah i will have no social life at lunch
Let's do this!
Taco bell's doritos locos taco is just ehhhhh. Not that much of a game changer.
Something amazing is happening today in the world of #Dance #Chicago- do you know what it is?
Ohh I need a program called MacDefender ... :P.
It's sad and embarrassing but my poli-sci grade is so far my worst, so I need to rock in this final.
Check out our newly designed FB page! How do you like it?
I'm getting old and settled I need a hobby! hehehe
that's it. last load of laundry done! goodnight all!
my number aint changed you said you txtd me i dont got no numbers so yu gon have to call me when yu out here
Billy went out to get groceries. I hope he is back before the Gremlins destroy the house!
i miss you chica!
#Knicks faces starting to get that look.
Just finished flamenco practice and im exhausted! Hard work to reach "perfection".
Papa Bear's BBQ?
Short Dow at 8670, 4 contracts.
I moved to Seattle from SFla 3 yrs ago, so there is baseball fever already. I'll be watching at 3 am here!
No real evidence for dinosaur to bird evolution
Franklin hits a 3 as the buzzer goes off! The #Aztecs win!!
Phx. Metro-Seeking highly motivated, caring people to work w/disabled adults & children in their homes. If interested
except their in Wash Ash...
Gonna be a long day! But fun ;)
Summer Jam is about to go H.A.M
! this is my king's kid dream come true.
Uh oh Damien, don't kill the coach! Ready, OK!
It's Justin's world, we just live in it. #RRchat Myspace vs. Spotify
you're hot.
Cool. I'm thinking of coming. 8:00?
The Month in Grimes/Dubstep
I wouldn't pay attention to that normally, but he is still "kind of a jerk."
#playoffs You know you love hockey when you........
Hmu for tix for my comedy show tonight @ Starlight Ballroom starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends it's goin b funny as hell doors open @ 7pm
and no wii anymore. All yours if you wabt
Family watching Thor...blah
#Heartattack Smokers Mistakenly Believe Vitamins Protect Them From Cancer Title: Smokers Mistakenly Believe Vitamins Protect Them From Canc
Drinking Black Label 12 yr. For free!!!!
Sounds like he's playing quite well. Don't hate my friend, embrace the former Badger! :)
miss you too! How are you guys doing??
okay I wont but u cant be one either, nd follow me back :)
About to beat some ass in Frisbee golf.
Rolling Stone Red Carpet was rediculous! Awesome night
please?:D
o.O That's a lot of comments.
VN, coming back with M of 63, time to run the game over!
How Do You Know About Vinny?
RT There's no place like home
"rondo with the 3" is once again trending
- which country are you in? i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent! :)
I am not complaining though... I love it!! :)
We were born to be happy, not to be perfect <3
suppose to be doing homework, but what am I doing? Looking at pageant dresses... EPIC FAIL.
hoes dese days. Nasty, she gave me
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
Finna get on my level before the night begins
AHH Scream It Like You Mean It Tour VIP ticket prices make it so worth it! Lets go.
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
Starbucks is my legal drug dealer!! M
thank you!!!
Mother nature playing with us lol
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
no school :) doing #nothing all day
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
I really need to get to bed.
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
yup, just watched this.....yup....
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
the 80s are back baby!
Over 1billion smart phones by 2014 and present a huge marketing platform.
June bugs in May? Warm summer?
Makes my day when I go to make coffee and already has it waiting for me.
Sounds about right RT Workin with & at Rondor... You can say we are proceeding to "go HAM" if you will..
Hey, #HermanCain: Obama never hired a slander lawyer. Is this supposed to be "presidential"? Pussy.
night, sweetie. Enjoy your rest xoxox's
Does anyone know when Season 4 of #TVD start? I Know the finale was like 15 min. ago but I NEED TO KNOW THESE THINGS! lol
April showers do bring May flowers Mayhem Nation. Start cranking up 's theme...
Perfect intro haha. Nice
RT hold me like a gun
Huh!!!!!!! Word is only way okc can beat Sa is if harden plays point! RT : That beard is really gross..
well, I've meet 3 very rude people in coach and a very nice older couple in the dining car so far. Kinda uneventful really. :/
hand writing tickets is impressive, @ #astd2012 the cafe's cash reg broke. Guy cldnt figure out how much change out of a $10
People need to learn to grow up and have respect..
hell ya!
Ready for that up north weather :)
People lie.
Career Calendar
I keep getting messages from you, seems like you are hacked. Gotta block sorry
is thankful for ESPN3
I love how I used to HATE country music.. now I'm in love with it.
Make sure to come to TK to watch SDSU take on Utah tonight at 6! We've got $5 Shocktops and bigger TVs than Best Buy. Let's go Aztecs!!!!
go follow she well be the happy girl on earth if u do .!!!!!!!!!!! Please
basketball is my stress reliever
Life is sometimes like filing for bankruptcy, forgiveness is a fresh start.
Congrats! Exciting.
When doing a Phase I, check the insurance of the company. If they don't have at least $1 million in coverage then your report is not valid
There's something 'bout love That breaks your heart It sets you free There's something 'bout love That tears you up You still believe
Here's a wild idea...perhaps if this country didn't send so many jobs overseas.so manyAmericans wouldent be unemployed.. Just a thought
Rainy day... I hope this doesn't mean I'm the only one at Zumba.
no who? Just say it you brought it up so tell me .. Im so serious . Who ?
you'll be great at it. It does take a few days to get use to.
OH YEAH! DOOF BUDDY POOL TIME!
Thank you RT : Thanks for making a difference. As a foster kid, I know the world of foster care appreciates you!
Yay to and team for their advocacy of cage-free data...
Interims in Charleston today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
wth u doin #LosingFocus?????? Im good...unless u wanna feed uh brother...lol
k thanks
Lol I'm better no I put a guy in his place and he's older then me hahahahaha dumb ass
New Orleans-March 16-18 need females for Power Shoot. You will be submitted for music videos for JayZ, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross and many more
My grammar goes out the window with hunger
haha your weird... I'm not paying attention to it
He is probably interviewing at either Arizona State or UCLA
Thank you for the #FF shout out!! Have a great weekend! :)
aww YOU'RE the best!
Figuring it all out has been interesting. I think Rattlesnake is on the menu!
Me too!! I think I read more fiction & forbidden romance stuff lol
Seriosly contemplating staying after work just to watch cable.
couldnt find it. Send me the url
Calm down I'm planning to come out to Tampa the 12-15 Sept. Please ink me in. &%$# lol can't wait.
no fair! I look like Quasimoto!!!
RT : RT : If you help me get to 9k followers today I'll post a new song on my tumblr :)
Okay thanks! I get my new phone tomorrow (: It's about time too, I've missed iittt haha.
Smokey treats. I need to quit.
Who wants to the golf range with me?
Thanks for resharing my tweet!
Havent Been On This Account In A Loooonng Time (:
Absolutely, & that is my message. I often wonder if those society refers to as "Special Needs" are in fact the angels among us
What are the odds that gets a kit sponsor before the season starts?
Been thinking along those lines. We should knock heads in the coming days. :)
Thank you Sgt. Matthew Mount for your service to this country. It was an honor to meet you. I wish the best for you and your family.
Always glad to do it! How are things in your neck of the woods?
At the office in Hersham, UK, hoping to leave soon. And driving on the wrong side of the road is a hell of a lot harder than I thought...
My eyes thank you ;)
Headed to Mt St Helens!
Obviously the details are more involved than what is presented, but without an MBA, a person can understand what went on.
Guess who just got a job....
Fly Like an Eagle works too
Yay for Sol!!!! :-D Glad you are having a fantastic time in the 101 class!
Thank you Lord for all that you have given me. I am blessed to have such a great family and friends.
Paranormal State is the shit, period.
Glad to see Eric McClure talking to the officials after that crash. Getting taken off on a stretcher.
Apparently doing a can can line is pretty dang hard... Wait, they don't have jump ropes? Nm.....
Oh honey, def hit up Rhumbar the last time!! I'm so excited. I want to live there so bad!
" , , and competing this Sat !" Good luck!
WTF IS THAT NOISE?!
video shoot next month, BUSH is back, and I finally have a tan - kick ass summer underway
Lmao,that's the testing requirements.
you are fat!!!
#whosgonnalose - Houston at St. Louis - St. Louis will lose
My new place is almost done can't wait.
....THINK and SPEAK POSITIVELY ABOUT YOURSELF! ;-)
Museums + Social Media + Audience x Interactions + Engagement = Museum Community
Outside court. Verdict reached for William Balfour accused of killing Jennifer Hudson's family.
Interested in our Summer Housing program? Follow for updates and information!
Congrats class of 2011!! you did it boys <3
I'm shy until you get to know me.. then you can believe I'm just that naughty its the quiet ones that can teach you a thing (;
obviously?!?!?! #twinning wouldn't have it any other way!
My acting hw for the week involved answering the question, "When are you a whore?" Am I really getting academic credit for this?
follow me back like now! lol
Come on Live a little!!!!
Prepping for tonights Bucks / Heat game, let's get this win!!!
Wtf, when did my street become the hood? Ratchet hoe walking down the street crying, "gimme my phone I wanna go home, I hate you nigga" ughh
*turns game off* welp, guess i'll start recording early smh
i hate when creep old peolpe add you on facebook or thoese cute peolpe who add you on facebook but there really creeps & like every picture
I concur.
whoa. It goes... Hulk>Thor>Iron Man>Captain America>Hawkeye>Black Widow
YOU CAN SPEND THE NUGHT GET YOUR BUTT OVER HERE!!!!:D
keep dreaming even if it breaks your heart
im gonna throw something at you.
Its official THATcampcbus will be held at Columbus State Community College! More details coming soon. Big thanks to CSCC for the free space!
Brutal day of tearing out our kitchen which was last updated by previous homeowners when they moved in to the 1908 house - in 1960.
we are super excited that Alex from the 's H.I.N.T. program will be joining us for a free workshop in May! More info soon!
Only 1 more like to hit 4,000. Share this post with your friends!
OMG! I feel even worse today!
Grabbing the very last pair of jordans or foamposites
What game could it be? :P
RT ALL MOTHER'S DAY..
Return to the Return to the Leadership page
Really hoping you can fill the HUGE hole left behind by the loss of Gonna miss Nick. I believe you can step up
You be the master! Now!
Home from school... Today was a long day
I'm rewatching the Phocus tutorial. I want to make sure that I don't miss anything.
happy pre birthday
I have been drinking every single day for likes couple weeks. Lol
Just saw a huge truck load of signs going up on Pomerado. Won't be long before they have company.
if i could i would :'(
Yes, you have. :') I still remember that from quizazz when we first chatted. lol I honestly don't think so... :/
Great work has great reward!
nothing but love back sis!!!
Nic Green (WearitoutID) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Right now? If so, we're next door neighbors!
I'm in Milwaukee Baxter's not here, please pass this message along to Ron, most ricky tick .
Glad to report that AT LEAST 3 demonstrations took place at the hack line this weekend (3 dedicated groups). drivers were glum.
lmfao you're so fake though.
Confession20:this is the most important.....I love a girl that can give me my space
is such a sweetie pie. He made my nieces day @ FSO. Gr8 meeting you.
Happy 4th everyone! Cheers and have a safe and happy weekend!
Shopping for children's books for my friend's daughter and have inevitably ended up buying more books for myself.
TY! RT Are you a #nonprofit or #tribal govt in New Mexico or Arizona & need help with your #MIP or #Fundware?
Just a lil trip to Augusta
I'm telling you smartass...i won it...got drunk and lost it lol
Good vibes and a speedy recovery going out to
Be safe!
Then don't leave it!
Will we find at SXSW next week? If so, will buy the first round.
probably not quite what you're looking for, but Davis McCombs poetry collection Dismal Rock deals with tobacco farming, etc.
How can I get some music to you? Would love your feedback
I can't sleep. & I'm too happy that I started my friday by seeing perform live. Never thought I would be in tears, lol #LastKings ;}
so nice to spend some time with you and hope to have more conversations just like this here or real or else where
proudly supporting #teamfruitypebbles. :)
so MAYBE i'll start using Google+ more now with the integration of Google reader.... maybe.
Nice! like the high aspirations. Yea, we cater more 2 USD students but we help out Mesa students when we can. Yes my Co
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
Wats life without music i dont kno wat i would do on my spear time
and we have coach Karl its nice to be a Denver fan
The calm before the storm...
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx with
I will definitely try Black Cherry next time Pick N Save has it's on #sale. Sounds Delicious!
Yep...I couldn't resist posting that and making a caption for it...I'm glad you liked it! :-)
[Titus2:13]Let's daily look for the glorious appearing of our Lord ChristJesus + let's tell all of our loved ones we love them, while we can
haha the word yacht... It's nothin ;)
now THERE'S a thought...
Today is a good time to get in. Next 2 days will be filled with back to school cuts. Good luck to all of the back to schoolers out there!
My air conditioning better get fixed bc I am dying didn't even sleep...don't mess with me today
Boy you a sight to see kinda something like me ;)
feeling really crappy... Blech totally don't want to go to school tonight.
Love you. Hope you and Laura are having a kick ass time at TBS. Miss you both lots and make sure to call when a good jams on.
The votes have been counted and the results are in to our Brewers' Olympics! *drumroll please*
Those sapphire earrings! #EarringEnvy RT : Award-Worthy Jewelry, featuring , and MORE!
so proud of the mayor.
I partially take that back. Would be cool if ONLY the finale was found footage. It would add an immediacy to it.
waving hello early to everyone @ #blacklitchat. is special guest tonight. Welcome!
Thanks for all the RTs today
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back ~M. Angelou
Italian bit the dust hard!!
opensource NaN Cat? I wonder how that would work.
If your in Vegas, Follow the homie's !
good morning ugly ppl lol cuz a lot of ppl look so ugly wen they wake up lol.
long live part...oh man I miss you so much chan
All votes appear to have been counted. At this point, Kloppenburg is up by 204 votes. But there will now be a recount.
happy birthday Lady!! In sorry we missed out Saturday night. Drinks, us, the guys...soon! xo
Move deaths that made me cry: Spock in Star Trek II; Optimus Prime in Transformers; Bambi's mom in Bambi; Simon Birch in Simon Birch...
oops harry potter my bad
You know you're at a good pizza joint when Italians are hanging out around you. Chillin at 2amys.
told you lol
Hang in there, Tim. Regret is something we tend to torture ourselves with. Be good to yourself.
Not really what I was expecting.. but, okay.
Whose happier than Donald Driver that he moves on to DWTS finals? WISN-TV which should earn a killer rating for next Monday's shows.
Don't you just hate when you can't sleep. Is anybody else having that problem tonight?
Good Morning Tweeple! May your day be filled with goodness and joy
going to try. Now my daughter has a play date. My wife is going to work this afternoon. So it's going to me & my dog hanging.
Oh thank God.
WHERE U BEEN
everthing is good. See you doing great! I'm enjoying the songs. Nice, keep it up fam.
Hope should be held for QPR to pull off the miracle :)
sun flurries!
About to listen to #LeeSmith and #halcrowther at the #okratoopera conference
I wonder sometimes if the interns I've had apply to my agency were real or just random phantoms in search of a place to haunt.
Saap was messing around with a ton of women. No one held a gun to his head.At least the 1 above his shoulders
I buy friends who are dating people monogamously stuff all the time, though...
Cultural Preservation & Transformation--one of our #EfS Standards. RT "What would you teach if you were the teacher for a day?"
Tired real tired today But they needed the rookie of the year to make a special guest feature lol
I was supposed to be in Orlando right now! Oh well! I got a fly new whip so its all worth it! Catch me if u can. Gnite
Need to get my time down already in these 800s and 400s
En Masse Entertainment Marks a New Era in Online Gaming with Launch of Heralded Action MMO, TERA
u cant understand! its like this power!
At NYC Startup Weekend. Awesome crowd.
you too girl! sorry i didnt stay and chat. i had to get home.
so this white dude walked by me and my bro smokin and said i smell poisen ivy
Nice meeting you! Thanks for your advice, btw, I used it to go shopping yesterday!
It is BEE-YOU-TI-FUL outside! Love this weather... and writing with the windows open.
sockwonkey has new friends
Me and made a delicious dinner! :D practice tomorrow!!!
Dear - if you're going to tweet that a major highway is shut down, how about announcing when it reopens? Sincerely, Late For Work
Lol a very excellent shirt.
Damn right you're sexy!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you still have food in your spirit bag from last wgi
Spaz needs to go for it.
thank you very much and looking forward to seeing you tonight!
Be sure to thank your ex. If not for them, how would you know what a good woman or man truly is?
my 5 year says "I love your songs and I wish you won last night." He really loves you!
Congrats to Walton head coach Jeff Barth. Walton finishes off the regular season @ 8-2. Great job Jeff
Getting ready for the BIA Fall New Home Showcase!
I wish it was like the past
These refs need to wake up and start throwing these Coyotes out of the game. It only gets worse from here. Dirty players playing down.
Yes, let's give the sarlacc a beak. Even though the pit itself is clearly a throat, hence the burp.
Thanks for the mention.
I'm ready when you are.
Happy Fathers day!
seems to be missing a co-presenter... Where's Bleeckie?
so sorry I missed this! Nice job!
Thanks RT : I like this although I'd never underestimate the
Now Playing: Howlin' For You by The Black Keys
Ugh earphones why must one of you stop working I don't want to hear the sound of these bitches next to me
patience my friend
Congrats to everyone at YAT for a super succesful spring season SIGN UP FOR A SUMMER WORKSHOP OR FLL SESSION NOW www.yatkids.org 614-5057
looking for food.. -.-
You have a twitter now !!!
Gym Class Heroes performing at the Regency Ballroom tomorrow at 7:30pm
Not #InSchool because I have a doctors appt. (:
we haven't started practicing yet
what up cuz
Day one of a trial week of no dairy in my diet begins today. No dairy = no cheese and no milk in my coffee.
That sounds so cute!!! I would love to go, is it held everyday til the 31st?
Just found out with out having record on the tv I can restart ellen and watch it.
Can #RussellWilson play defense?
lol agreed, I dont even have a decent place in the city. They always doing too much. Just clean them up with a lil arch
Today I question my entire existence and why god created me and what he could possibly have planned for me and what he wants from me.
Looking for 1 break dancer for David Guetta Music Video. Hit me! There is pay! lol
Followed <3 , AND YOU MET ONE DIRECTION <|3 jealous.. ):
is it that bad to take a nap at 4:51pm? I hope not...that's exactly what I'm going to do...
RT : If you are interested in helping Marissa Alexander, please send your email address to
now addressing the media live on ESPN.
Happy Friday!
follow me? please )':
LOL with you when that guy didn't know his own dog!! Someone revoke his dog ownership privileges!!
At Universal with the coolest people ever! , , and We're ready to partaay.
getting dressed.
Thank you guys so much for saying this :] It means alot! It really does. Neon Trees are amazing!!
You pick me up just to push me down, you like me best when i'm on the ground.
99% of guys are hot. the other 1% go to my school.
Don't wanna be here right now...don't wanna be anywhere right now...
Your brother should check us out! We are a service/ app to help in case of fire or natural disasters
Nice nice nice!
Rain cancels Nebraska spring game. NO REFUND for $10 ticket but fans can redeem for baseball/softball game. I'd be upset.
#MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals Most octopi favor their right four tentacles, although about 10 percent are lefties.
i remeber having a conversation with you in 4th grade about this. u said u were going to be a cool mom and wear flared jeans.
Lost all of my contact, so text me.
I don't know who Joe Donnelly is, but I want to support him just because his opponents put tons of unskippable self-contradicting ads on YT.
Bed. Sleep. Goodnight
sat next to your boys from Albq on the plane to Miami! Small world!
WADE WOULD OF NEVER DONE THAT TO PAT RILEY.
it is a magazine that I work for
That should go directly into 4th grade history books.
Up to absolutely no good on an Monday evening. Hope yours is going well.
Codecademy's first lesson should be to not call it coding. Coding is to programming what alphabetting would be to writing.
wanted to see #21JumpStreet at #SXSW but our film premiered next door at same time! Will catch in theaters!
I still feel some sort of way when I am in the Dental Office !!!
I love me some Elisabeth! We need to catch up, girl.
Well I guess I'll call it a night, hope every one has a Great Week end!! ;-))
. so cool to follow this with you!
Thanks for following and Welcome.
The awkward moment when u and ur friend both like the same guy. And she doesnt know u like him so she brags about there moments.
With all the abnormally warm weather we've been having this winter, it's somewhat re-assuring to finally see some snow!
Film or TV? Why?
fyi, had nothing to do with this.
WOW!!! What a comeback by Dallas!!!
Europe's woes hit global demand for luxury homes
Dr. Phil? I guess he needs the ratings!
no just him. he was selfish, so thats why Dage was pissed about it.
Insulting really hurts me. It's like your pouring salt on my cuts. :'(
OMG! im freaking out im about to cry :) THANKYOU SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
My hair is partially blonde lol ... What have I done..!!!
Shopping at Buy Buy Baby for a friend's shower. These places always creep me out.
she is a romance writer too & if you don't know her already, you should. She is a romance writer too & tons Of fun.
quite the wise fellow Wesley.
If I know what love is, It is because of you. Herman Hesse
If I had a nickel for every time I've done that, the app would have paid for itself.
mornin u,,,how u been??
Overheard in the clinic: "I'm going to say it really tiny so you will have to use your super ears, okay?"
you sir, are a gentleman and a scholar
I am fair to say that after God made you, there was massive explosions in Heaven! lol. no woman is more beautiful than you!
You are gifted. And I never learn not to mix.
6 more days :)
your "attack" on is wrong. You say "we" knew all about Obama in 08, but low info voters did NOT
I was thinking the same thing. Spring was just teasing us I guess.
Look for ASP at the NAA conference in Dallas
I'd pretend to be your housewife any day. Cartoons, soccer, what's next? The Biggest Loser? My "meaningful" career is over
I'm going to try
looking like it is all over at Twickenham!!
New: Foie Gras Oysters sauteed, with quail egg sunny side up and a white truffle balsamic reduction.
Its a nice day out...ill be done around 4 :D
Madonna's new album is titled, 'MDNA' Will it be genetics themed, or an EDM album produced by Skrillex?
man, is everyone done with finals before me? RT if you aren't done til friday.
: anyone tried the "news dot me" ipad app from Bitly? I'm mid-way through my free trial and on the fence about whether I'll convert to paid.
I reaallllyyy am not tryin to study for this english test
breaking shit... again!
Stopped thinkn bout what I didn't have and start lookn at what I do have
yes so re-re-re-readable.
I AM SO PUMPED for my auditions Saturday but i still need to choose my 2nd song to sing -_-
thank you!!
i'm honored i could be here for you! :)
Could not be more proud of my tonight! What's not to love about this team? No all-stars needed.
does truth have twitter?
Android is a child of Linux. And Trovald needed a good op sys for himself and friends and set off a world revolution!
Rangers win + a half shirtless Gavin Rossdale = not a shabby Sunday night!
Sitting on the computer for hours, then suddenly thinking, "Why is there no music playing?!"
Bulls won
you should see me... It's not good
Habitat for Humanity: We helped build a house today...and yes, we got to use powertools and saws.
Did you just call yourself flat chested?!?
now u have said... Some said they sent an email to my business email yesterday night. And I have got anything.
ever heard of using the same password for everything? lol
Jon Connor's new mixtape "The People's Rapper LP" is sick af
When the Broncos win, contact www.QuickGymCS.com for a one-time FREE week at Quick Gym!! Do the workout the Broncos & Chicago Bears do!
Best Leaders = Create opportunities for your team members and then support them to be successful in those challenges!
<3 bring yours to India with you!
Just a few more hours until #MatchDay2012! Looking forward to all the excitement from you fourth-years out there.
YAY DAVE! so excited for you! AH! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT! I AM NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY!!! HOLY FREAKING COW!
A was the Queen for the K play today. Class did RolyPoly experiments, crafts and photos. It was Grandparents' Day.
Sore back is sore.
WTH, why are the birds chirping and why is it light outside, goodnighhhhhttt
You already know!
southern pecan
No lines at the Gates of Heaven polling place, as Wisconsin's spring primary is underway. Get out and vote!
Low, cheap blow. I'm sure u have a few in mind 4 Favre too. Vick is a young, struggling QB w/potential. I am sick of haters.
Possibly, feel free to check back in with us about that closer to time.
Recording in LA today... more new music!!
This is how it goes. I will respect those who respect me, and forget those who forget me. Simple as that.
Did you ever think we would find and kill Osama. Not really.Now pull his pants down and get that goat over here Im posting this on FB
Carlos Marmoul just blew a 3 run lead in 9th
RT Top 12 Social Media Insights for #Nonprofit Orgs in 2012 [Good stuff] by
I freakin love it! When I get back home in Gone read it!
I remember when Herman Cain was the only Republican talking about sex.
Thanks to Otwell Elementary for a great visit this morning. I really enjoyed recording a holiday message for our troops with the students.
The Broncos should sign every free agent tight end
I don't think so! Hope not, anyway :) Otherwise, it sounds like you've had a lovely AM - at least your coffee was perfect!
how late is ki open on sunday
Are they better than pop tarts?
don't forget to take full advantage of Horrock's free samples. I remember when that place was little more than a produce stand.
CONGRATULATIONS to you, Alison & Veda on the arrival of Owen Flynn.
It's a day! First Men In Black and now Independence Day :)
Kevin Johns, head of EGRSO says 7-year term stated in document
Sun goes down. Drinks go up.
i was actually thinking of writing subway and telling them it's really in poor taste to continue to use his image in their ads
#supportlocalmusic Live with some random tracks. Stop by.
#NeverShouldYouEver talk bout fighting me den 5min. try to be all in my face as my buddy again -_-
no invite... bitch!
Ugh. So not feeling well today. Stomach stop revolting against my body. I didn't mean to upset you!! D:
thanks for putting together a great spread and a great event!
Will Alley's materials from today on STEM slide design be posted anywhere?
Check out SoundGarage Pro from the android market.Stream and download tracks to ur Droids!
Spring Forward, more daylight!
DM me and I'll email you the PDF
Hey can you follow us back so we can DM you please? Thanks!
A good one to implement might be
I actually really like writing in Evernote with the Bluetooth keyboard..
Sometimes the best move is a bold one...I love it when an executive requests an emailing explaing why I am worth a damn
can't wait for chapter 30 :)
I demand Brandon Jacob close ups during every #Cowboys touchdown.
One colleague said "I won't put my PowerPoints online. Sts might look at them in advance!"
We are not makers of history. We are made by history
MAN. Did I speak too soon. Leonard Garcia is one crazy mofo.
Tomorrow. First day of trout fishing. AND MY DAD WOULDN'T TAKE ME TO CAMP!! Everybody else if going..but me
would like to have our meeting...whats your schedule?
I waved to you when u were landing at LAS - did u see me Vegas visitor? ;)
Gainesville this weekend
plane in Millersburg makes a hard landing Linn County Sheriff's on the scene
yup!! keep voting until the last second!! :D
Sam Kass on Compass: phenomenal report and phenomenal work.
The word "irritated" makes me so angry lol
haha boo, burn that hashtag! you aren't old till you're powder in a jar! feels good to be out but I'm doing summer classes on Sun.
Follow back please?(: It would mean a lot to me!!(:
you are welcome!
-- yes, I'd include Smalltalk and Scheme, w/ch were "siliconized" a couple decades ago, but good candidates today too.
I saw the rainbows today too. Absolutely gorgeous!
Barrett did not lose his Congressional seat, he stepped down after redistricting as to not primary Jerry Kleczka
Fuck you blue, i love you <3
is leaving OpTic why?
They say things happen in 3's so after dumb ass moves by Rajon Rondo & Amar'e S., who do you have next being an idiot in the playoffs?
An average" bird feeder yard is visited on a regular basis by 15-20 bird species. (We're probably double that. You?)"
And they definitely need some space to run!
#followme and ill follow you !!!! :)
Blushing! TYVM! RT RT Isn't just wonderful? An inspiration to say the least! > Most definitely!
You always carry headshots with you to all of your auditions, right? Tell me you do. Right!
I threw my phone at the ground and it Bounced & hit the wall. I think it broke.
#Ibiza Saturday 21+ FREE ALL NIGHT! YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE (on left of the club) w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
NO OMG. LUCKY! I WAS GONNA BUT THE MEET AND GREET THINGY BUT I HAD NO ONE TO GO WITH </3
I'm just about there -amber
Cubicle nail-clipping! Yuck! RT : Heavy perfume and scented candles never ok ... rude office behavior that drives you nutty?
Welcome my New followers Thanks for the follow i just Follow back everyone!!!!1
don't be wishy washy. which would you prefer?
I know, Welcome to Florida
s/o to hamilton seniors had lil swagg last nite CLASS
you could always go lesbian becuase that is me ina nut shell
I'm in SF this weekend! Then back to Seattle. Happy
So I thought I didn't want to go to lolla BUT I'm looking at the list again and I WANT to go!!
huh ! ...and i didnt get an invitation... !! rt Jack Daniels on a Sunday night it'd be rude not to
party at the moment .. Traffic was horrible!!
"Bridge Burning" by is so friggin' good! Can't wait to see them in New Orleans for JazzFest!
Ppl in Boston are so f'n rude!!! They all need some ettiquette training esp. the staff at H&M
why shouldn't libraries be involved in e-gov? information has changed and where you go to get info is different now. deal with it.
lol in just decided to say hey cuz ur were like tweet me
How much deeper would the ocean be if sponges didn't grow in it?
"Train, don't strain" A Lydiard
what is your new job and how can I also get it? That sounds like my kind of lifestyle.
He'll follow you one day. isn't much of a fan follower.
Finally boarding my flight from Minneapolis to Wichita!!! A trip that was well worth it!!! Next stop SHOCKER NATION!!
Hi Wendy! Congrats on winning the ipad! You really pulled the lead!
We have a 4 top open right now, come on by!
Yep, no reddit or wikipedia. What am I supposed to do with my workday? =)
Enjoy Little 5 everyone! Wish I could be there with ya.
Doing some script work before the big audition.
thanks <3 but my cousin whos like my bestest friend ! might talk her parents into wanting to ove there too but she dont want to
thankyou - u honor us greatly
omg ! That sucks :/ on break to ! Feel better soon !
If your keeping score... Lavo Brunch 1 million points Dennys ZERO.
Really enjoying the panel "Marketing the Arts to Death" - messages have to change to create results!!!
Nearly 50% of Xbox LIVE members in the U.S. login to Xbox LIVE Marketplace every time they turn on their Xbox.
Wow what a badass ! (Or as my sons would say, BEAST)
Gosh, i love him <3
True, Dai, most gallery walls R white, it's just that image, Mainly the article is addressing hanging details.
I had a blast planting some "renegade" crops at Stoney Creek Farms today in honor of and -
Not sure I understand why the nerds hate the ending to #masseffect3, more completeness would be nice, but it suits the series
I just know I read somewhere that Bailey's over crushed ice is recovery beverage for hardcore swimming. Where did I put that article?
Fear blocks change
i could use one at the moment.
HSDKJHFKSDFHKSDFH HJKSDHFKJS YOU BETTER TELL ME EVERYTHING. YOU GUYS ARE SO CUTE. I LOVE YOU. YAYYYY <333
Not posted yet. Someone blow up my DM if they see it before I do.
Holy crap. This is total crap!
Groundhog Day is coming. Am I the only one who still chuckles whenever they say "Gobbler's Knob?"
Yeah, they look a bit like they're made for a wedding gown; but, very pretty...
this is amazing :D
Stank breath people should be allowed to start their laugh with any letter outside of the letter "H"
and mr bean is in it
Ya'll wanna know something? I'm ashy as hell right now.
Give reality a rest.
a long time ago!! Don't come at my gur!
No. The heart of the mother that is crying the loudest. If our men are being extinguished, then so are we. Their story is ours.
Borders closing = now 1 bookstore only on all of Maui. *gulp*
Haven't been in the school building for 2 minutes and i'm ready to go home.....
are you not coming??
gigs are comming thanks to peeps like you:) be a fan@ Be part of this original vibe!Expierence my guitar:Blues/rock,
yea i keep bein told.i didnt think yall would. i miss yall so much i havent laughed the same without yall lol
Who's helping out at Big Sunday Weekend this weekend? I'm about to get mine on! #BigSundayWeekend!
of course it is unless you are running to the donut shop
TA block is really boring when your TA partner falls asleep <<<<
Finally ate at ! The garlic fried rice was bomb.
reading about anticipatory systems
Choreographing 'Up All Night' for concert 1 week earlier
when is this going down?
I am the most selfish person that I know. That's my chair, that's my title. Mine, mine, mine! Don't like it then get your own. This is mine.
Cool! hit 3M followers! I'll settle for 1K! Do it for me & :-)
Andrew fill the whole in my heart!
If Old Dominion isn't ready to jump up to Conference USA, will they stick w/ 13 teams or would Idaho or New Mexico State have a shot at #14?
Stuffed after an amazing nye dinner of surf n' turf with my hubby. Happy 2011 everyone! Wishing health and happiness!
starting new life but ur rite no place like NC.
Oh maybe there will some ;D
love arsenio and Adam.
Thats pretty amazing ;D
Nice view!
RT : Part 2 by BuildingMoxie will be out on Friday! The Bonus Round by Mr. HammerTime. < ha!
The squinted eyes mean "everything will be ok."
First fullback Brett Ellison of USC gets selected at 128. Many had UW's Bradie Ewing as top FB in draft, but he's still on the board.
Mobility = Having access to applications whenever, and from wherever it makes sense.
I buy boxers but, balls won't fit.
Um hum " My question is how to find community when scholars persistently define rigor as snarky combativeness. #nitlesym"
Ask me next year. ha!
Rock! Spring Symphony, right? I've never played it-- how many percussionists does it use?
Recording our next Classnotes podcast episode! This one is on science strategies for teaching English learners.
haha I didn't want you to hit for the cycle again.
Sitting on a couch with my sister, I love her :)
lol 5 am I need an alarm clock to get up. Cause I never get up that early. I'm not that much of an early bird :P
lol dont send me hearts :x
Do you guys want imagines? (: x
In honor of Elgin's activism a candlelight walk in Carson starting from Turmont and Avalon will begin at 8pm
There is a definite possibility of me unfollowing you until exams are over. Sorry in advance.
Thank you Janet! I sure hope that your Friday is going well and that you'll have a very sexy weekend! :-)
josh & kelsey from are gonna be on stickam tonight! 8pm central, that 6pm for all you west coasters ;D be there<333
Happy Phat Tuesday! Just acknowledging all the hungry supporters that OC fair is going on!!!
The #royalwedding has restored by faith in love and loyalty (sigh)...can't wait to attend British watching party after work!
I love hearing "Hi, Chicago!" from the awesome students
Im too salty .
Watching Legend of the Seeker. I miss this show. It would have been so much better if it had been picked up by HBO.
My negro, imagine my reaction.
The Olympic flame has arrived in the UK and David Beckham lit it! Sweet :)
One Direction<3
Both! Lol RT : Did 's account get hacked or has he been drinking heavily
How do I squeeze more hours into the day?
Thank you everyone for the like!!!
you Mike Ditka now? Stop it.
Beat the Bulldogs!
Good morning!
RT? If you can't wait for this Wednesday!:)
Was just told I wasn't real...Oh okay?
"Oliver Twist of Lime" - Edible tales not accepted by Pearson
Wishing one of the stars of our film a very happy birthday!!
I never realized how dirty Romeo & Juliet was.
As usual, I'm rooting for the Cleveland Cavaliers this NBA postseason. #GoCavs!
RT : Architect of Bush Budget says we need to "save the safety net."
Putting up a video update soon for you guys!
As long as you remain the center of your universe, you will always struggle with love. -Tony Evans
LMFAO dude she was REALLY mean today
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got.
looks like you've got some competition!
Heck yes for sure going!
Yesterday was the CSO's music director ,Jean-Marie Zeitouni's birthday!
might as well come up w/ a new motto "stick em up." neoliberalism creates probs it purports 2 solve. econmy will create grtr disparities
Fun stuff! I haven't seen graffiti in our library - they just break chairs, take labels off of books, and turn books spine to shelf.
Radical! Judging by how things are, I'm sure there will be no shortage of topics to investigate.
The NBA becomes part of a Hollywood script in there. Spielberg production.
I'm ready for #Harbringers & #ArcherAndArmstrong . My comic list is not looking so sparse anymore
Anybody who had ever read the book new they were composite characters because its stated upfront.
Of course! U r a very sexy cool #WHOA! babydoll & dont u ever forget it beautiful! XOXO
Happy new year
ATL, need somewhere to throw your next event? Hit us up! Our parent company has just opened up a new space, World Class Events!
yes Pizza is a disappointment there. I do like the bar though.
I wish I could go back to being a kid.. when your only concern was what friends you were going to play with that day.
Just like anything else in life, the opinion
Never throw out your used clothes, shoes, books, etc just donate to Goodwill and help some folks out!
#Santorum: I've held over 1000 town hall meetings across the country. People are concerned with the government expanding
You have officially won my pants. They're wet. Thank you for everything.
Health, Friends and Chicago RT : Q6 #Foodiechats The sun is about to set on our #BeachParty What should we toast to?
We ARE a little short of 1/32 Cherokee Indians.": Candy Says GOP Are 'Conservative White Guys Who..Protect Big oil
Omg I have tennis practice tomorrow morning:O Oh Dear Lord._.
Thanks for the RT! :) How's the NYC travel blogging crew?
Is it too early to talk about Russian Vodka + Caviar? Good, I didn't think so. is where it's at.
View the Bay Area at 1300 feet up, in a ship that is 1 of only 2 in the world. Paul takes off with Airship Ventures, Sat (1/15/11) @ 8:30pm
Reading group (in preparation for Kiri Miller's upcoming event) meets today at 2:30 in FergH 85. Let's talk about video game music!
hello ,haw are you ?
Learning about American Airline's initiative at #hispz12. Cant believe AA has been supporting lgbt since 1994!
Thanks. Keep Making Things Happen as well.
whole9 coming to boston? is that rumor true?
I know the "What Makes You Da One" mashup is great, but please credit if you're going to upload it onto YouTube. He made it.
EBAY is a lot like twitter...you want to win that shit, its like finding out you have a new follower your like, fuck yeah...read my shit
Lazy day
you better be! hahah :)
Things don't always go as planned. That's the beauty of science.
I miss Blockbuster.
How easy for you to now be with someone else... Truth be told... Completely breaks me... What do I do with this?
no that's not true
Rain rain go away...
I just got semi asked out....
One more week till I'm a senior and one step closer to growing up!
Happy Mothers Day!
you're so welcome RT: Thank you so much, you're so sweet <3
The fluttery feeling of getting flowers from someone special officially cancelled.
This is the year of Enterprise and productivity apps! Says 's Tim Chang.
After the night we had 6 months ago, they might!
haha we'll see what we can do. We probably have a full load with us unfortunately
uggh it was sickening tho. I am in 300 over where they took him out. I actually wish I didnt see that live. Hoping for the best!
Hahahaha unsupervised bagel and gogurt fight, yes.
LOVE LOVE LOVE MY HAIR, omg seriously had a panic attack when she was cutting my sidebangs short
Im not lucky Im blessed :-)
I am interested in the Brewers.
Legit methinks.To thine own feed be true. RT legit to follow people and yet tweet not yourself?
What makes a man want to break apart with ease? I think I know. I think I might know.
Just finished working with our web designers to add the finishing touches to our new website. Launch date June 1.
It certainly worked on me. And I only took one!
That should, of course, be 'Fifth Discipline.'
Dear god i cannot climb up three flights of stairs without feeling like i'm gunna pass out and I've been doing this all year
"Competition doesn't always come to meet you where you are comfortable" Wise words Cee Lo
Where ever there is a will there is a Way!
What's up world? Somebody get at me
MT : Thanks for your support! We're here to serve you!; Wishing all of our wonderful librarians a Happy National Library Week!
on our platform content ownership is 2 ways, either copyright to the brand or license to the brand, we put this in the briefs
From a couple of ghosts to the man who knew wild things like no one else: thanks for everything Maurice Sendak
The Edgerton Branch will be closed April 9 - 15 for renovations.
if another brawl starts up in Detroit, at least there's no crowd for it to spill into..
hahaha! Yes we did! Thank you!
My work computer just died on me!
OMG, I was thinking the same thing a few hours ago! Must just be something with being at the State Fairgrounds. :D
Every day, in every way, I am getting better and better.
I bet its not as fun..
In life, there are some people you are going to have to lose in order to find yourself...
De Mortuis Nil Nisi Bonum => Of the dead say nothing but good
Booh, can't get it to load
That's a good at bat.
I'm talking about the #thecloud with the family! Oh how far we've come.
Today is Cascade Sports Car Club's Doernbecher Dash come on out and see some great racing and even get in on the benefit silent auction.
#TaylorMade RT Might spend my sunday on the golf course
ESPN News - SS Barry Larkin elected to Baseball Hall of Fame; 12-time All-Star with Reds, .295 BA, 3 Gold Gloves Go Reds!
Unsurprisingy, the only overt shit I noticed was every Jewish male stereotype ever. But one of the writers is a storied racist.
RT Thoughts become words. Words become actions. Actions become habits. Habits become character. And character becomes destiny.
awww I miss u guys too! & yessir sounds good to me. I'm always down :)
"Now that the Sun hath veil'd his Light, And bid the World good Night; To the soft Bed, my Body I dispose, But where shall my Soul repose?"
I'm truly enjoying the newsletter. Subscribed after the article & now I'm hooked. Thank you.
Nobody likes you when you're 23...right ?
Art Show Tonight ( :
YOU KNOW IT C;
I've been busy getting (back) into school and stuff but, I want to start tweeting more haha anywho, start a convo wiff meh. I ish bored
Let's trend #summerwontbeabummer! Help me!
The Brewers are the new Cubs.
Who wants a new champion this year? So long Jimmie
Just when I thought everything was getting better and I would be happy again.....nope right back to the way I was before.
how was Murphy's final?>_<
that reminds me of FDR's "there is nothing to fear but fear itself".
yes. Thank u!
our words will not change/if we persist to believe in them
Why is it that I get so sleepy right around this time that I can't keep my eyes open. I want nothing more than to sleep.
RT : Help us out, what makes you take a chance on a new author/book?
hey lady
It's May 1st! It's count down time!
wait...bbq or bong?
Only a quarter?
only 3 more people till i get to 200 followers so people please follow me
if the two of them were to combine...i want to be dressed in it at my funeral.
o yea lol
Thanks for the follow Jamie!
Cory Booker literally saved a woman from a fire. Vince Gray, its time to step your game up.
Note to self: don't wear flip flops in a hail storm ... Ouch my toes!
yep never dull moment here w/the monkey jackin lol but maint was in my newer apt today. ya! good sigh for 6/1 move.
CALL 619.224.3254 and get 30% off of a Harbor View Room when you mention this tweet for stays Tonight through Thursday! CALL now!
us too:)
#Drew this is my 2nd tweet. Keep singing. You can do it. & I will buy your albums & go to your concerts. You're amazing. <3
If you feelin like a pimp gone brush your shoulders off
Happy to help!
By the way it's my birthday, but the people that are following me already know that.
This new twitter is much better :]
It seems like #blago is giving a victory speech. What a joke.
If you say "doe" please dont talk to me
I did..and I drew batman on them! Your jealous I know
glad to see the zombie back in action!!
lol! I'll send you another one in the mail!
We love out here in !!!
when your really #notguilty but no one believes you.
I love making new Friends
Tomorrow i have sound check at 11:30am for my performance at The gypsy fest at 3PM, Then i perform again baba budans later that night. :-)
the box was the best hahahhaha. i still need someone to work thursday for me :/ ugh
I have one.
The mission of Teens Coaching Teens is to help the shape the future leaders of today into massively productive successors of tomorrow!
just saw Gilad Shalit, and Mofaz a few minutes earlier
Im currently designing Inverse Intellect's NEW Mixtape Cover w/
I'm working on 3 hours of sleep and I'm not the least bit tired!
anything by mayday parade makes me want to cry. oh speak of the devil "when you see my friends" just came on. -_-
stuck at the car place for another hour or so. blehh i'm hungry.
T4: Nursing informatics is growing, esp with all the data apps produce, and CNIOs are also growing in
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Place To Dance - Lotus Nightclub!!
if you jump, I jump <3
i wish you would follow me!!
Great seeing and today! Sometimes I wish I were part of the 2nd year cohort...
lol even ur mom had thr Boys Will Be Boyz shirt or was it ur dad
too much thinking probably.
Probably not going to get sleep tonight. There's a 100% chance that ill hate everyone and everything tomorrow morning. LET'S DO THIS.
Your presentation previews look super great! I would totally go to your talks!
Their worst fear should be how long he keeps that mustache RT : Rangers' worst fear on Holland beginning to take shape
Ugh? Are you upset you need to sign up?
$1 off all draft & cask ales & lagers today. Serious beer for fun people.
Is moving in to Ballston next week!
We're investigating! What's your site subdomain?
which song??
Vampires VS Zombies. I choose vampires... cause they are charming sometimes, not like zombies. They are ugly... What do you think,
I AM SO HUNGRY
$7. Haircut. Don't mind if I do.
Are you now deleting tweets, Hoenisch?
U>S>A> Shout Out Maughan
dreamt about N.Gingrich last night. i was wife 17. Me and my sister-wives were occupying the White House. thanks a lot !
It's cool! Did you get your new phone yet?
Oh, she's protective - a good quality!
Friends We Love Premiere at The Brooklyn Museum Of Art on October 2, 2010...
BREAKING NOW -- #911 call released from the March 31 murder of Mainstreet Grill manager in
OH : killed my battery in 3 hours. it needs to be smarter.
My phone be blowing me
Im way too tired this morning
I want an DVD!! Let's make it happen !!
love your new profile picture.
oh, okay! lets go see after school then :)
I'll take anything you want to sell for main. I'm cool either way.
Trying to come up with an unexpected, original gift for my wife that I can buy online!
The president of CSU just made a funny about how terrible the parking is here!
Yep! Finishing up soon I hope.
Just like , time to #CmdW + get back to it! This shot list isn't going to make itself. (Thanks for nothing, 21st century.)
Back in Columbus... putting in some work.... I'm trying to perfect my creativity using art and design
meet your future wife . get onn that harry!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Yahoo Sports reporting Blazers have fired Head Coach Nate McMillan. Nothing official from team as of now
Great find! :)
Everybody bitchin about the game lol chill.
and hosted an awesome party for Journey last night. Thanks y'all and congrats
From most managers it probably wouldn't, but I feel like Roenicke is usually more even-keeled than this.
Lack of communication can be the demise of relationships... (business, personal, etc)
My 400th tweet! I better think of something good to say!
: Shoot me a text a few times during the day just to tell me that u missin me
Wat type of shit is that...
It's margarita time TONIGHT at 6 pm at , 1421 University Ave. $20 gets full taco bar, margarita & sodas. All journos welcome!
Salsa Saves Lives: Enjoy free food samples and water while you spend time with the pets. Saturday, May 5th, 10am-2pm.
Discrepancy between what librarian thinks user wants and what the user actually wants.
Lovin the new options I tasted at Taylor St. today, is Milwaukee ready for the "Angry Louie"!?!
Today is the day! The winner of #SpaceRace will be announced later this morning by the one and only Buzz Aldrin!
and also just wanted to say praying yall have a safe and great rest of the tour!god bless man!cyall at cstone!
Get rid of that one follower that shouldnt be in your list of followers..............RIGHT NOW!
i still love you
Christian leaders w/ good hearts 4 God are psychologically & socially persecuted by people who project their church resentments @ them.
2 very awesome bands!
oops thought Wangle a positive. Just wanted 2 keep getting wrd out about 100th year gala 4
LOL @ these poor lookin teenagers who say their #FavoriteClothingBrand is Louis Vuitton. We all know your shit is fake.
My fangs are dripping tiger blood.
#cfaleadercast It's either in what you do every day, or it's dead. Marcus Buckingham.
Giving someone else #equalrights does not infringe or take away your rights. It just makes it illegal to enforce your prejudice and hate.
Tim Tebow being listed in the top 100 NFL players is absolutely ridiculous.
Sorry but im too poor to be taking a plane anywhere.
LOFL what a puss
Consider it sprung!
is amazing! cant stop listening to her song "Want U Back" !
Snow on the ground in Portland!
Do you believe your thoughts? Why?
Amen me 2 RT": MORNING PPL TODAY WILL B A GOOD DAY IM CLAIM IT IN THA NAME OF JESUS"
RT - I'm supporting the tech tonight for the Miami Dolphins.
If I had the last name of furbush I'd spend the 300 dollars and legally change it. Can you imagine all the pun intended jokes?
We place money around the city ( cards worth money)
Haha Pat Sajak admits to hosting wheel of fortune drunk.
Putting on some sweats and calling it a day.
Really wishing I could stop & participate in #lrnchat but have to focus and finish today. See you all in the transcripts!
Video essential ingredients: 1.intro 2. content 3 call-to-action
I hope to see you compete in the octagon. Hope all is well with you.
Ball Game!!!!!!! Tribe rolls on with 6-3 win over the defending A.L. Champs
So start paying better wages.
It was cool on the town , my city (Memphis) got some of the baddest females.
I just spent the last hour watching on Ustream and shes right about #TM we should be a TEAM
First Thunderstorm of the season!!! So beautiful
I like that!! That's the best way to do it lol.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked : " do you have a bathroom? " no bitch I shit outside -.-
be up there n 20 mins n ya I do too but u gotta have long money lbvs
Never, never, never give up!
Thanks for the #FF!
Picked up an inordinate number of times & carried him an inordinate distance yesterday. #soreback #sorearms cc
I don't care who wins tonight or the giants. Just please no injuries! Everyone stay healthy. Go
Excited to see Lee Konitz play with the LaGuardia high school kids
oh yeah :D
You will have that feeling with every guy you get with. Its an amazing feeling. Just wait for the next guy. He will come soon
You know the first piece of Titanic to be discovered was? A Boiler! Boiler up!
lol my questions
Remember when everybody drools over LeBron all year as he wins the #MVP. Then he never shows up in the playoffs
tweet tweet tweet! I LOVE twitter er ee do doo doo see you at the SMODCASTLE!
it won't be the same!
All them trade schools like everest and shit be sellin straight wolf tickets..
It's that time of the day, come by and for the rest of the day, grab a free coffee drink of your choice! Say "Greg" at the register!
she just wants to hear it from you more
anyone wana hit the mall up with me ?
If you can't spell it's probably a good thing you're in there RT "Stiudy hall"
I'm a young, hip teenager. May I do that?
we'll be there!
I officially graduate high school in 5 days! :D
Come and feel the Monday blues go away with a ZUZU grilled chicken or Mahi Mahi salad.
The funniest thing just happened! My dad rode the barn stormer! Haha!
We are at Catalina Bar & Grill watching Kenny Burrell with very fun friends.
Thank you for your support!
My Klout score is holding at 61. They say I'm influential about Greece. Hm... where did they get that from? I do like mediterranean food.
Your tweets are annoying, I unfollow. If I unfollow, don't ask for a followback. The point of twitter is to view ENJOYABLE tweets.
Adele's wings were crack
love to discuss the future of PLE in schools in Japan. Can we skype? Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
Well. I'll say this. I wouldn't come to Detroit expecting to fit into the community, so much as build the community!
tony Montana
School is the last thing on my mind lbvs
hey there
Researching about best design pattern to keep data sync'd b/w iphone core data and server side db.
Valuable companies aren't the 1st or 2nd movers. They are the last -- most success is captured after many decades
Truth. I always win.
Thanks! New and improved version coming next spring :)
The yearbook staff did a really nice job with this year's yearbook!
#WaysToGetWomenMad callin out the b word
things are really stale for Netflix Instant. Terrible selection overall
Mowing lawns in the cemetery. Getting ready for Memorial Day. I'm too old to be doing this.
i want to tweet photos at the #PODHBCU conference next month - do i need to open a yfrog account in order to be able to do that?
Why the senister picture of Tiger on Vanity Fair cover? Looks criminalish What's up w/that?
can,t really pin point it just certain things
What's the biggest relationship deal breaker?
she looks delicious.
She said I act like I don't give a shit I told her its ckuse I don't give a shit lol
me too. lol
Terrible gas leak or something at Lenfante Plaza. Everyone sick, coughing, and tearing.
"you didn't have to cut me out!!!" tonight thats all I will yell at you
G'nite Kathy....have a wonderful week!
Ugh. It's been a frustrating season so far. Hope they can get things turned around!
Wearing a red panda kigurumi and doing the cooking dance to stand up look sharp
Oh I love that it gave you a bit of joy. I love you even more now.
When your last task is complete and you then step to the challenge
A cold in the middle of May is just not right
To compensate for payroll shortfalls, districts ask students to give teachers more apples.
congratulations bender!! You're the millionth person to say that the Bearcats are classless! You win!
yup he hates me
Crying is my best friend :P
Back to CALI
Rewatched TGE, hashtag popped in my head: #recastwithglennkenny. Though of Gen. Buck from STRANGELOVE and Hank from TOUCH OF EVIL.
Do Mike&Mike even listen to his replies? How about a follow up question: "hey what about Kentucky?"
new teen mom :)
I want tot see a sack on Favre and I want to see it HURT him!
Thank U
agreed. His illness did it though. Not Overeem.
Good Morning All!! Did you hear there is going to be "Black Ice" in ATL tommorrow? Check your tires tweeps and don't speed on the patch
Everyone watch out for CANDACE BROWN, DANNIE BOSTON & ANDYE J teaching at GROOVE's 5year anniversary! DETAILS COMING SUNDAY! RT!
tonite!!!!!! Hope Madtown is ready for the hype shit!!!!
When your in her I know I'm in your head ;-)
Indiana btr get it 2gthr. If they blow another lead I'm gonna be PISSED
It's going to be busy in Denver this weekend! Anyone planning on attending anything?
Party? Celebration? Night out in town? We have $100 bottles of Grey Goose tomorrow for ! Book it through us to get the deal!
Are you a grinder? SHdc is Beta testing our site. Sign up and connect and share your stories with other grinders! A bad beat? Share it!
I feel like every Penguin fan respects the Devils. They're a rival, but they're a RESPECTED rival. Classy, classy team.
you know it!!
On a serious hunt for white acrylic paint.
That's nice and early! My finals are next week with grades due the week after that. Getting closer.
Don't try, just get me my pizza puff. Lmao
I keep getting calls from random states
Wrigleyville on opening day: the only place where being drunk at 5 pm is not only accepted, its the norm.
Listening to club music keeps me awake.
Writing a poem
Happy Thanksgiving Tweeps, time for football, Leggo Lions
Today is about #yoga :)
Yes, it does.
this cannot be accurate.
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love! ~ Hamilton Wright Mabie
While you're enjoying a (hopefully) relaxing Friday, we're busy playing with daggers. Wait until you see this fight scene!
Yeah, Casey has been amazing since day 1. My #sisterWife calls him "Her Lumberjack"
Don't you just love it when your own family members fuck you over.
Just drove pass a nigga cuttin grass at midnight....lmao
only on a phone or other sort of mobile device though?
one thing to consider. Though Brazil is also a large country 8 to 9 teams are in SP and Rio. Only an 8 hr drive by bus
If guys had periods, They'd brag about the size of their tampons..--
Consolidating Twitter accounts... Follow
The hyrax can do anything. They are amazing.
Good morning guys
When was the last time you tried something new?
If I have online 'haters' does this mean I have achieved a certain level of success? Or just that I 'suck'?
Just saw a NISMO sticker on a RX-8. Seriously!? I know 90% of u won't know what I am even talking about, but the owner is a moron.
What's up #midtown?!? Follow #TheLittleBlackTruck at Shady Lady from now until the wheels fall off!!!
Awkward.. Didn't know what to say to that.
Damn CP3 ftw
happy birthday
how can i get work or school to pay for me to go to the festival?
why did you call me at 3:11 when i was passed out? lol
and the Amish. so, you know, there are trade-offs. ;)
Working..slow today...need to rage tonight!
MIND OVA MATTER
We r hosting a broker event in Anaheim today from 10:30am - 12:30pm at 561 Melrose 4 our www.livecolonypark.com homes! Come by!
you totally should have won last night!!! Great job this season girl!
i find my paradise when you look me in the eyes.
Did anyone else feel that earthquake this morning in the LA area?
#foreveralone RT : Bo my brothers are asleep already. Now wth do i do! D:
Staying focused and on task is a lot more challenging than it seems. But when seeing how much gets accomplished quicker...lesson is learned!
Lovely use of fabrics in the sitting room and bedroom.
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt Interior 73
At the Standard Hotel at pool side!!
Light skin vs Dark skin thing is the stupidest shit around like wtf either way ur still black smh I hate that black ppl don't stick together
is getting ready for soccer practice!
It happens! But ill let my mom know!
Thank you my hero <3 plus I know you can kill him
oh Lawd! I will let my sister know. Haha can't wait though
I compared card sort tools, decided they'r inadequate & went w/ SAS in house. I like my stats precise
The couples dancing are drunk...so it dosent look like salsa no more just old ppl falling.and trying to get back up...soo fuckin FUNNY!!!
Comparing tebow to Cunningham, ArchieManning and Tarkenton - ok, none won any SBs, so I see your point there Phil.
Seriously?, white males can wear hoodies but blacks can't?
My heels are to die for. Brb gonna go die
Watching "Waiting for Superman" documentary about #Education here in the U.S. Watch if you care about our kids' future.
BI's Jill Krasny and her buddy, Zac Bissonnette are intent on discrediting Richard Lustig. Richard Lustig has been on TV talking lotteries.
Follow Lil Twist
nothing better than dirty dancing *.*
Gee I been takein my hair dwn since ten this mornin
Your Danny Ainge.. What do you do with this year's team?
nice you're going to his hard rock show in Orlando too?
follow back?
My bracket is toast, time to sit back and enjoy the rest of the games!
That's dope, great style
RT : Happy Birthday!!! >Thank YOU sweetie!!! Can't wait to see Pics from Bday party tomorrow:)
Forgot onions! Went to 2 neighbors 2 borrow & came home w/ not only onions but mug of hot cocoa from 1 & a bowl of homemade soup from other
what?? Never had an elephant ear b4??? They the effin shitnit!
I'm so very sorry Junior Seau couldn't find the strength and the help needed to not make so horrible a decision to kill himself.
you came up huge this week helping us all out. Good looking out!
I couldn't sleep but soon as 6:30 hit I was gone -_- hate that shit
This week: 2 meetings with potential agents, 2 auditions, 1 shoot, 1 seminar, 1 class, 1 voice reel session - hello 2012!
Had a great workshop this afternoon!
Thanks! VERY fun and totally (and kind of surprisingly) empowering.
it's all of the banana peppers!! Banana peppers is the most recognizable and appreciated scent in the the world
I know this comes off lesbian-ish but DAMN Nicolette, you got some knockers!
gotcha. I was gonna ask about that next. That's where I was gonna go originally.
#dhtrial everyone now guessing "who is the man with the round tortoiseshell glasses?" Always with nic
Saints are about to lose both Colston and Meachem. Not a PR move
Wow the song "the trip" was a really good song keep up the great work guys :)
trust me, it's better that way.
that amazing feeling when you lay down on your bed after a stressful day >>>
gonna try and roll by!
Former Los Angeles Times editor Russ Stanton named VP/content at KPCC public radio station. thx
walk to remember
I'm clean and dope like heroine soap.
Busy day. Had work, now getting my nails done, meeting with my mentee, (is that what i would call her? Haha) women's Bible study, class.
Who's going home tonight on DWTS? ~ jesse
No we don't have the caravan day. I really haven't heard of an office here that does. Our MLS will tell whats new in office.
Trivia tonight (7:30) Practice Question: What is a bass xylophone called? No Cheating
I'm about to get my Chevy rolling. I just need to put on a master cylinder and hopefully I'll make it to shows/cruise-ins this week.
Bob Lyons will be reading/signing On Any Given Sunday Thursday, July 1 @ 7:00PM @ Atlantic Books, 8th St. & the Boardwalk in Ocean City, NJ.
RT : People in the South really are friendlier. So annoying.
That was pretty amazing. Super low, too.
At the Gourmet Diner in N. Miami sipping Sauvignon Blanc and thinking about my order. Tonight's souffle: zucchini.
Let me know if you want to take a look at it!!!!
There goes johanser being slick & correcting me
Trying to cut back on sports tweets, but why can Manning and Tebow not play together? Manning is sensei and Tebow grasshopper
Welp, I might be moving back to the good ole state of Arizona. We'll see what happens in the coming days.
ah it was amazing. perfect weather!
Are you airing the Vernazza / CinqueTerre story today? Glad someone is finally covering it! Sad news for a place so many of us love.
oh, that's in switzerland.. 's home territory. Gorgeous riding though.
damn mom its your day, you pick what we doin.......
Mall in Tuscaloosa! Wish would stop short talking me!!
Thx! RT Congrats to for # 1 thai restaurant in Indy. You all rock my socks off!
#OH is a fantastic aviation state! #aviation,
haha. i'm sure erinand would be very surprised to hear that she won an award!
Had a ton of fun at 's ZUMBA class this morning! An hour of dance exercise/learning moves for the club? YES. :]] Shower + Homework
Easter Weekend....I think we all need a break
Mama ain't raise no fool..
UCLA student and President of UCLA's Youth for Ron Paul chapter, Tyler Koteskey, at the podium introducing Paul
Night everyone! (:
so sorry. I received it the week I was totally stuck in bed sick. So thank you, wonderful friend! So excited.
I want a 20 runs for Yankees nd whip these REDSUX
maybe within the last 6 months.
If your not FUNNY...I will not tolerate you!.
I was just thinking to myself, this subway station really smells like poop. Then I looked down. Yep,right on the tracks.
loll in colorado we golf in january (but golf sux ass) and ski in july (:
how so?
RT I rather be a dork than a dumbass
She lived an extraordinary life and I'm sure she misses you. You got to know her due to your persistence in making the film.
UPDATE 3-PJM secures capacity at base price of $136 per MW
when are u going to learn?!!!
All that I know is I'm breathing.
u do it every day jkay
oh geez haha ..... Hope my parents don't see this ;p haha
you don't understand we have been est since 2009 and we are COPYRIGHTED. Google Splurge Gang type Splurge Gang on youtube!
Clay St Denver TCC flavors of the month are...Caramel Spy & Summer Knockout! 100% of the proceeds benefits TCC Kids!
25% off codes going out to those who RT this. Codes will be DMed to you and are only good till tomorrow night.
Just watched the time traveler's wife! I always cry <3 RAS
yup so let all 3 of your lil girly roommates know lol
Congratulations to you both.
i would buy you an extra box;), but we dont have girl scout cookies in england:(
At work bored...ready to get drunk tonight
When was the last time a team had under 100 yards total offense, yet wins by three touchdowns? FSU over the Gators
if I remember correctly, its more EIT than glass passenger. probably remembers better.
E-Portfolios: Have to also consider the next step. Not just what you have done, but where would you like to go?
My friend apparently met Zooey's evil doppelganger in a NYC beer bar last week. Apropos of nothing, really.
"This is King Fisher's road. Take the other one."
Thanks Mario! Will keep you posted on status of current transaction, and will follow up on new opportunities.
If you're trying to estimate your fee you can use a good faith estimate and alert them with the assumption, says Ilene H. Ferenczy
HE'S SO FUCKING HOT sorry I got excited but yea
How Will I Know When It's Loaf?
aww thanks jessalyn! where's my peppermint tea?!
I can't sleeeeeeeepppppp Did you pass off your insomnia?
Thanks for commenting on the #UMBCsocial blog. We're excited to get the ball rolling on this conversation.
Round 2 ,Easter egg hunt,adult prizes.Sounds by ComputerFam. Easter Bunny Appearence,come take shot with him. RSVP 5032587335 -NPDX Ent
that looks like a great festival!
WOOHOO. I hope everyone realizes this is just a casual dinner thingy. Nothing extravagant lol
To whoever wrote "honk 4 cats" on my rear window: thank you. I can't look in my rear view without laughing. BTW only 1 honk.
Remember #SmallBusiness owners! Want a chance 2 win $50,000 in TV advertising? #Staples wants 2 give u a boost!
I want some.coffee
It's not how you shake it, it's WHERE you shake it. Don't stop bouncin!
Thanks for your compliment. We would love for you to take a look at the videos of the kids test-driving it on our website.
I've had a headache on and off for the last week. I wonder if I'd miss it if I just got rid of the damned thing...
Thanks. Its at Copper Kettle Brewing Co in Greenfield. Still part-time as Im till in school full-time.
New fiction from and art from Jim Fuess! Lots more to come in #translitmag issue 4, transport. Keep those #submissions coming!
oh! Good News, Good News! Will be sharing soon! STAY TUNED!
not much, lets skype
Well that's enough work for one day, I'm out. Looking forward to some following and followers tonight if the wife don't piss me off too much
I dreamt I had a dog. Who was a lady. No, not a dog-lady, a lady-lady. Then we went on a boat.
Even people notice, but you don't. .
Thank you! It was a great event!
IT'S TIME TO TALK ABOUT HOW MR. POTATOHEAD CAN EXPRESS MORE EMOTION THAN KRISTIN STEWART
Setting up pricegrabber feeds like it was my job. Oh wait... it is my job-- well part of my job.
Thanks for the tweetin' love Austin!!!
Gregg has a new Twitter profile...from our FAV movie...check out
tweet me if you wanna co-own i am looking for 3 co-owners
best feeling in the world!!
A mosquito will fly MILES for a good meal like mosquito-magnet-me. One stalked me inside my toilet. Can't bring myself to discuss much more.
Things aren't much wilder now, I don't think, than they were back then.
Teasing your hair= teasing it until you no longer can use a brush u will need a rake
Sleepy time.
Gonna be a loud music day. Dealing w/a "my expectations are obviously not your expectations" matter concerning metadata and workflows.
I love the visually contrasting colors (hair, clothes, etc) used between Emma and the queen.
It's me thank you lol
I will be watching scandal tomorrow on hulu the Tweets tonight got me super excited.
I <3 John Wayne
Graduating May 2011? Today is the deadline to be included in the commencement prgm. Use the student ctr to declare your intent to graduate!
be careful sir and play nice tonight, for it waits for you to mess up, goodnight if you fight right, so just sleep tight! (-_-)
Come to our first Gallery Night event on April 20th for your chance to win 2 tickets to the Harley-Davidson Museum courtesy of
Yes sir saw you make that point. What puzzled me re: Arianna was that the racist images were all over the huffington post!
Name Bubbles Launches Write On! Labels
Just chatted with a mother and her son in N Seattle, they just got into transitional housing!
50% douche parade, 50% smokin' hot hair gel models (ok fine, 100% douches)
Thanks for spread the word. Give EggDrop a try and let us know your feedback.
She is a straight clucker
Amy please follow me I'm ur biggest fan
Which layer of hell is this
When May 33rd comes, i'll start giving a fuck :)
Can we say Cardinals suck!!! Thank God I'm a Jets Fan
My hair is too short to have a bad hair day...or at least that's what I thought. If I don't do it as soon as I shower, it looks awful.
Congrats to Anastasia Gentilcore, who won our drawing to Carols & Cocktails on 12/21 at last night's Young Patrons HH. More info to come!
are you still dieting ?!
Good choice! RT : Enjoying a sausage and roasted red pepper slice Oh, and some chili peanut wings as well.
sounds totally awesome!
sounds like character on Sesame Street.
Its cool outside (in Florida), I've got delicious sushi reminding me of Tokyo, and I'm reading Jenkins on global christianity
Jael De Pardo omg i'm in love you
Meet others who enjoy a fit lifestyle at freesweat.com
You may not be the one but you the one that I desire
It's raining outside. Good night to #gobowling. You won't miss #bedlam as we will have the game on the big screens. Who's going to win?
how's it going?!
You'll have to go downstairs to find me! I'm suffering from stage fright!
Unfortunately, the auditing world doesn't differentiate between 5:00 on Friday and any other week day. Just getting off work.
Bell: Funders have to change, esp gov't funders, to make it possible.
#Makeup tip: Pressed powder foundations are great for normal to oily skin. If you have more mature or dry skin, try a liquid or cream.
Guys help my bestfriend get to 300 ! It would mean so much <3
162 games of nine innings still not enough? Wow- great drama tonight. If the postseason can be anything like this I'm all in.
Its effin cold at this lake now
Early morning, up an ready to see what's going on in the design world. Hope everyone has a great day!!
Howard says engineer will help find ways to improve parking despite unfinished development.
Disregard my drawing for draw something. Thought the word was "medusa" it's actually "bathtub."
I got two #touchpad (s) supposedly...but I'll believe it it when I see it.
Just got back from ammmms ((: and i miss her already!! Love yu wifeyyyyyyyy !.
Now Romney must go right at the disaster that Obama has been for the country.
Finishing up the final bit of office work for the week before heading off to Jersey for a shoot
jai plays tennis... i play tennis...
It just pisses me off to no end that Dick gets excited like that. WTF.
- thanks for the RTs ladies! Happy Friday. Enjoy Mother's Day weekend!!
ok that's fair.
HELL YEAH!
Why is it so hard for women to find men who are sensitive, caring, and good looking? Because those men already have boyfriends.
Yeah I have no clue why... I get the BEST sleep when its raining... Lol
I think I need to find some real food. ice cream isn't food group. I checked in-depth & all said no :(
If we're not supposed to have late night snacks....why is there a light in the fridge?
I feel like you get a cut whenever you are bored because it's such a cool spot to kick it
NBA Star Gilbert Arenas -- Changed His Mind About His Ex ... and His Lawsuit!
Only device I am prone to forgetting is my bluetooth earpiece and it does not bother me that much since it means more NPR time.
I can't take my eyes off of you. Has anyone ever met someone you couldn't stop looking at?
Bus came :D
entertain yourself by saying "pika" before you sneeze. :)
Congrats on being a best performer on !! I knew you would make it!! Goodluck with everything:)
RT NYU's digital object workflow AT module looks to solve most of our AT/Archivematica integration issues. Nicely done
it will, but what about your hair, Danielle?!? Your hair!! :-)
RT : keep the crazy on the anchor desk! RT : So... and I are in a pretty crazy mood this morning.
Now the hard part...which one? RT : Craving steak, good thing I'm at
what about Netflix?
At #grayrobinson FYE partners' meeting. It's GReat!
damn youre getting old
This damn Bucco offense is starting to piss me off.
Leaving in 1
Wow, I'm sure #BlueJays fans had to hold their breath as Lawrie jumped onto home plate Morales-style...
hence why following sports on twitter is great
Oh my crapppers!! I'm taking the CST test tomorrow!! I'm freakin out in the inside! But in the outside I look chilled out lol
#TypeNickiMinajWithoutLooking Nicki Minaj. This must be an interesting tweet.
Lots of last minute gift ideas for that Easter Basket you are putting together! Open till 7 so stop in! :)
if you're willing to take fashion advice from a librarian, please go back to red for SNL.
take a load off fannie
Little Girl Giant Spectacular - The Final Chapter - puppets for professionals
Off to the dog park. Need to put on the long underwear first. Definitely winter again.
logan looks funny
Dolly Parton and Queen Latifah star in feel good flick, 'Joyful Noise'. Photos of the duo in action here:
1st day of Summer you will b able to download the #WeDoThis Mixtape
True! Come to #Seattle & we'll visit his kitchen. Benefit?! RT : I have (twice!) -- he's delightful.
Im STILL waiting for them to address that
Poor kid was sick the day they handed out project assignments. She got what was left, but she was in great spirits about it.
TX Wes closes regular season with road win in Austin. 24-6 regular season record: Conference tourney this weekend and hopefully nationals
Week 2 of languages at SCE..hope we don't get snowed out..
I'm getting tired...
why does every other girl get a follow back or reply but I get nothing?
i dislike you right now. Why not!?! :(
Hey there - thanks for the follow! We're all about having fun too! Enjoy your day & Drink more coffee! ;-)
shame on her
oh, and I broke down and ordered the travel stick you recommended yesterday :)
Coffee, Fry's, Breakfast
RT : Tagging content should happen when you migrate, the way you would when moving your home, labeling boxes.
EVERYBODY PLEASE STOP WHAT YOUR DOING & GO TO WWW.WORLDSTARHIPHOP.COM & CHECK OUT SPEC FROM PRETTY RICKY & TELL ME WHATS WRONG W/ THT VIDEO!
Looks like another evening of bad officiating
Nez have fun in Jerezzz : - Jersey Bound! to have some fun with my boo boo
Well yeah!
a very sad day for Norway - thoughts and prayers for them!
Yes, but better! Ha!
I wish you would follow me.<3
21+ deserve somewhere NEW to party in DC SATURDAY at TEATRO 1909 K St. NW email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
Any George Clooney sightings yet??
That's not how it really is. in fact, had to pick up 2 shifts on Hot 97 just to attend
So, Camille unfollowed me and followed me? Aw okay.
freak out IN another coworker?
The includes a key focus on serving communities
thank u xoxo
Awesome, Maniac Cop is one of my favorites as well!
what's your blog again? my friend is getting into gardening and she needs some resources.
All I can smell is GiGis cupcakes and I've stuffed my face full of shrimp cocktails thanks to Sullivan's.
We deliver throughout San Diego!
haha! Have I heard of it? Pretty sure there are pics somewhere out there proving I've participated
At the airport :)
I love when old people go back to school and try and dress like they are teenagers again
Getting ready to go watch my sons 1st field day. Got my video and still cameras ready to shoot.
i know! I couldn't believe that! poor thing
$20 million of government waste in #PembrokePines to be turned into vocational school for #Broward residents
profile of the average commenter:
I want one!!
thanks for the tip. Will do!
I knew skynet was real
i wish i could talk with u guys.
2012 film watching! #15. Best Worst Movie ( Stephenson, 2009). Very funny and awkward documentary about the best work movie ever Troll 2.
ps. You mentioned knowing some good people out here in Seattle? (I was the one who relayed hellos from ) :)
. Now that's funny!
"GET YOU BUTT IN REHEARSALS SON!"
Very true statement! Sometimes people lack the courage to apply it. Life is indeed too short to be stuck in unhappiness.
I'm practically kissing the passenger in front of me
love your show, and can't wait to get a reading!
I'm so scared.
I hope you plan on giving us a show. You own the stage when you perform. Wishing you luck, man.
Nice to meet you!
I don't want him anymore, he's an ex for a reason but I still can't stand the thought of him being with anyone else :/
valentines day is just like any other day-.-
Posted Chillin high like ookkaaayy just relaxin thankin GOD for the day again lolz shout out to GOD THANK U I DONT NO WAT ID DO WITHOUT U !!
Thanks for your patience while we get set up! Epic Tweets to Follow!
Can you feel it?
i love your page back ground
I have looked everywhere on my OkCupid profile for where it says "Casual sex" but I don't see it anywhere. WTF these guys talkin about?
so the #packers have to trade for colt mccoy now.
Aw Okay..I hope my mama dont be on no bs with me imma be soo madd
Queuing at the nerd-rock concert at #MIT150 cog sci event Brains, Minds and Machines. Excitement!
We're just pressh(: we all need to
Today at CDL we got to hear a great talk by Salvatore Mele of
I find the kids walking around school with flour babies hilarious...
ur piano playing was awesome
What's good with you ma! How has your day been thus far?
Has anyone ever told you that you're amazing?(:
Twitter fight :3 Where's my popcorn
gotta ca me to discuss rates
Okay, how about a reply to the email I sent you, no character limit. Or a link to an article, or pdf, blog, or something...
What's going on people? How's your week going?
You have your beautiful face! c:
2 things--1 Encourage them to read for structure not just content; 2 structure writing assignments so they know what to include
Dang Pacers have me screaming like their my favorite team! Lol. Im.anti-Miami.
thanks for the RT, glad you agree.
and yes, a hottie to boot
An excellent Vw car dealership within Phoenix arizona allow you to ...
Join our Facebook group and see pictures from past events. Search: Long Island Autism Fair.
make me think about what I'd want my kid to do
kelsey is such an inspiration to me :3 and so were those guys that went up to the podium.
Me, too! It was so charming! So happy that Midnight in Paris won best original screenplay!!
I was familiar with the word beforehand. This should come as no surprise.
awww:( that's so rude! Haha they should know not to mess with Directioners!
getting ready to give his presentation on disaster recovery and business continuity
& we should get the youth of chicago involved. being a part of CIW changed my life & im 30+. imagine what it could do for kids
He has great plans for me
i'm scared shitless; I don't want go home.!
anyone who sees this on their timeline just got a little dumber
Happy Anniversary!!!!!
Hi maintaoistes, thanks for following!
Practicing in tie dye sweatpants and a cat sweatshirt tonight. -kc
I love it that every time I reload my TL I see and having ther convo about cars #smh #boyswillbeboys ^_^
Everytime I see you dance I want to barf :) Feel special?
What you project into the world comes right back at you. Smile at everyone you pass and think "There goes someone GREAT"
yes! Running around w a bunch of miscreants until Sunday.
Another earthquake!
You cuffed her for a moment but she gone have my name in her mouth forever
The Big Universe
Yep I go back to school soon, so photos will take a back seat. I almost enrolled to get a degree in photography, but didn't
GET.A.LIFE. Jkkkk(; I'm still upset from earlier! Hahahhaa (:
Student on campus today wearing two different pieces of gray suit. I want to tell him to take the jacket off.
miss you girl! Hope you're having fun :)
#yobitv thanks for everything and good night
go ahead and put me down right now. I want to be first in line
LOL idk man i was gonna ask you fjsdkfndsk we have to try to look presentable how do people do that
S/O to KKG for winning the pudding wrestling Pi-Athlon !!
Just sang at my cousin's wedding in fort wayne ^__________^
Do you find yourself craving a delicious burger?? Come on down to the B! Burgers that will leave your taste buds asking for more!!
I'm getting antsy for #HOWLive to get here! It's like a creative kick in the pants, and I definitely need one.
again well if u guys can maybe a quick stabilizer for connections would help i was at latency of 775 last night
Yahoo CEO fired for pretending to have more degrees than he has; Romney pretends to have fewer.
stay awake dreams only last for a night
WOAH WOAH WOAH!!! Somebody took Emily to meet or .... Something??
are you here?
Srsly, HWood, stop with the illusion dresses. If you have to wear nude inserts to make it work, you've missed the point. Sheesh!
A brand new sharpie
Will Tim Thomas show up in the All Star Game? After all, Ottawa is the nation's Capitol.
certainly not the remix my bad peoples. Its the original
IM me if U would like to talk
I'm getting paid by academic satisfaction aka an A grade.
when u coming to Milwaukee? Listening to Lucky Now on we need a tour stop soon!
I wish I could've been in all the High School Musicals.. :/
A quick #FF to my new coworkers at : Thx for all the guidance.
Hey ..... saw you in Somerset. That's a big puffy jacket!
Looks like I have three months to watch the online backup wars shake out before I bail on
Half day!
In ATX @ Shoal Creek Saloon. Who Dat?!
ha ha
Amazing! *Cough* I think I am sick...probably should go home from work early... RT : Absolutely beautiful morning out there.
Come see the Indy car this Tues, 23rd from 5:30-7:30pm along w/ the checkered flag girls & 92Q. We roll out our 2 latest hot dogs tomorrow
A SquE-Z a day, helps keep the seeds away!
That serious ninja moment when you lean too far back on your chair and jump forward insanely quick
hey u go to has great tips\info. Not too many local folks on here but everyone/thing else is is
full of love how you doing though I call u I text you no response SMH lol
"Stay" is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary. -Louisa May Alcott
n e way u laughing at me n u still up too ah ha ;-p
I am!
We picked 10 winners for a program voucher, check your feed to see if you were a winner!
I seriously love that film. Might be one of my favorite film versions of a Chandler novel.
How about beach #Kronum. We'd have to play on the hard sand of course, but hey we're Kronum. We can make it work.
seven weeks?! I only have three 0_o
Happy Friday!! Who is ready for the weekend?
thank u for following i have cerebral palsy with spastic (spasms)
me too. It was terrible. A lot of racism on individual crews. I was in N East non con.
Just going to college with scotty mccreery and kid rocks son next year
I'll see your bird and raise you one either about to give birth or recently did stray cat hanging around my porch.
Found out yesterday that estrogen causes cancer but one can never have enough testosterone. Explains a lot. Making the trip?
Ok you're a goon what's a goon to a goblin???
I Danced With My Technology Teacher (x
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
Our authentic Jamaican jerk special wraps are coming next week. Any preference for jerk chicken or jerk pork?
Was down in Orlando last week at the Tapings. Impact Wrestling is looking good for the future. Hope your well
If that was your ham and cheese in the little fridge by Lane's desk, thanks.
O M G I still have a headache -__-
Called hubby to ask abt dinner logistics after The Girl's recital. He answers the phone, lets me talk, then tells me he's on the eliptical+
Why does Facebook think I am in a relationship. These ads are unbearable.
you can wear mine :)
wld but only teams & the bands sorry
Is he sweating?
Just arrived home to find a box of advance reader copies of debut novel from
The mint makes it first, it is up to you to make it last. Esar, Evan
Tigers. Italian Food. Not in that order. Come eat. Cadillac Sq. & Bates. Downtown Detroit. #food truck
I'm surrounded by beautiful intelligent people who are two steppin', laughing, and having fun.... I don't want it to end
Portugal. The Man
These papers are going to be the death of me
Hello Thanks for following back..Looking forward for your tweets! *cheers*
Rafael Marquez (Mexico) is shown the yellow card.
I would give my future first born to see LL and Paul "chillin'" like homeboys do...ya know boiiiii
and it begins...time for a kick smoothie and an amazing Yoga session with the one and only Noah Powell I am so excited I could just cry!
Bumping #DreamChasers2 in L.A doesnt even feel right though lol whole dofferent vibe out here
that is precious!
By Love and Art Scarred the motion picture just got an Award of Merit from the Los Angeles Cinema Film Festival of Hollywood!
Who likes ? Tell us where you are from and we will try and get them to a city near you !
if by crazy, you mean brilliant I agree!
Happy Record Store Day
We didn't create Ptales to encourages kids to read. We created it so kids could get more out of books. We assume kids want to read.
happy birthday babe:)
Thanks, Clifford the Big Red Cornell Dog
I agree with ; maybe 15%....if we are lucky.
I want to see the Hunger Games movie
It's not equality when you constantly call it "gay marriage" & "gay rights". You're creating segregation just by referring to them that way
Watching one of my go-to podiatry experts on right now. What a shoe collection Dr. Levine!
Zing RT : I did "journalism" once, but then I got distracted by a dog with a puffy tail. Here, puff! Here, puff!
Went to Tim Burton exhibition at LACMA. Love it!
Ion even call this bitch a hater no more I call her a
hello my darling!!!!
go snipe the mountain with ur snarp....
You have done the very best that you could do up to this moment in time with the knowledge and understanding you have had.
I LOVE YOU I MISS YOU I JUST WANNA HOLD YOU AND BE WITH YOU :/
Do you know someone who has had a stroke? #HealthyMatters Sunday 7:30 am call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with questions!
oh yeah that spray looks fun!
Goodness. These newfangled #hybrid #buses are so quiet! I feel like my #earbuds are too loud.
You don't have to have perfect faith to receive a miracle from God. God knows we are all imperfect, that's what Jesus died for!
rolling on fat bitches lol.
I'm just always wrong.
Mark O'Mara has been practicing Criminal and Family Law in Central Florida 28 years.
Don't be doin that shitty duck fuck face
Yay! its not cold outside.
Tata-owned JLR to build new Jaguar F-type sports car - Moneylife Personal Finance site and magazine
I always take a nap after a shower, but I'm lazy like that!
daddy mak a wish....wit dis cake in ur face....i want dat cake cake cake cake cake...ima make u my bitch ^___- <3
well I'm sitting here trying to plan stuff out and they keep changing it:/ I'm sorry I have a life
thanks for following... ;)
Going to an Orlando writers event tonight. Very excited to meet the other YA (and other genres, of course) writers in town!
meet in lobby in 5. We are in cab on way back.
Watching Beyonce videos for my paper, I love American Studies
Thank you for bring back lots of sweedish chocolate. This is not going to be good for my diet
Hey, New York SLA peeps - who's going to the SLA-NY Happy Hour at Ulysses, downtown? I'll be there!
good luck, I hope you stay awake and your brain soaks in everything #sponge haha
For some reason, I wish I had freckles. :)
they both mean the same thing ..its twitter not school. :p
My jaw is on the floor. Theon is entirely too drunk with power. Wow.
Checked out our statement from our Spotify listens today. Good news is, you're listening! Bad news: all your listens totals to $2.10!
Eff it. I can't nap now cuz I'll never go to sleep tonight..ugh
#Toyota #Corolla loaner base model was OK but a bit bland. By comparison, #Matrix is wagon, has sunroof, AWD, and stiffer suspension.
omg I told u we had the longest convo by 2 sec and u hung up
Hollywood is pissa. Let's make a shitty movie like Battleship and sit back and think... How can we make this really shitty? Add Rihanna!!
haha! I'm worried I did clean out a few tweeps I didn't mean to!
Man, I just had to unfollow Kareem Abdul Jabbar. Dude wouldn't shut up.
we can eliminate the risk by sending you an experienced professional team that will have the job done quickly and within budget.
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality"
At home sick AGAIN!!!!:/
what happened to my report/block spam option?
radical kid I tell you...
Thanks for sharing our blog post Kiri!
You would fit in well then, Haha.
Beat my dad in basketball FINALLY!!!!! 21-24....got him with a TRES LOLZ :)
The debate was just interrupted by a tornado warning.
Who wants my phone number I need a new buddy/friend texting. RT if u want my number :-) i would love to give it to u
RT : ODE gave KnowledgeWorks a shout out in the Alliance for Excellent Education webinar this aftermoon
vielen dank herr rice!
Ray Allen just pure
Happy Turkey Day! Cheers!
Rackers is also an ex-Bengal/Bungle. Is it a surprise he choked?
Tonight is about me and you ;)
so perfect I can't sleep :D
My bitch bad looking like a bag of money
you? i seen it and was like, awwwwwh.
Ate so much cant even button my pants. Totally worth it.
DIDN'T I BLOW UR MIND THIS TIME... DIDN'T I??? ;-)
Thanks! I can't remember who gave me the idea. Was it you? ? Just glad to have a way to say "good job" w/o being creepy.
Can we leave Lamar in LA?
We're on foot and just sat for din-din. Will let you know when we finish!
But he doesn't see that.
YOU'RE NOT THE BOYZ TAKE A SEAT. MY FLAHVA IS ICONIC
Heading to the brewers game tonight... Who wants beast gear? Get it at milwaukeesbeast.bigcartel.com
i cant..
it wasn't bad. If people are mad they need to calm down! Haha. I thought it was funny.
this might sound strange but I know what you mean and I do tread very carefully on their terrain.
changing my photo for my other Twitter and waiting for all my songs from Limewire to download!,uplate
#TIIP4P Lance Dublin: kids in caves learned to walk pretty similar to the modern day kids
Over 46,000 Downloads of my remix to "Call Me Maybe"!! Thanks so much for all the support WORLDWIDE!
November 26, 2010 was the saddest day ever for me. Justin was here and i could not go. :( if i miss his tour this time. i will break down.
RT David von Storch--owner of --will open 901, a small-plates restaurant, in Penn Quarter this April
LOL , stick run
Thanks! We love that you love them! ;)
But you get to play with doggies that come into your store all day! :D
Listening to a great #HIMSS talk about #mHealth by
Where are u, now that I need you.
1 year down. 3 more to go. on my way to becoming Dr. Monterosa
I wish the challenger I had for a few days
full time what?
he mean tobacco cuz his tail dnt smoke weed
Making myself a 'Mission of the Day' :)
I cant take this long distance relationship anymore. Fridge, you are coming to my room.
I am working from home and season 3 "Roseanne" is on in the background and it's making me _so emotional_ .
You Went broke That Shit Cray
oh my goshh i know...
so how is everyone doing tonight??
hey what's up!(:
..if you peek at the comics, it's his signature T. Such a great episode! After Sunday, we'll be on pins + needles until 2013 ;)
new music coming to www.squalaorphan.com ALBUM on ITUNES RIGHT NOW
where u going????
not only heard about it... witnessed it (sorta...)
how do you think Iwakuma did overall in this particular outing?
fine then :p
Thunder with only 6 fast break pts at half. Gotta create some more opportunities to run.
Great to meet you this weekend! Have a good trip back! We'll be sure to send your "message" to :)
Glee's so good tonight!!!
erin-hey.. do you wanna hear a joke? me- sure. erin- johnny went to buy icecream. then he died. me- well..alright hah.
This Old Man Told Me He Like My Boots :-) !.
Thanks for the update! Already following Oroma!
Taxes suck
Damn Can I Live?
Foursquare is being dumb today :( it was supposed to say the I bumped into my friends Jonny & Crystal ... Silly app!!!
Come see as we Romp the House at this weekend in St. Louis.
Itching to get off work and ride bikes with
And there's the whole "Promoting #Mixtape" aspect. But how will I watch #GameofThrones amidst all that craziness?
Ahh , im so tired all im gunna do right now is take a warm shower , watch jersey shore while eating oreos and sleep :)
Can't wait to see u on NYE in Milwaukee! I promise u will feel the love from Chi-town to the Brew-City.
Retro dresses made to elope in seem to be a hit this spring! I smell a blog coming on... :-)
TY for your kind words and #FF! UR a good friend.
A town just died. I can hear the bulldozers in the near distance. Diesel bouquets the air.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to tweeting w/ you. Cheers!
OK, I just got around to reading the story about "gender reveal" parties. I guess I'm supposed to be outraged? Not really sure why.
tHEY SELL IN THE UK AT TK MAXX IN THE UK
Just block the spammers. There was <10 and the stream clears up pretty quickly. We've had lives tweets on screen all day.
TY for the mention! Have a great Friday and weekend.
You need to be less MIA yo :)
Nice read..I miss the Fleer brand every day
Hi Ann - Glosses are sticky. Have you tried a little petroleum jelly? That's shiny and not sticky.
Thanks for the follow, right back atchya
get a job!
If you can't screw the back ground actors, who can you screw, right? Thank you sessions, In a world, extras management & central casting...
Just finished Christine Falls by Benjamin Black, the crime-writing pseudonym of literary novelist John Banville. Good stuff!
Holy smokes! RT : Stat of the Day: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9% of all batters in MLB history. (h/t )
That hurt
wooooop I'm excited!
VNDMG Feb 13th at the Breathe/Milk Bar in San Francisco, CA!
HOW DOES THIS PIC THING WORK *____*
Alex Jones and Trayvon Martin on now - Zenlive.tv
Work out Check in: Who got their workout on today?
Can some scientist create a Bubba Oosthuizen so I don't have to deal with this kind of thing again?
Somebody keep me posted on this heat/pacers matchup...thx in advance
Turducken for dinner!!
Hey, We met at last month's Learning Event (it's Paul). Turns out I was already following you on Twitter.
honestly anything, I'm trying to get back on at Target lol
Yep... downed a 8x8 pan of #ghiradelli #brownies... realization: reached for a brownie, and there was not a single one left... woops!
oh boy, its fucked. you get any texts? Headin over now
Congratulations to my #SDSU Aztecs!!! Cutting down nets again!
WHATS UP DANA? HOW ARE YOU BROTHER? I MANAGE SEVERAL FIGHTERS. HOW CAN I GET THEM IN THE UFC?
yes I'm going youth center
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have allowed the most yards in the but their #1 in the AFC
Clearly you should pick up all your followers and take us with you. :P
Taking off to work #illinoistech graduation this morning. CONGRATULATIONS all #IITGrads2012!
If my sister doesnt go to el rodeo with me soon, i will shank that bitch
:( fingers crossed for a less awful week, starting now :(
sheryl crow- the first cut is the deepest
I have an hour & 13mins left.
Tied 4-4, 5 mins left in the game. Goalies dad is dying here!
It must be terrible to be an ugly/out of shape female in San Diego. Step up your life
its not trendy here? wow, i've been looking like an idiot for a while now.
how about you fucken check your voxer i left you a wonderful message
I found these on ebay, but the Iron Fist website has some more that are really cool too!
Allez Cuisine! RT : It's been a long and mostly productive day so I think I've earned a couple episodes of Iron Chef.
why u been a stranger ? Wtf
Driving in Africa is a just big game of chicken pedestrians included,& whoever has the biggest vehicle has the right of way.
I am. And I agree, busy!
Can u write. I'm thinking about holding a private seminar on putting together a book from start to finish. Email rshamar if ur int ...
thanks, you're the best motivator :) i want to hear all about Foxhollow tomorrow, that is so sweet!!!
If I hear somebody else blame lack of promotion/relegation for our Olympic failure, I will throw up in my mouth.
Ran Rock N Roll Half Marathon in New Orleans in 2:10!#BRINGTHEHEAT!!
Thank you Rebecca for that. Most people think Dad is already in. This would help spread the word.Appreciate it!
is already playing now (zy2-oa)
Aww,you guys made me ink!
Come on Alex, take him deep!
that dude crazy , and he was balling
Taking care of my IT Band issues...must be strong for the #CampPendletonMudRun this weekend!!!
I'd have figured them for Fulham Tup drinkers! (but not after they mingily renamed it "The Rose").
Finished the spring volleyball league as an undefeated team! Looking forward to playoffs starting next week.
I know! and I went there 3 times when they had their all u can eat month special.
right now ?? :P
Thank God for early morning prayer. Early in the morning my song shall rise to thee! Fired up and ready to go!
let's beta test an in-home campaign that brings consumers in-store to redeem via
RT : Love this: Bookworms will rule the world! As soon as we finish one more chapter.
If you walk into the clasrm thinking "your way" is "their way", 1st of all, you're mistaken, and 2ndly, you have immed created a barrier.
Heading to the Yoop in the morning...love it!
Yes! The frogs.......deafening, yet entrancing.
no big surprise its casey James
One stop shop for business financing. No upfront fees ever. No cost for advice either. or 888-819-6660
Guy just shows up for work, clocks-in, clocks-out and WINS, yet always given the shaft RT : Kyle Orton is a class act.
It's almost been a year since started following me but I havnt had any luck talking him yet
on shaky ground today in manhattan! that was a crazy feeling.
I'm the one at the payphone.
#quotefromcoworker to a customer on the phone "It's not about the size of the boat, it's all about the motion in the ocean."
Did you know...the AF provided more than $400 million in research grants to more than 2,200 researches since its inception in 1948
should be on a Pepsi commercial....
yea I left in the middle of her openin them
I applaud that decision on a personal level, but as televised entertainment, it's great fun. Glad you liked it.
Very compelling question in this morning's training: "How do you want this to end?". Think about your legacy. What mark will you make?
oh my word - permission inheritance and OG and roles
You don't think I can do it? Sit back, relax and watch as I prove ALL you Mother Fuckers wrong :)
Meet representatives from 85 of the hottest startups at the "Startup DC Student Career Expo" today from 1-4pm at GWU's Marvin Center
i will remember that, thanks for the tip! :)
hate when people borrow my shit and don't respect it....
Thank god its friday!
Magic Carpet Bomb Ride...hmm!
I love how Michelle Caruso-Cabrera always blames the consumer when the big banks screw up. Maybe we should the banks a big tax cut.
What's your favorite tequila?
Jessica going to the finals means that Phillip will win...just give him the contract now, lol.
well....he lost at mania...and he slipped tonight
Just heard about the hit to Matt Cooke, I seriously hope he's okay. He's one of my favorites
If u were born in 1993-1999 follow me for 500+ followers
I still haven't started.
Netflix I swear if u keep slowing down I will kill you
Been there. I did WW while also leading a GS Troop. I suggest crunching up 1 Thin Mint in a cup of vanilla yogurt each day.
I am still not completely convinced myself.
Just finished blog on how the simple use of mirrors can be an effective tool to help ADHD children to focus on and complete their schoolwork
yeah, and she's napping so idk what time to take them up
right on cue
Lawdy dis pop is cold!...and sweet...and brown.
C.R.E.A.M. - Wu Tang Clan
Where have you shopped local this holiday season?
Be afraid. Be very afraid!
As soon as you start blaming yourself for patients dying, theres no coming back!
Way to go and - it's the English Heritage Room!
Having a blast in Newport today... it's a beautiful day=]
Who's ready to rock tonight?
Thanks for the RT's Nigella! How've you been? I'm slowly working my way back to NM from OH. Not clear why I'm in MD.
Oh, uh... Yeah I'll let you and Jared be super bummed about that one...
is welcomed to Hawaii.
R.i.p. To all my niggaz smh
Took my first trip today. Enjoyed dinner with my brother and picked up some groceries. Great success!
MUSIC TONIGHT WITH NEIL KAMMILLER AND GERRY KEATING!!! 6:00PM
Odor field paintings and color field aim tongs. Cat food paintings for the cat with everything.
Know I want to know if the "Reprints" icon worked in your Google Analytics project, !
Back from an amazing Firewalk weekend in New Jersey....5000. People...wow
": #Aries must be the boss."
Youre welcome bud follow back ?RT : Thanks for the follow :)))
I wish! I'm in Boston right now. Forgot how amazing this stuff is.
they'll fix it
...will have an immediate impact.
Im keep being pretty me dont matter what people say :) RT if u are pretty!!!!
Im back (:
sweating.. in Minnesota
bumpin #willrap4beats up in Miami right now s/o , aye bruh tell'em #Rozaay on the way!
I Heard The Funniest Sht When Ths Couple Was Arguin: "Nigga My Hole Aint Loose Yo Dick Just Little" --- I GOT WEAK!
you were staring. I wake up and see you right by me just staring. #creeper:)
Right now I'm in bed watching YouTube videos... soon I will make myself an egg.
just saying lol
Having only one class today was quite enjoyable
de-rehearsifying (gHOST project)- always difficult to come back to reality.
6am and she is startin' to rain already ):
we would have campaigned to secure middle-name naming rights!
I wondee if is awake?
I'm awesome! And yes ma'am we'll find some time to schedule that in.
awee shucks learned from the best <3
The boss back, somebody call the Brinks truck
Headed up to ventura. Gonna be a great show! See you all at the Red Cove!
#injo Shahira Amin, Egyptian Nile TV deputy head and senior correspondent, speaking from Egypt
the more u give, the more u receive!
merry christmas ! :)
I want some food.:-) #sonic maybe?
Hop!Lookingforward to watching!
I KNOW! If only I were blonde *sigh*
Hope the rest of your shift flies by!
Simmons acdmc fac voted to urge all to wear hootie on April 4 to remember trayvon!
Ready to kick some butt on the course tomorrow
Can I get an amen from the congregation? If I couldn't laugh at myself I'd probably be dead. True. Fax.
Never did think women were athletic. This sure isn't helping. #Virginia #JohnsHopkins lacrosse.
Finishing up the last day of the state legislative session. Long day; Repubs crazier than usual.
I got a 10
And you as well Brian! :)
Pardon my pigeon
oh Christian Bale... oh
Jackelope on Sixth. Crazy full though
yea doctor office suck!
Word! Need a new phone though. My Droid's OS is a,#fail cc Time to get on this bandwagon!
A call after 1030 means nothing but booty! Lol!
Season saving hit for Gardner?
survey? "Rude" or just "honest?" Guess it depends...New Yorkers are also "honest"
good morning y'all!
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 19
Game 3 in Los Angeles #Coyotes vs
I read he was good at making people feel most important when talking to him
Looks like only 4 Bama players got drafted in the 1st round. Thats pretty good!
We are finally giving our peronal cell phone #'s out!!!! DM us and we'll give you the #'s to our cells...we want your trust!!!!!!!
The incident is the incident. Leading public voices purposely inciting anger and pushing vigilante justice is unconscionable.
Have you been to the #OGStudio recently for a class, conversation, or event? Tell us about it!
NEW RT2WIN Contest coming soon! Stay tuned!!!
I'm not afraid of mashmallows. I'm just afraid of pronouncing it correctly, apparently. hahahaha
2 and a half men is really America's #1 comedy?
working on Word Press
Can't wait for #60Minutes tonight as they pay tribute to Mike Wallace - the man who invented the tv interview.
Anytime, my friend.
Jose Mourinho and his Madrid should learn how to take a defeat though.
Aww i was bout to say
In 2011 I promise to become more diverse and accept the fact that cars exist besides the ones in "Nascar."
Goblin alert!!!!!
or leaves in the middle
Lil chicken ass nigga...dnt run...its just twitter
. doesn't realize I'm an expert at ignoring things.
Nothing outside you can ever give you what you're looking for. -
Chicago..I'm coming home :)
Yogi Tea wisdom: There is a beauty in your presence. Show who you are.
you're so welcome! Love my #trenchers!!
good morning everybody
CBS News: Mitt Romney is the projected winner in Illinois Republian Primary.
The way girls swing their arms before they dance <<<< like, chill out bitch...
Sounds like these moths have batwings
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
Appreciate this contact, I'm sure it will help! Thanks=)
How was the rest of your weekend ?
another Roy Williams but a few more catches
I went back and took a look at that Futurist classic - Up-Wingers by F.M. Esfandiary. The copyright is 1973. I guess the future is here.
and onto movie #5! happy cinco de mayo....
Maybe instead of golf I should peruse a rap career.
Im gonna miss but i still have to cheer on :)
Sorry peoples, no DJ show for tonight. Equipment trouble. Wish me luck fixing stuff before next Sunday's show
Who did a mistake or two in the end of his boxing carrier. For me he will always be the best and most entertaining boxer ever!
Lefty lefty lefty
My chick badd looking like a bag of money !
no problem :)
Waiting until the person taking your order is looking to put money in the tip jar
you guys just got off vacation and you're complaining for another one??
Sad to see a good lockeroom guy like Bogut go, but we could use Ellis's athleticism
Way to go Steelers!!!!!
Brantley: Calif, Kansas, North Carolina joined in-library lending program Internet Archive
turned back during the commercial. Got a mushroom farmer from SF and a dude with a pretty legit flow
You got it. He was limited to 100 snaps thanks to the injury.
we will be there!
I'd be interested to know more about how you work!
Friend thanked me for my style advice in college, it's helped him w/the gf. I'm satisfied with the diff. I've made in the world. :)
Hey Vinny the prosecutor still have yet to put up any evidence about motive. Why did she do it.
hahaha. Not as much as they used to.
Come party with me and at 191 South!! 10160 W 191st St Mokena IL 60448
nice playing spades wit you..... Lol....
Hi Scott,8 days left for OUT OF PRINT kickstarter. Any chance you could post on Twitch or tweet about it? Need your support!
thank you :)
HEY :D FOLLOW ME. you were talking to me at the valentines day concert and i started freakin out out of no where <3 followback:]
Yeah... Ellie and Katy are really disappointed in me too. On the plus side, I <3 them now.
Good to hear. It's Eeyore's birthday today too. Any sightings of hippies?
Gravity is not to blame for two people falling in love.
Officially visited every building mica owns
hey go to my site at www.watchnhllive>com register and you can watch all the games i no its hard to watch all the games.
If you think no one is listening, just turn up the volume and get LOUDER!!!!!
Thanks Adam, have a great rest of your weekend!
Josh Hamilton's 18 total bases a new AL record. Shawn Green's 19 vs. Brewers in 2002 is the MLB record.
Linda Riss I sadly get why she went back with her psycho ex, she was blind it was a different time. She would have been homeless.
Great idea! I'm off to spend the day w/grand kids. I'll get back to you!
Its been ugly but hanging in there.
Sharing #pictures on FB just got easier. Mark #Zuckerberg announces acqusition of
Sorry for the delayed response. Thanks and Have a good day.
Haha, is this about the thread from yesterday?
Challenge: Each day when u wake up come up w/ 3 things u will do TODAY that will get u closer 2 your dream.
yeah I just liked it on FB and it actually is good :) thanks for doing that we seriously are destroying our environment
Lol! Be sure to top it off with crab juice.
6 years...I've never done one
Happy hour > nap
whoooooow heck yes! ;D not planning on ending the party till fall lol thanks!
9 more fan page LIKES and we hit 9000!
First celebrity sighting since I've moved to LA: complete! Wanda Sykes at Paradise Cove Beach Cafe in Malibu!
Must now go have sushi
Some stunning numbers being thrown out there with the Facebook IPO:
": I am wearing the cutest sailor dress today thanks to ..."...OMG!! ME TOO!!!
Holiday Safety Tips -Avoid wearing expensive jewelry, Shop during daylight hours whenever possible. Do not carry a purse or wallet, if poss.
Memphis traffic is so random.
Buying slushies during lunch
RT Excited about #LUCIANO confirmed!! Sun May 20 #reggae < we'll be filming and live streaming
": "Already talk in the Dodger front office about adding players this summer," on SportsCenter" #UNNNH!
watch Smash faithfully, todays shoot airs in 3 weeks and she is something else here, Tonight on NBC, Smash is all new.
I don't condone flopping but can you blame the players for taking advantage of these ignorant NBA referees?
Successful cover photo shoot in Rancho Santa Fe! Go team!!
Murder, Loyalty, Lust, and Family Secrets <=#Seattle Author Neil Low #Unreasonable Persuasion
I wonder how many UB kids take the Hopkins shuttle
I'm loving the new organic kale salad in PB produce section. Thanks! Can you please get more organic dressing? Not a GMO fan
ok, sounds like a plan! Also, I would like there to be a drink called the bosley... make it happen :-P
I'm glad you will be with Big Blue for the long haul. How are you feeling? God Bless!
"My girlfriend sucked 37 d%#ks." "In a row?"
Just his shadow...RT : any sign of Peyton yet?
is working hard to produce what is MUCH bigger and greater than I am . . . which equates to little sleep. : )
My heart goes pitter patter! Happy New Year
Well, they didn't really COVER it at all... lol.
i cant live my life without you ... i must make you understand - I wanna be your man :)
Saw a sneek peak at the new outpatient clinic space today. We move in this weekend! By gollie we might be done with this building by april!
I just want to be there for you
does that mean you wanna bang? ;)
Just once I want to see a marathon winner cross the finish line and immediately fire up a cigarette.
This summer is going to be the shit. I have high expectations. If you can't fill them, get the fuck out of my way.
a career in the arts- heart and soul for sale name your price. a career in programming- technical knowledge and time for sale. market value.
Curious: How was your weekend?_________
Hi! My name is Michael from MA, I teach in a 1:1 iP school teaching English and History.
I've ignored it bc I'm busy cranking out the old kind of work while cultivating opportunities for the new. Time to rethink?
I had no food at the airport. Think it was the mac-n-cheese.
Don Mashak&#39;s Montgomery County, Alabama Free Press: Minnesota ...
blah mandatory employee blah.
where to?
don't expect much, matt :-)
Hopefully next time your in town our beers will be available!
question. bowls so great you want to protect them? or does this make the case for the playoffs even stronger?
Damn! RG3 and Goodell had more than a bro hug going on there! lol
when do they drop? What retailers gettin em?
watching you ;)
GK was talking to a neighbor out a window today. World's greatest kitteh? Are there really any contenders?
and thanks for entertaining Erin tonight. She's your new BFF
I'm back in Cleveland?
Awesome thanks for subscribing.
RT : I'm so amped! Lol I love watching ballet and the costumes are sure to be ridiculous! My eyes ......
Marc is not the better player. Pau is a better scorer, shooter, passer, rebounder. C'mon now
Ew it's fat cupcake bitch -.-t
go ahead and buy Blaze one while your at It haha He wants one!
Me too. Its been a while RT : I wanna play some Guitar Hero
Thanks for the follow, all the best to ya .
I eat Mozzarella today. Period ; )
Victory Against Chevron! Chevron was ordered to pay approx. 8 bn in environmental damage for contaminating the Amazon forest. Great News!
you should have Bing'd it. Just joking. No one uses Bing!
#Learn from the experience of pivotal social leader Scott Beale and be an agent for
No problem!(:
Sorry Mccartney but I prefer lennon
your so lucky i wish he would follow me and dm me And skype me (:
Best hashtag of the week goes to for #bearlife. Check out for brunch, you're welcome in advance
You are Mark!
oh no..are you ok?
I love
ticks must be bad this year, pulled a dozen or so lone stars off about three weeks ago in Shenandoah Valley
well once you start listening to sleeping with sirens, never shout never or mayday parade, then well talk(:
Thanks to all of you for your support!!! : you are all amazing!!!
I thought I heard that S bomb.
The DC Fair Budget Coalition came to the Wilson Building.
Lo siento, tengo que irme, llego tarde. / I am sorry, I should leave, I am late
Finally getting a night where I haven't heard a train go by every 15 minutes!
I need to make some fly business cards!
happy birthday of 's #FM2 #cutthroat #rivals #exes. hope you have a great day! :)
I just figured out how to get my favorite passages out of my Kindle & I love it! Today: more from that beautiful book by Abraham Verghese.
I love that one!
Got my order! One doesn't fit but the Soda Fountain Dress is perfect! Sending other dress back so I can order more SFD colors:)
fantastic article! All of us here at Copper Kettle are huge fans! We'd love to have you in to Brew some beer here!
come to me
Yeah i missed a few days of my meds that keep me stable and it was hectic.RX ran out and had to wait. So that didn't help
Big three by Orange there to cut it to 7.
JUST RELEASED! The Future of Family Court Bill Eddy's new book
Just tapped Boulder Hazed and Infused Dried Hop Pale.
Yesterday wasn't my day, but I'm thankful to have today to complain about it... :-)
yeahh I know. Anyways, congrats on all your track accomplishments! That's awesome! Keep it up. See ya buddy
Good moring, what are you doing today ? :)
I was kinda pumped when you RT'd me on Friday! Does that make me a dork? :-)
Merry Christmas everyone!
Wtf is today....make lena mad day?!...
Get a can of compressed air, prolly has dust in it! And I need one too, I'm tired of my POS comp hahaha
only complaint: never thot i would b trying to learn how to walk again on my 40th birthday {which is thursday}. such a slow process. lol.
Google's first self-driving car user is Steve Mahan, a man who is 95% blind.
"#TwitterWouldBeBetterWithout people who can't spell" So you're saying Twitter would be better without Liam?! :O
r we ok now?? and omg u havn't posted ur bieber love stories in foreva :(
Hey Norm, have you talked to Artie lately?
New Aaron Rodgers State Farm ad debuts this weekend. Let's hope it won't be as irritating as the first.
What story would you create with LideScribe? Great 10x team to watch.
I don't smoke, but I do drink...now I got a little bit of math for you.
Why the hell do people feel the need to spit in the street? It's disgusting.
Im gonna cry on the way to school tomorrow no doubt. Ill miss all my brothers and my favorite place in the world
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
is wide awake
Goodmorning!! #Milwaukee it sure is windy today.
pujols. Someone's gotta eat the blame for the money lost on that contract
Tel your mom 4 me happy mothers day:)
lol yes it is ;) I stayed right down the street the hard rock...might have a hot new artist to send your way too
:D yayayay. Well I'm sorry I didn't bring you any back. I'm such a jerk.
What can I say I love me some females lol To b real, I do know when a girl says no. Just naughty tweetin u, love ;)
Graham dining hall
My iPhone 4 is great...aside from the fact that it barely makes calls. I guess it is better than strapping the iPad to my head.
never was nor will be a Celtic fan Over here....
Our friend Katie Wirkus joins us next to talk about Wisconsin potatoes on
. begins on Monday! Have you signed up to attend all the fantastic, no-cost sessions you can handle?
Badgers need to get to the line. Hard to overstated magnitude of Berg foul. Terrible call
I bought some cute little splits of a good red just for this occasion.
Personally, when it comes to David ~ GOP ~ Gregory, I Delete the Press.
you can find anything on project free tv
#inhighscho was obsessed with me
good lord, i'm only half way through this cookie and I'm falling into a chocolate-induced coma. someone revive me for my 2:00
zing......beautiful too!
Me TO
The show goes on!
Eating my first reduced meal. It was hard to not stop on my way home and get fast food. Major step
Thanks to for being our Dance Group of the Week! Who's next?
If anyone has a better strategy for using Klout, I'd love to hear it. Otherwise, I'mma keep on mashing buttons like it's Mortal Kombat.
Love paid the ultimate sacrifice when Jesus died on the cross for you. Jesus was saying,I love you This much.
PickUpLine: You remind me of a blue ribbon bass. I don't know if I should mount you or eat you.
"If you go to Z'ha'dum you will die."
Why would Harry find a box of SheWee's in his room?
this was your first tweet lol. Get outta here haha. Where you been?? Forgot about me huh?
Right now, I can announce that I've been accepted into the Student Affairs graduate program at Western Carolina University!!
Me to my 12-y-o looking at her Google Buzz acct: "What's 'IKR'? 12-y-o: "I know, right?" Oh no!
Just FYI: "US Military Asset = Jack Bauer"
GOOD NIGHT TO ALL H.
": A teammate of DWade & Chris Bosh just won MVP because so many so badly want to forget how clutchless he is - fuck u
OSAA wrestling tourney / come on by the Gleukos car and get a sample and some coupons for free Gleukos / and bring me a heater!!!
Come find Madison No Fear Dentistry at the Women's Expo this weekend!
Wahoo! Sanity is #winning! :-)
you did a great job! thanks!
thanks for mentioning getclassicalattherosebar- RSVP until april 14th.please come and review to get the launch of the ground?
New play list at work!!! Good job :) its better than the last playlist!!
Aye all my followers I love yall
...yes when she was singing about "her" Jesus..Jaz said wow that's a powerful God!
Back on my 90 Day Challenge ... played Raquetball (won21-16) and then weights in the gym! Ready for a shake!!! Thank goodness for NEURO!
Per usual, killed it last night.
If you read this, Mr. FIOS guy, yes, you did sense some awkwardness when you came to my front door.
gotta come up with excuse to miss work!
Is Gary Carter 4 or is he a new number 1? Dreary thought, huh?
If #writers need an "eLiterate" web designer who really gets books, is the best in the business.
If I get to work with you then fine, I'll stay next time :)
yessirr. Sound better actually ON the tape lol.
I'll check them out!
trust me I won't forget
RT : Never make yo side bitch your main bitch...where they do that at?
Feeling encouraged to have been one of 15 called back out of hundreds for Cabaret at Hart House. It went reasonably well-Now on to the next:
I think this pussy up the street wants to suck my dick, he keeps offering to eat out my exes...
that's pritty funny:)
Thank God It's Friday!!
It's Friday and weather is amazing! I'm going to eat beer for lunch!
THANK YOU LORD FOR ANOTHER DAY
The only thing I Hate is Hate.
Wise decision to complete pre-reqs at a much lower price point through community college vs a state or private school.
#ImReallyGoodAt Saying I'm going to work out and eat healthy, but never doing it! Lol
I wish I could see again. Went to my first show with He knows what I'm talkin about.
yes. It's really good.
: no, no I want to see it
my upload speed today has been ranging from slow to "what is this, dial-up?" ... Going to bake a cake while this e-mail sends.
what are you doing in shevegas?
Big East hoops tourney at MSG still on Bucket List although conf re-alignment puts damper on it
I dont know how long it's been since I've slept for more than 8 hous two nights in a row.
We MUST use our technology to end hunger. We will be one of the first to grow in a vertical greenhouse.
text me..
have you seen a coffee shop menu ?
Thanks et al for a very informative & enjoyable #mmonline conf.
Is it me or does Duncan look very spry on the court right now?
We have quite the special for you today and tomorrow: Biscuits and Gravy! Great for breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, hangovers..
Um? I thought was great.. still my favorite in the whole competition!
Thanks, Charlotte! :) x
Even in a recession, continuing education programs make sense
that's love
Lots of white people wouldn't be caught dead saying that about James Posey or Tony Allen.
what's good fam
Oh baby. if only , if only
RT oh ok sorry i forgot being a man involved watching the commercials during the game
Much harder to purchase a gift certificate for LA Opera than I would like.
Peyton going to Broncos! NO! He's needed in Miami!
": I'm going to create a new kind of shoe with no sole in it. I call it "Ginger"" :( I eat souls.
Love makes time pass; time makes love pass.
Most 2005 is the concept of a "premium" phone. At $199 on contract could be a hit with the I'd-die-without-a-keyboard crowd.
Coming from 23 generations of rabbis, today I decorated a Xmas tree
I will call you tomorrow!
How so you feel like that and wake up with a smile from cheek to cheek and giggles all over the place?
thank you(; Trevors pissed haha but I'm not the one who stood me up so idgaf <3
I did this last year for nephew. We made butterbeer together, played catch the snitch in your mouth, & I came as Trelawney...
Thank you!
Ah...I had my tweets protected.I just had too many inappropriate sites following me. But, then so few can see tweets...
I just do it for the niggas who wanna see a million before they die..
#np Drake - The Real Her
WHY U DNT CUM ON TUESDAYS U KNOW DAT MY SHYT EVERY TUESDAY
Watching Goosebumbs!...or as says "CGB: Computer Generated Booboo."
Can anything be cancel, if the people are united? Unity rally when we
Rember that, love is, is what I got.
Beta trip tomorrow. Were gonna
Come on in and say "bye" to me, this week! My last day in shop is a week from today. Texas here I come!
He should be around a .280+ hitter. He is right in his prime too, which makes it confusing.
What are you watching on TV tonight?
What happened with the window
Time for #DEXTER! Love this show!
lolol NO resist the urge!
I see I'm gonna have to do something big
then the weekends you're busy going to parties haha
Agreed. I wouldn't switch. That tweet was more intended as a good-natured poke at fanboys
God....that didn't come out right.
Oh wow " sexy and I know it " by LMFAO is #2 on much music countdown :( but on the upside "haven't had enough" is #3 :)
looks like a fucking moron. Unreal
we are at Maggie's place watching basketball too! Heading out after the Kansas game.
hahah speaking of that rapist, he's engaged!
the men, the food, THE SEX! Lord have mercy!!! I'm in love with DC!
It looked like a Flash graphical issue, is it also impacting functionality?
Public school art teacher addresses her context: needs structure for wkg with science teacher. *How* to do it?
I have been goin around spreading the news about and ppl actually listened to me, it seems like they want to help!
If you get bored you could always come to a swim practice RT "Long relaxing day of doing nothing but movies"
hi everyone. How is the ladies tonight?
praying for #Woodward, OK where overnight tornadoes killed 5, injured 30 others. World Visions's Disaster hub in Dallas prepared to help
*blows kisses waves back* how u been sweetie?
Oh no hahahha
I need some new idea's for new POLLS OF THE WEEK!!!! Tweet your idea's for a Poll or E-mail your idea's to . THANKS! :)
hello how are ya doing todayy
Thanks for following
Wait, yoga tomorrow??? Did you mean Friday or are you really going tomorrow? Thurs is Dean's class, right?
lol! You're back in Nashville?!
My charity dream!
stalking & checking & snooping >:| aint cool it just shows how insacure you are.
Chaudhary's take on sympathy brings to mind Deleuze's: part if the mechanism of "becoming everyone"--experienced as plurality.
God I can't wait Togo home. Wanna curl in bed with my girl
Just inked a deal for a great new client. :) *wish I could disclose, sometimes competitive intelligence is an odd business.
I like SNAPpers (2 p's) because it reminds me of snapping fingers as opposed to Snape.
I see. I'll look into the game, but I'm playing the God of War series right now.
Baker mountain-climb scheduled (my 1st ascent). Training underway. When not training, am wrkn. When not wrkn, am training. luv it!
Great to hear hosting the Belling Show this afternoon. Listen at 1130 AM or online (www.belling.com)
It removes the ability for a truly impassioned fanbase to actually give the networks/advertisers what they want.
Morning Rockstars! > Your real influence is measured by your treatment of yourself. - A. Bronson Alcott
first day of summeeerrrr
Just for once I want a boring day where nothing happens.
#ThingsThatEveryoneWants to be successful in life<3
lol look at PT all jeal. Good win boys! Proud of my o's
I feel like I should just skype you from the #clipshow so you can be there live to witness excellence
All-Star Game for HFA is a bad idea, but overall record not good idea either. Different schedules; not comparing apples/apples
Go 2 radio school .com click Arlington location and yours truly will b on the air from 5-6 y'all support ya boy
I hate when that happens!
Did u go on #taglit #birthright? Interested in a birthright 2.0 experience? Check out the www.shalomdc.org/alumnimission - Apply now!
The American Spirits Warehouse in Philadelphia is one of the largest Custom Bonded warehouses in the US dedicated to alcohol beverages.
How did I get here turned around and there you were~<3
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need an attorney, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
and double points for LL, still lickin those lips
Hah! RT : howdy! have a: Lisa active weekend (tm)
Heartbreak, like a knife, / cuts through our complacency / ravaged beyond pain.
I'm at rabbit club with and we're talking.
This whole week I'm not doing my hair like I always do #TooLazy !
I can't even say that once...
Im In Paris Boo! Where U At...Meet/Greet ? ? ? ?
And Sleeping With Sirens and Mayday Parade.
RT : Life is good today in Goodyear AZ. Play ball. (via ) - great way to spend a Friday. Nice! Way jealous here
New year resolutions failed in a row , as of jan 2nd.
Chronicle is a crazy movie! I wish I had powers that would be pretty cool
I just gave someone on the street directions! I apparently live here for real now!
Grouposts is coming...
Leg 17 done!
Noticed same thing at midday even on weekdays. Whole diff experience to be only person in line at security.
amanda show!
if i worked for Target i'd be at a meeting today with shakira, faith hill, renee zellweger and black eyed peas to boot
No cell phone and no internet. That's why you can't reach me. I'll respond to every text and message when my bills are paid!
Happy B day momo! im sowwy i cant give you a birthday hug! i will tomarrow! LY
Cerus (NASDAQ: CERS) announced that it entered into a growth capital credit facility and a revolving line of credit with Comerica Bank
16% of both sports and concert ticket buyers check-in via a location-based platform at an event. (Ticketmaster)
I miss you :_)
I got a craving 4 candy again
I agree he does. Seems real laid back this year. I may be sick too!
I already have on made on here let me get his name for you
Attention Colonials! many pictures have been uploaded, be sure to tag away!
Shamrock shake and some Jimmy Johns - great dinner to me.
whoa, traffic is terrible this morning.. ew!
Colonel Sanders~ Theres no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You can't do any business from there.
Looks like The Sitch needs to catch up to you
Planning on forcing myself into an amish family! Someone get me a bonnet and apron stat!
Oh the joy bankruptcies bring me each n everyday! Haha ya
I'll be thinking about your brother! My partner was in the navy & I know how odd the military/academic disconnect can feel.
back 2 u s/o
Eh... I'm bored of Pinterest
When u can't watch glee cuz u just started ur hw after practice
Well good... I'm an advocate of child labor. My parents did it to us and that's why I'm so well-rounded and kind now. Ha!
High levels of fat in the blood have a strong correlation with high blood pressure, so select foods that have 5 grams of fat or less to eat.
is always a good choice to start off the morning!
#raw10 a Bro says Bishop Eddie Long is a Gay Sex Pred. He took a shower 4 hrs 2 wash off Longs cologne. It must have been Old Spice or Brut.
ily! Pleas follow me:)
last piece before closing was finalized today. should close on the house next week!
Lazy Saturday taking a final and writing a paper. And I'm craving ice cream!
Remember "Gee, Your Hair Smells Terrific"? I need a spray for "Gee, Your Hair Doesn't Smell Like Secondhand Smoke"
Last club review for the night...New York's hottest club is Bam. Club Owner Michael Moore has gone all out...w/ cowboys holding cats
Agree with that! Lets go get UCLA!
you should follow me lol.
oh no I missed the secret life of an american teenager. I hope Amy and Ricky stay together and actually get married.
-was thinking of you when I saw Piggy's side pony
ooh I would just delete her! lol.
omg their burgers are so bomb! Yuum. Please follow <3
WI Dem Party's Mike Tate says, "We have to end the civil war in WI and the only way to do that is remove Walker from office."
The Federation will be filming the commercial for Revenj Jeans this Saturday. Our first washes will debut on September 28th!
Obviously Tozer and Lewis are my favorites.
Those who start with too little money are more likely to succeed than those who start with too much. ~ Brian Tracy
That's lame. What should I do?
The cops at my nana's crib but Im not there.
#10thingsaboutme I love to run, I run cross country and track!
Chocolate chip, walnuts, and almond cookies
Manure in a healthy pasture (marriage) that is watered and maintained will cause growth, not decay !!!
Congratulations Judith H. of Arvada, CO! She earned $421 cash back at Lifetime Windows & Siding!
I miss you lady!! Hope you have a great thanksgiving with your family!!
Kim sorry ur relationship didn't work out how u expected, he seems 2 have a few control issues. ur soul girl. <3 will find u!
Free hugs!
Male 4o dressed in US Postman uniform kicked my foot public transpo. <Belinda Jackson>
I'm thinking should do some sort of trio special tonight in honor of Braun's 3 HR's last night. Please !!
agreed. I only like around 8 of them. It's sad haha
i recognized you had to follow lol
Check out He has a new CD out, mixed by Cj Snare lead singer of Firehouse. Contact me for review or interview
would someday like to have a BJJ mat installed in his garage to roll around on, so I can kick my son's ass.
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
#church was real dis morn
My brain just created a new thing for me to be afraid of: pooping on a toilet covered in fire ants. Thanks, brain
I know it's all my fault, and I feel obligated to fix it.
YAH! Ok good luck with that..
Hi Dustin. I like your Markdown Mark but I want to make a "Markdown Preview" button in an app. Any suggestions? :/
Cost speculation for 5 years, $100,000,000. Asks to initially use unused property tax levy.
Can't wait to see at our Southeast Regional Meet!
Yes, sometimes I am simply sharing with my future self.
Whoa! I just tweeted one of my pet peeves!! Lets try that again....
I love your pic.....very cute
Hey David. You too. They did (for now at least). It's shrunk to three co.'s - Ellis, Navarro and a portion of Tarrant.
if you had to choose, what's one book that you've read that really left an impact on you?
Clutch RT : My boss said leave at 4 pm and go enjoy the sunshine. I'm clearly not going to argue.
I wish all those couples would just go get a room so all the single/loners/desperate people don't have to see it
and 1.8 million die every year from diseases associated with inadequate sanitation, poor hygiene, and lack of access to safe drinking water.
sorry it took so long to respond, i stay busy lately
I love so so so much!! Nick please come back to DC ASAP!!! We miss u Mr. President ;) It's my dream 2 meet u
hey doll!
Go for it - I think it would be awesome :-)
Just made sweet potato porridge, with spicy tofu and three different types of kimchi!
Been at work since 6am and can't believe how much work can accumulate in one day.
Just returned from Everest and Annapurna base camps. Finished article for another mag on Annapurna. Everest next. Interested?
You have no idea how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you, or how much I wish you were mine.
I was looking at a different position (metadata librarian), but that looks awesome too!
I am so stressed. Gawd, it's gonna get better soon right?
I need to find a way to not let little things get to me ...
Always hated science projects! :/
"Beautiful earrings, and what a wonderful seller! Definitely will buy from again" - Laura from Hudson, Ohio
No. Just no.
I'm not saying go back to Old School..Im just saying make Good music..Not just beats with Words on Top
So a standard pour is two chicken fingers of whiskey?
Can. Not. Wait.
more and more in this town. But yeah prolly not all wine.
Customers know when they have questions about Home Heating, Home Cooling or Indoor Air Quality, we have the answers! Contact us!
sending now enjoy :)
oh sorry! Just curious! Stay up! Holla!
BTW , #HappyMothersDay to the mommies or family members on
ELIZABETH WARREN is completing her process of TURNING JAPANESE, having gotten bored to be ONLY Native American.
yellowcake changes everything
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver. ~ Anonymous
Headed to #sxsw. Time to start tweeting every 5 seconds.
cool bro
Photo of said turtleneck please?
It's 11am! Botanas is open! Serving lunch time specials now till 2pm today and every weekday!
Nope, tonight I cant. But I will be at dinner tomorrow!
thanks Bro. You are right there with us. You want to be on Commencement ?
so write a book about beauty tips. Don't forget to put in it that is only 1/100th Italian. #blockedbyT :-)
It's an illness.
"I happen to be the exact age of Sesame Street" Great PBS moments Shane. It's no wonder you wound up where you are.
If you ever want to know how to properly hook your audience for the next episode WATCH #TheWalkingDead's latest episode. So good. Gosh dang.
All too often during PO's, especially after games like G2, things get heated. Good job all around thus far
Pain is temporary, pride is forever
Maggie Smith has delivered several of the best lines of the evening, for sure!
": She ain't right, but she's just right for me. -Lee Brice"
Mac Miller >>
Helping a friend move hi storage unit and I keep wanting to yell, "YUP!"
hope we get to meet up for some good old C&C time :) I miss you!
i was told i had a big fore head by some #faketits, well u know what?I had a haircut 2day n my stylst said its not big soo booyah
Only 8 episodes behind in watching Glee. 1) Quinn w/ pink hair = hott.
She has presented so many Oscars, It's good to see her get one! :)
Wassup with the weekend doe
I'm searching Facebook for people named Hontas, just because I think it would be cool... to poke a Hontas.
I know right! We don't even really get a winter.
If moths are seen in a peron's house: The owner of that house will become important.
weyyyyyyy!! Saludos keep doing the good job!;)
RT Prickly pear drink (has tequila)! rocks! Wow. Luv, luv, luv this place.
woah why werent there field days last year
RT : Funny. The FL Chamber of Commerce calls Awake the State & Occupy the "anti-jobs groups."...
can this day just be deleted from the calendar...i think it would be for the best...
wow. I grew up in a small MO twn home of stfair A accident involving faulty ride killed 3 in 90's Affected twns weak ecnmy for yrs.
great to see you yesterday, funny how things circle around!
Playoffs...Nascar...but no baseball?? Wtf??
i kno it did
either falling off ellipticals or drooling in lecture.
yea lol I just sat him and his squad at the back table..I think he got a face lift or something
God is amazing!
Playing tonight: Bad Daze at Ironwood; Aaron Work at The Brown and Terry Sabo at The Grapevine...
Why did they announce seacrest as ricky martin?
And the freshman strike again
I sincerely hope that recovers with the new CEO
Back to the original twitname .....
driving a truck
All I have to say is that if it's the Clippers ad Heat in the Finals, they better bring extra mops.
New pics up @ our facebook check it out!
sounds interesting
So disappointed in myself.
How did this spam know I liked ligers?
bc players who suck @ FTs are too coward to learn Rick Barry style FTs
You got it!
Love Live Life Proceed Progess.
RT excited to record the title track Wild & Free from our new record. just jamming w/Pete & a drum loop, it sounds enormous.
Hi Marie-Claire, I'm relatively new to raw food diet. Looking 4 more than just smoothies & salads.
Our last production meeting before load in/tech for NEXT. Another night spent at a table full of muses.
I'll b on Habbo tomorrow bye
but there going to hell..and they all live in fucking Utah.
This Girl Needs To Call Me
ok mom luv ya~
what do you think about the mlb moves so far?
that picture is hilarious
HAPPY EASTER <3
MBFWA Street Style Snaps: Day 2 - Pedestrian TV
Is It Easy to Be Young?
what's keeping you from coming tomorrow? A bad day is cured by loud music and flashy lights!
Two thieves. One believed and one mocked. Each at the head of their line. There are 2 lines. The question is: "Which line are you in?" -doug
Thanks for the follow! Will be uploading my first track tonight, check it out when it's up!
Anyone else kinda disappointed in the #HIMYM season finale?
yes, i think that every time i see graffiti! they should apply for jobs as stunt-doubles :)
"Justin crashed my cousin's wedding!!1!!1!one!!1" Yes, and I just defeated Voldemort while drinking tea with John Green.
#sunscreen . eat it
yea them two is an issue on the floor together.. We need Phil to bring in that triangle...
I will keep HBO longer if the Jets are on Hardknocks again.
Question to think about as we close out 2011: "Are you sowing your time to just make your job prosperous and not yourself?"
whats going on looking for songwriters
Building blogs, one of my favorite things... and this time it's actually what I'm SUPPOSED to be doing
Thanks, and back at ya!
North Town Bound Niggah'
That sure is exciting, Amy! When will you be in San Fran?
"Never settle for being someone's "other" when you know you have the potential to be someone's "only""
#OWS DON'T THINK FOR A MOMENT YOU SPEAK FOR THE YOUNG AMERICA'S.. YOU DON'T WE DO!
just came from #santarita. This I'd most recent info as of 5 minutes ago
Thank you!
I just discovered and I can't wait to try the recipe of the week. I'm thrilled that it is free of all of DD's food allergens.
Free day at the zoo for Milwaukee Day.
That's it everyone! Huge heartfelt THX to all who supported this campaign! We'll announce winners of the 6 BONUS perks tomorrow. G'night!
wow sounds delish!!!
Organic, gluten-free, sugar-free PUMPKIN Power Muffins coming out of the oven as we tweet.
Thanks for the follow!
The silliest maybe :) How are things with you? Practicing much with your green light saber?
: "Enchantment is the nectar that will draw them in"
Shower day! Can't believe it's here already. Beyond excited :)
Hayles describing very large multimodal game that she and 30 or so collaborators are building.
: thats why i love when holidays fall on monday..the days fly by after that
I wanna work at Best Buy
needs to step his twitter game up
she bought the dress.
cute.....and you do have an adorable smile!!
Craziest night of my life.
Registering for classes today :)
get me currensy's autograph.!!!...not!
why not?!?! *whining*
Selena Gomez better watch out for
much like the jews of jedwabne ill never be the same.
its not dress down tomorrow
RT : Less than a month to vote! Vote YES on SAGAFTRA Merger! Every vote counts!!
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Avoid inviting people you have just met into your home, or going back to theirs.
": I big room full of broke niggas"lol bet u give out yo number
you rock! Thx!!
is coughing... too much rain on saturday night?
Opportunities are precious!
Where am I supposed to be in 5 years? Does He have a plan for me? Why hasn't it started already?!
I hope this twin of mine have no enemies out here cause everbody greeting me as "Mathew I see u been hitting the gym hard!!!!! " Lol
Inside of every old person is a young person that says, "What the hell happened?" Happy Birthday Big Bry!
Gallardo is no
It's alright. Too bad you had to see this game.
I wish karma would come back to you already, but it hasn't.
Would like to pause to remember how awesome #socialmedia is & how awesome my connections are ;) #shamelessplug on how cool my life can be!
your walkup music? Did you lose a bet?
Lmao! Josh Hamilton sliding on the tarp!!!! Awesome!!!!!!
I don't understand people who instead of helping a local buisness see its flaws and become better choose to trash it in a public forum.
but thers no guarente I wrote mor lyrics to robs new shit it aint done but im workin
"This beat go perfect with my belt."
i'm fine buddy :D and you?<3
What's the difference between a Creative DIrector and an Art Director ?
Right?!! RT : Ha ha! "How did we live before Twitter?"
i know, i will need it - at least I am goign in with my eyes wide open
Yes. This. RT : Greinke has to man up today and get this series win. They desperately need it.
Just took a peak at the calendar. Looks like my birthday is in 5 days.
Is it me? or is every male battle that's not on just getting more and more trash? Quality wise!!
R.I.P Biggie, one of the greatest rappers of all time
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet
It'd be cooler if the sidewalk lit up.
I know! Hence, I'm really glad you are talking!! =D wish I could be there.
i dont got one yet but when i have one ill follow
You know it's going to be super cold tonight, and it's only going to get worse...just saying, who doesn't like to be warm???
Happy National Tourism Week!!! I've been in this industry for 22 years in some aspect or another and love it!
Dave from on today from 11-noon! Let's hear what they're bring to this show June 2nd!
thanks for the follow.
How is it that you sometime somehow always end up with one of my ex's or someone I used to like?!
Is your honey do list to long ? Call Mr.D's we'll help you finish all those pesky tasks before the holidays,and your house we'll look great.
I'd be a cool ass probation officer lol
lets go mets i remember that as a kid growing up in queens
hey sarah would you follow me!?(:
When it comes to getting ready in the mornings, I HATE GUYS. I wish I could wake up 5 minutes before I had to leave.
RT: Morning Peeps. Start of another week and we got some stuff to move you. New ...
But what will we do with all the guns? Maybe I can go to gunsmith school and then make art with my skills? More sustainable?
Sick I ain't go to school 2day
": sounds like a plan! We'll have a girls night out." Chuck's in for quite a good time :)
Farewell Dawkins. One of the best Eagles of all time. Hands down my favorite.
Thanks! RT Great article! Lex needed this! Story on the most influential Lexington tweeters: bit.ly/p3jrz5
Also, I hate when that man bumps his nose on the mic over and over.
How much does one ugly bastard usage to ducking studder god damn i hate him I can't wait to get away from him
Welp, I won't be updating my music for a while :/
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed is trending in Milwaukee. This is funny because I GUARANTEE mutual followers will be mentioned! Lmaooo
i know you love beyonce, whats the point? lol
Actually i miss levi i havent had a good smack on the ass in a while haha
I hate waking up in the middle of the night feeling like something just happened. It makes me soo paranoid.
30 GB's of free storage at glidedigital.com - so cool!
haha I forgot I did that. Good times. Miss you too bff
Dayum wtf is up with me today
How do you call out the Supreme Court...didnt you read your constitution...we have 3 bodys of legislation Mr Pelosi..i mean Obama
Policies should improve infrastructure and tackle social, economic, cultural + legal factors inhibiting walking and cycling
I have never seen so many fucking scum bags in my life! There had to be 4500 people there and there were only about 7 girls that were hot!
Cut myself shaving lol
oh alright that's fine! I'll show you the worksheet I need tomorrow in class :)
The sad thing is that I got it to 92% and then recorded more shows last night. Egads! My DVR begins to stress me out.
beer me!
can't dispel the sense of purgatorial hopelessness. It's "buhs" all the way down.
"Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat."
Evidently I'm wrong. The Valentine's Day Wedgie is NOT actually a well-known tradition. :(
Remember when dude CLEAN got stabbed mutiple times? Lol
No homo LOL
i blame our inept qb more than rex. Oh how i would love to have both mannings in ny next season.
Just noticed a great new piece about gaming in the library that mentions ! Go B'more!
You may be following us on Twitter, but have you visited our Facebook and LinkedIn pages yet?
My influence is clearly spreading. Just think of all the wonders of pedantry!
Passover/Easter brunch was amazing!!!
same here. round/day2 at the DMV today "/ ..i need a DMV hook up lol
thank you for following me. Good luck with your cadidacy for ED.D, docprov
Build your hopes on things eternal!
Who else was late to work/school this morning and needs an IV of coffee right now?
work on it.
My favorite alternate anagram for the #OSCON button game: "ass epic free hen"
If yiu still don't think soccer will catch on in the US, I suggest you listen out my window in NYC or check out my twitter feed. Pandemonium
Watching family guy......hilarious dude
We're expanding again!! Demand requires it & growth is a beautiful thing, especially in this economy.
I'm an over acheiver, so how about i start a team of leaders and pick up stevie wonder to be the wide receiver
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Loading day! We begin rehearsals for ART at the Cultural Arts Center today Preview Fri evening, 2/10. Official opening on Sat, 2/11
Getting ready to go to a graduation party for one of my girlfriend's friends. Why do I feel so old? haha!
researching CIA mind control experiments in the 60's. Very Interesting.
Shawty go hard concrete
iPhone users thought we was special lol U can still b LAME usin whatever phone u use! What's da debate about?
he is going to play 3B. The news just said he doesn't like it, but he is going to do it...
": Morning peeps!" <> Morning
us too! No big plans... kind of like that way. :)
Followers, if you can hear me please ReTweet this! I'll explain why in a little bit...
It feels too long since we've held a zine reading. Without Sprout, where shall we read?
Today's Soups: Chicken Rice & Cheezy Broccoli
Outlaw Thursdays tonight at LaSalle Power Co. $2 Bottles, $2 Burgers and SUBURBAN COWBOYS! Corner of Illinois and LaSalle!
u tasted great mixed with cranberry pomegranate over ice.
miss talking to you doll! Hope all is well with you!
": In a close race, getting drunk and vomiting beat out baseball for becoming Americas favorite past time."
Sorry i'm soo late and lame. But have a Happy Birthday!! ~Cathyxx
It's a lovefest of great mutuality. And Darryl, thanks about the site. It's getting there!
Apartment culture will never make sense to me. And neither will landlords. However, I'm pretty sure I will rent4lyfe
3ds = Too Good
I'm excited about tonight....thanks
Nathan is precisely the kind of innovative new blood GOP needs. What an indictment of local GOP...
In a mood
Check us out on Facebook! Search for Slyder Football and "Like" It.
So here is my recommended double feature: Tampopo and Big Night.
Follow me
For some reason, this year, I am not very excited for the holidays.
Night 2 of #AnchorAuditions on News at 10. This should be a good one.
Heading to ramp going fishing
Don't ask god to guide your footprints, if you're not willing to move your feet
And it's just too bad you've already had the best days... the
Check out Boom One Sound System's EP "Japanese Translations in DUB"
pork belly is done cooking. smells good. wish I could eat it now, but must wait til tomorrow. yum.
Joe on Twitter. Awesome!
Shout out to my new followers!! I appreciate yall!! Much love!
Donovan Day in the city of Boston tomorrow #DONOVAN's
I got a,few feat check them put also,leave comments on YouTube please. Appreciate it. Means,a lot to me.
A great night out! First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival premiere LAC DU FLAMBEAU this Tues!
AGH. omfg. editing is so hard. :\
Sickest mash-up dj out there!
Thanks for the follow!
I KNO yah'll ain't in da same house tweeting on some don't be a menace type ish!!! Lol
If you're looking to multiply your money, I suggest you pick up some shares of penny stock " LUSI.OB " Mark this tweet!
yes keeping my fingers crossed! :) x
What a passive aggressive punk. Taking pics of something that annoys him for a yr w/o saying a thing & then gets snooty with my wife.
RT : glad this Dodgers press conference started with Mayor Villaraigosa and Councilman Reyes. That's who we all came to hear.
Omg I can't wait till college
Average click through rate online is 1% - 3% but great is 3%-5% - Strive for Great!
a running store in cincinnati
Surly Abrasive has sold out online, we should have more in next week. Please check back, Thank you!
Talking about the clippers curse Chauncey Billups is out for the remainder of the season!
Adorable no matter what's on your head! RT (un)distinguished made it. Don't u just love it?! Never looked better!
I can never sit still
Watch for us on State Street around 11am today during Busking for Books. We'll be the people carrying the bags of vinyl records!
Omg #TeamAdam has this!
Can't believe I just used the word "synergy" in an email
oh well me queiro you too.
oh you're lovely!! have to say again you are looking amazing miss!! Don't think I'm coming tonight Hun x
I don't think we would. At all. No one would. That's why wars start, and why people die.
At school bout to get my learn on #beauty n
At a point where I know it is best to take my friends advise even though my heart it begging me not to.
Welcome to Queens, NY where my LGA airport hotel happens to be a lesbian sports bar.
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone who showed up at any of the Artists' Bloc Downtown events, last week!! Awesome work, great feedback!!
Hey, suddenly something ' happened and I got connected. Hey tweeps.
hahahha, i forgot like half the dance for the flash mob....hahaha
I thought at first you typed "crack radioactivity" - I'm only slightly less confused now.
Up a little early but had a good breakfest. And watching the news... Well now that's just to adult for me
If you're not looking at "anchoring" versus zones you're missing out on a great way to play. Especially vs 2-3, 1-3-1
2.When go to an interview is believed the center of the universe,
When my IU loving son discovered Yogi Ferrell is being coached in HS by a John Calipari disciple, his opinion of Yogi dropped. HA
SERGE IBAKA! the man!
4 of my students will be playing on DEUS EX MACHINA at Dionysus Lounge in an hour.
Kinda bummed that I missed out on a girls party today because I was under the weather. But I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
You honestly think the #Orioles organization is trying as hard as they can to win?
Wonder If Ever Got Her iPhone ? Lmao
Hey Guys this Sunday is the 1st day of Startingpoint Apex!!
what a world, what a world.
They should do that with the football teams too
Tonights goal was to be emotionally stable yet Annie is making us pregame to #adele and
this is a very pretty photo......you're so beautiful.
Watching the rain inside and thanks to the wind, it has changed directions at least 50 times. Wow ! That's a heavy storm !
Thanks so much !!
hopefully...This weirdo gets her tatt today and stop procrastinating geez
Enjoying lunch with and at
Comedian on David Letterman tonight was very funny!
Going to for lunch today..What's the best choice?
Karaoke now every Wed & Thu @ the Early Dawn Bar Great Karaoke Bar On 1000 Kanses ave,Modesto,Ca
I just watched at least 7 episodes of #MDK and I may now be a lesbian and/or aspiring chef. But I know I'm definitely a drunk.
Got mine already! MT : Only 6 tickets remain for our Aug 21Friarhood group. Get ur tickets www.padres.com/promo code: Friarhood
Make sure to get to Suede Lounge before 10:30pm to take advantage of the $30 wristband for all you can drink all night.
We now have a pool on our back porch... No big deal.
yes you do
Strong Bad WAS my inspiration for that title!! XD
i wish G was off! i hate his schedule this week. missing my big day.
Thanks fo the Follow. Fear-Based living (or selling) is a huge problem. Keep up the good work. JRQ, "The Love-Based Leader"
RT : Scott's Submarine is featured in and scores high www.myndapp.com
COME CHECK OUT www.theeroticchallenge.com... ARE YOU THE HOTTEST GIRL AROUND? LETS SEE IF AMERICA AGREES!!! SIGN UP
Home has vastly different meaning for many Africans | Your online ...
Yes, I will definitely be making it over to there at some point!
Channeling my inner Sydney Bristow at the
I am always looking for great acting tips for myself and to share with others.
Probably not productive, but funny. RT Assem Hansen's put-down of PPA lawyer has become the highlight of the hearing
Agreed. You need critical mass, and that mass has to come from somewhere.
it sucks having no one to talk to..
hi billy, saw your tweet - check us out! we only work with higher ed. our mobile site works well on Android for time/task entry
RIP #Don Cornelius. Soul Train was a great show.
Love this!!!!! And I can't wait to see your "I <3 the Oxford comma" t-shirt.
#15peopleilove She's so nice to talk to and a great friend! also a great writer as well :)
haha, yeah totally the best! :D
LOLOL i just noticed that i forgot the "_" on your last mention! or imma seeing things ? lolol
I remember when washing your mouth out with soap was punishment RT : Wow kids are now drinking hand sanitizer to get drunk.
Pliny the elder and poker.....just amazing.
I HATE when it does it, so fucking much
In the process of getting pink and teal highlights... hopefully my family will still love me
That's the best example in modern ball -- well chosen! (Still plays tough teams from other conferences, but yes, you're quite right)
Waiting to hear if I have to fly to Mexico this weekend to shoot a commercial!
How tall is Barea.
? ...have you been ignoring me?
I wanna cry of how tired I am. I've worked 60 hours in 5 days and I'm about to have a breakdown. :'(
My dad is living in California.I lived in England also.My mom has a company thats huge:]
That was an interesting throw.
not even close, Louisiana
what's up D?
"No matter where you are, know that my love is never far" #Np Lyfe Jennings, I Will Always Love You
Merry Christmas to all
Light a nice one up n hit the buffet
": i'm not supposed to be within 50 feet of a school......or a chucky cheese."
2 big wins in goal tonight :) 9-2 in the first game, 4-2 win in shootout for the second. Still alive in playoffs
My Niggas Trapping Just To Pay The Bills
Pancake week continues at all Sunny Street Cafes citywide! Today's feature - Chocolate Bonanza Pancake (Chocolate done three ways) All Day!
I like to start my day with coffee, oatmeal, one black cat purring in my ear, and the other sleeping on my lap.
RT : Is this unacceptable, even if dog was "comfy?" ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?
Quick trip to the gym before the #Sixers game. These 7pm starts suck.
Austin sprints for outrigger canoe. It feels so incredibly early for a saturday.
Does anyone else experience at once profound joy & profound sadness when reading Audre Lorde? Black lesbian mother poet warrior. Deep love.
Happy #MothersDay to some great moms (and supportive friends)!
About to go take my last final for the semester.
how r the boys?
you're so cute! Love you! Is seeing anyone? He is Super cute! ;)
Something is wrong when you are eating ricotta cheese out of the tub like a wombat
We're now on #Google Plus! If you're on add us to your circle! Hope to see you there!
That's what I said, early 80s Martin Starr. Everyone knows he's had two glorious phases in time.
I hope we can talk soon, don't be afraid to tweet me when I'm in school okay? :) Love u so much :***
finally show time today! So nervous... hope I do well! =) <3
Start your engine its Daytona 500 Time The Anchor Bar..
New Costume Adult Sexy First Class Captain Pilot Costume
rookie closers will age RV fast. Fun stuff.
You wanna wear push-up bras & heavy make-up while dancing with Bill Cosby?
I love my Saint Thomas Goons
Who's coming to 's concert in LA? :D
Good luck on exams today!
#Foxtrot automates data clean-up within Excel workbooks. Need to change names from all CAPS to Proper Format in seconds? Foxtrot can help!
Have an hour for lunch? Come to 19th and K for a quick or long massage. Go to www.massagedc.com and get your $10 off coupon.
lol random moment sorry :)
ugh I love it there. But no snow, right?
That stonergirl twitter is fucking dumb.
congratulations Mom Hedgehog Librarian! What did she receive her degree in?
A #Gemini is, perhaps, the most exciting, adventurous companion you will ever know.
Chris you've done it again". The cg4 Illusione maduro is the best cigar ever with coffee IMHO. # thesmokeringisking
This is accurate, I expect alot more,I just hope they step it up before it's too late,their florida was not that bad tho!:)
At my desk. (@ Webb PR HQ)
I love to write. What i really truly enjoy is inventing things, but who says "hey i want to be an inventor". I don't think i know anyone...
Wow they called wale , ace hood on mediatakeout today smh
Party going on aka Dwirty Dwiana. and are giving out free sandwiches come join
I just have second thoughts about ths, to much drama and immature people!
Got to meet Kimberly Altic Lingenfelter and her beautiful daughter this morning! What a nice family :D
I've already finished my first book in 2011: Julia Cameron's The Creative Life. Rereading Jonathan Strange. Ordering Tale of Genjii.
It's good knowing tht there's part Latin in my blood no wonder y I could under stand wht there saying 50% of the time haha :)
its amazing isn't it<3
A Maps4Kids "did you know?": More than half of the coastline of the entire United States is in Alaska
Someone needs to post a picture of Scottie Pippen wearing a baseball hat courtside. Anyone else see that?
OK! :D thanks Josh!(:
Bitch i'm going in
just fyi class is optional today if traffic is terrible!
I absolutely can not fall asleep if my feet are covered.
Good to hear ate lunch at today. Now how about a side of Congressional representation with that sandwich?
hahaha yes his bowtiess! love them :D
Seriously Pandora, is anyone awake over there? DeBarge is similar to Earth, Wind & Fire?! Why? Because they are black? They're nothing alike
Minute Maid Smashin' Strawberry Juice is where its at!!!!!!!
Using God-given talents and gifts for self-serving purposes always end up destructive for the creature. Pride self destructs.
Thanks to all who attended our first session today - about to start Quantitative Legal Prediction w Dr. Daniel Katz
"Angels Cry" - The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus :3
i love my twitter friends, i wish i had more<3
of course! Saturday is going to be filled with nervousness
My granddad is lieing his ass off lol he 2 funny he cant lie
Twestival is April 30th @ Boulder Brooks Landing, 955 Genesse St. $10 @ the door including drink tix starting @ 6p. Should be a great time.
I hear you. In the US, it's the dictatorship of the coasts. <aside>Loved your "Separatists unite!" email sign today</aside>
This new shampoo makes my hair so soft ! Omg
Thanks for following. I'm happy to connect!
Consider: if the players get the owners to concede on the system issues in favor of #50/50 or #53/47, but get to loosen the luxury tax
You are a great entertainer, good vocab, sports knowledge sub-par, highly disappointed in how religious you are
RT : #credibility Tip: invest in professional qualifications
I didn't insist :p, "none" is also a valid answer.
Let's go Milwaukee Bucks! Going to the game? Stop in for dinner before the game! (we open at 5)
Order your party trays early for Christmas!! Place your order today!
I LOVE U GUYS 2
I want to be
have fun out there!!! merry xmas to you all miss ya give a big hug for me!!! <3<3
hopefully! I have a doctors appointment tomorrow, hopefully it goes ok :/
Oh, you're wanting to take me up on that offer?
When religion results in unity, it's great. When it results in divisiveness and quarrel, not so good.
Finally, this final project is done! I can't wait to see everyone's addition to the map. Hopefully it looks great!
thanks for hanging up on me when I called customer service to see where my package is. That's logistics! Your service department sucks
yes... that's a challenging one for sure... but well worth the effort!
Ever had a medicated version of a GS Thin Mint Cookie? Minty-O's for a flavor explosion in your mouth & a soothing calm for your brain.
Today will be the first time in my last 6 trips that I'll arrive in St Martin on something other than a ship
I know! Craziness! I hope the pay is decent
possibly, another again today sub' different class i got moved ..i seriously dunno' why lol
An artist must be free to choose what he does, certainly, but he must also never be afraid to do what he might choose. -- Langston Hughes
I have panic attacks every time I go to the supermarket/drugstore bc I'm overwhelmed by choices.
keep it cold! and enjoy your day.
she flipped on you for no reason today.. and she never ever yells at anyone else for eating....lol
haha awesome. Good times with cast and cats! Lol
( would hope so. It's absolutely his choice.
:) how r the butterflies?
ube macapuno ice cream is the best kind of ice cream.
when do you need them by?
Is it tho? Not really.
I'm in the mood to get wastey pants tonight..
The fuckd up thing about my birthday is that a nigga gots to go to the dame docter.
I have a stalker.....no joke.....I'm scared
Tv shows can be so dramatic
Curious about patents, trademarks or copyrights? Get an Intro to Intellectual Property today @ 5pm in the Homer Rice Center, 2nd floor east.
Yup! I usually toss these out; not sure why I thought twice this time. Canned spam it is; even the email read as prefab.
You're cool. Stay cool this summer. Next year will be AWESOME!
will he be eligible second semester next year?
Somewhat new ladies fitted tshirt drops today!!!! Get ready
especially when they are as boring as
DaReal_DjKenzo is my nameon the ps3 hit me up on black ops
about time ! No more blackberry !
How in the world did Saved By the Bell make it past season two? It is like pure garbage. Just a
I'm on right now!! But you didn't accept yet! Lol whenever you're on Skype send me an IM on there! [x<3
thought of you while we ate salt lick tonight. Wudda taken a photo but in rush to EAT DEliciousMess 4got device.
Unbeatable Price Sale will be available for 2 more days!!!!! Hurry and catch these amazing deals!! :) Up to 70% off on select items!!
I'm going to be strong for my mom because she needs me now more than ever. <3
need any help with the move?
I was hungry... So I ate an apple... But now I'm more hungry...
I got so many things I wanna do in life... Can u combine em all into one thing?
o well lets trend it! :)
On-the-Go Viewing of Vehicle Videos Hits the Fast Lane
So much fun with , and tonight. Love them.
M ace pear cider!
Please check out the incredibly hot 's "Rock Show" video!
Someone's paying attention....sharing our articles before they've even hit inboxes :) Consider us impressed!
MILE HIGH CITY STAND UP (:
Philly philly philly here I come
"Ladies & gentlemen please dont panic. But scream. SCREAM FOR YOUR LIVES ARE IN DANGER!!"
Thanks, Ressa. See ya.
Your the best man ;)
When creating content to build community keep in mind that if u don't think your content is cool either will they
Was McGhee just whistled for tickling?
Web site authority discussion related to recent, naive Museum News article "Let Us Now Praise Museum Authority"
you lost 25 pounds? Holy shit. That is a big number. How did you do it?
right? Like all I want is a picture
Sure wish that "luck" tennis pundits say Fed has would show up for some of these "random" draws. Sheesh. Go Roger!
RT : Nope! It is #backupthursday after all. I'm heading to the office shortly. Well that's a relief
See, all I wanted was a touchdown. But yeah, that game's gonna have some fireworks.
are sad.
lol nigga you BEEN followin me . what you mean nf ?? yo ass better text me too .
i always seem to wake up wit scratches and shit all on my arms!!!!
yeah! Still stoked about the movie.
The decision has been made.... :)
finish strong PT. Get that piece of paper and let me know when you get back home we have work to do
What did the rest of the team do?
Time for a little GOOD NEWS: The girl we reported missing earlier (Zoe) has been found and is now safe at home with her family! ;-}
because your an ass hole! You have no idea what you actually want. And you really have no idea what love is!
Will they ever learn
Did you finish the first one?
#GymPetPeeves The guy who sings The Killers' Mr. Brightside while lifting.
Agreed! RT : I'm liking this new look nuggs team.
Ikea is always exhasting! However, it was lovely to explore another Brooklyn neighbourhood with buddies.
": CaliBaja joins Twitter "
In some room at the RAVE getting ready to meet Pauly D!!!
Dems and MSM call it flip-flopping if it's Romney; if Obama, it's "evolving."
Sorry folks, but the Jeremy Lin chat with is canceled due to some unexpected travel issues. Working to reschedule now!
A life without having Jesus is a difficult one.
"I'll get Showtime ghetto, but I won't get this ghetto." Ahaha I love
Yep. Ever see Tim Conway's "old man"? That was me leaving the gym after a total lower-back takedown. Crawling was an option.
The police are here finally.
Swimming laps is 10 bajillion times harder than running miles. fer serious
It's Twitter. You can never 'tweet' too much. This isn't Facebook. #watdafuckilooklike?
A reporter just told me I'm good at my job. Chuffed.
I am on there.
Really miss tweeting with you Carli :) This is how we got our start after all. I hope you're feeling much better tonight! :-)
Can we please ban people who stand up and read, head burried in the pages, their paper in a monotone voice? #AAA09 15 mins of my life- gone.
nope. got shake shack.
Arthur Laurents wrote the ORIGINAL book #WestSideStory & directed this version which builds more on the emotion than any before
Excellent work by the Future Trend group at Eefke and other on the group! Lot's of good data
Do you have more details on this position? Your tweet was cut short.
A televised 3 way with plenty of Santorum.
Our Favourite line : London Weight Management (:
Watching rocky... This muthafucka got his ass beat n every fight b4 he won
lol what do you normally drink?
SO to for getting nominated again for the Hobey! Couldn't happen to a nicer kid.Time for UW's 2nd win
#BOYFRIENDReview your voice is so good
Dang! When did Starbucks drinks go up. I just paid over $5 for a coffee!
Ever sign on to some #social #media site and end up on some random #profile 10 minutes later, wondering how you got there?
Ohh I have a pimple on my face!!!! Just one !!Ohh shit .....
i passed out on her floor and she droped a whole bag a chips on me. had no idea till i found crumbs in my hair this morning.
y the fuck is it so cold
I love cartoons :)
Good job today!
Belly is full, comfy clothes are on, everyone is napping, Xmas tree is lit, cozied up by the fire with a new book...holiday bliss!
Teixeira really gotta get his batting avg up...
LA has taught me a thing or two,I.E.Don't date the most beautiful girl in the world,date the girl that makes your world the most beautiful.
Our new SAT Prep session will be starting on February 5, 2011. Please call our school for more details! :)
Just finished watching hitchhiker's guide and sketching a new character design. On to more artwork!
Catching up on season 5 of Californication because I have free Showtime. Show is great to begin with, but adding RZA to the cast? Awesome!
2 pages per day can generate enough writing to easily get tenure
So when are you and Ricky Three Stacks meeting up for your celebratory circle jerk? Enjoy your 15 seconds.
come here baaabeeee.
no one really had any ideas for me, so I think I might start my own.
search for a QA Manager
Ur so annoying leave alone god
The lady across the hall tried to rob a department store
MIAMI @ DALLAS ON X-MAS, MIAMI CRUSHED DALLAS
Get well soon, Mr. Caine!!!
Out of Raven dollars? That's okay! We'll pay YOU...with good music from & Two Cities. Happening tonight See you here!
thats what I wanna know
Who knows. Maybe Underwood refused to play in the secondary so Bill cut him for not buying into the #Patriots Way.
my pleasure ... keep me updated!!
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Janet - Doesn't Really Matter
: Looking for... I know a great guy, or two. Reliable older guy, in particular who has done residential work for my partner & I.
So my mom went to jail
That's a sweet shot of schadenfreude, not you gotta let it ride baby
Sean Payton has been suspended for 1 year. Tim Tebow is a Jet.
Latin Night @ Sky Lounge! 2nd St. & Washington.2 Story Night Club. Party All Night!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top 40
Do not attempt to run on Francoeur!
Any composers out there using a licensing site where you upload your music to be used for TV/Film? Pros/cons?
Studies show that #fruits and #veggies make you cuter! How awesome it that!
solid desire for any day. Happy birthday and good to meet you Friday!
^NB I can help, what r u trying to do? Share files?
So....did the Orioles win?
throw it already
OMG!!! It looks awesome!! Give yourself a big pat on the back, hard work pays off girlfriend, wishing you much success with it!
Misery loves Company... and that bitch is not Invited!
Eh fuck it. Tired of this shit. Will I live I dunno. Lets fine out.
Time for stitches!!!! Peace! Lol
that's a wonderful reason my u should post a cover soon ;)
attempted to give Bean a pill w/ pill pocket treats. apparently the pockets only work w/ a cat sized pill, not pills as big as Spree candy.
I miss the Sonics so much after that horrendous game. Plus It took 45 minutes to get a brew & dog
STS Executive Committee is meeting virtually for the first time - about 25-30 members. Fingers crossed for better than complete chaos! :)
North Park...San Diego.
I always be Fallin asleep when I do that
someone take me somewhere Saturday.
found a fart joke in a William Blake poem. I'm taking the rest of the day off.
im dancing to the harry potter dubstep on tuesday at work.
Your about to be in 10th grade. How can you be so immature?
Just got part of my tax return back, watch out
once again, the price of change is paid on the bodies of women.
Oklahoma Home Repair (405) 821-2597 Visit oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for our educational post on home insulation. . . or just call us!
"Everything i says isn't funny" HahahaHahaha
Our relationship was built on lies all lies nothing else
Make your viddy something sexy. Whatever it is you know we're gonna love it <3 :)
This game almost gave me a heart attack!!!! GO REBS RT Moser, No. 14 UNLV get past No. 13 San Diego St fb.me/12I1c8v7Y
Today marks the 6th anniver. of my sister's murder by her husband. Join my FB group Stop Domestic Violence - Lisa's Page to raise awareness.
Thank you! You too!
RT I think it's a remix for Gin @ Juice with Dr. Dre, Jay Z and Lil' Wayne.
I just want you to know that you deserve the best, you're beautiful
Hmm...might have just had an interesting idea for a Capstone. Now I just have to somehow figure out how feasible it is.
I just saw the commerical for my episode of toddlers and tiaras!
Thanks for the follow Cooks Hangout (CooksHangout)! :)
RT! We hope every1 had a great Thanksgiving! Don't forget we will be opening at 4PM 2morrow! We look forward to seeing everyone!
and I maaaaayyy be putting up a song on the interwebs in a bit here...if we could figure out this software! Watch out for it!
Lob city bitch, lob lob city bitch... This is MEMPHIS! We grind here!
Glad it's Friday night, had a wonderful dinner with my wife at Crazy Water, time for some sleep. :)
what would be your idea of a perfect tour? (TAP included of course!! :D)
Everybody just feels like they can relate...
Ppl Go follow his just an amazing person u wont regret following him lets help him reach #5OOkfollowers!?
1/2 Friendship struggles are often swept under the rug, trivialized, or ignored. At , we think they deserve a whole book!
Responding officer reports, "It is a big turtle." Approx. 40 pounds. Aggressive. Wants animal ctrl to come.
I Wanna Talk To Her..Smh I Swear I Be Fuckin Up Sometime..
tickets to our show on the 27th at cervantes! Go to facebook.com/onetoomanyshots to get ahold of us so one of us can deliver tickets to you!
- Best performance!!Congrats on your 1st baby!! :)
Done following. Follow back
whatever became of tina from season 2? She was always one of my faves
not from a reputable firm. I'd rather have a "boring" accountant checking my books than a graphic designer.
I love shopping at Such a good store :3
brie now it's 11:18!
": Possible "win and in" games on Saturday: N.C. State (at Clemson) and Dayton (vs. UMass)."
ha - if Hamels got hit with a 50-day suspension from testing who would be shocked?
Monday #Marketing Tip: Is it cold at your #dealership? Consider keeping a stash of heavy coats on hand for unprepared customers.
hook it up!!
Over/Under on the number of times you said "1-800-636-8686" during #SmackoffOnAMobile2? Let's set the line at 35...
So busy playing this last month! So much fun! Time to balance life with work again? Maybe! But would rather continue to purge my house!
Not in the loop with Snippets? Sign up at www.clefnotesjournal.com/subscriptions
go Rangers lol
can i just start life over please.
I had an incredible time at the #FemalesinComedy Convention. I have work to do, but at least I have a plan
CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE....AND IT'S NOT EVEN MY BIRTHDAY (MY BIRTHDAY)!!!!...:)...:)...:)
Is 10:09 pm to early for bed? That's ok, I was born a bum
Apparently I missed Joe Biden backing gay marriage. But go Joe!
Sunny day!!
TARHEELS!! ": President Obama attending a fundraising dinner at Vince Carter's home. #vinsanity"
Yeah, I mean he's never been anything more than average. If Santana is going to catch so much he's going to get worn down.
Of course I missed the only bus and my cab is now taking forever.
#YEE you have a cute smile
Yeah, I just instagrammed a picture of a piece of paper. Suck it.
Artician will be back up in a few hours
The World Series of Poker will hold a tournament with a ridiculous $1 Million buy-in per player. 30 people have signed up already.
is hanging out with Uncle Jesse and the Tanners.
I was hoping you'd say stop what... So I could say stop being perfect.(:
you're damn right I am.
Good morning cruel world. What's next?
doubles down on clean energy so we stay ahead of China to help our economy grow
Portland Farmers Market at PSU Opens 21st Season on March 17!
Wouldn't be great if we held monthly event at the stadium 4 our fallen heros/sons & daughters that have died 2 protect our country!!
tell Juan I said what's up!! I sent u some tracks to work on!
Agnes been mad hype for the past 3 hours..keeping me from my damn nap -___-
imitation is the best flattery, but he'll never be you.
Come out to the Sigma Chi House for our cook out supporting Huntsman's Cancer Institute!!!
If anyone needs me today, I'll be passed out in the backyard.
no ma'am it came out of The Oldest Book in the Worl: " The Teachings of the Ptahhotep" written 2575 BCE-2551 BCE
Takin the fam to disney on ice - front row, hope they like it!
that sounds delicious
Hey and I think I need a shot of root B4 going to the gym with
Ok LeBron you won another MVP award but when are you gonna live up to it and actually get a ring?? just wondering
Woods, McIlroy headline acts at - SPORTSMAX TV : No Games, Just ...
Dad: *Points to guy with long dark hair and tattoos* "Look it's Kohl! He missed you soo much that he drove all the way out here to see you!"
If you're looking for a little something on the side, try some of our onion rings.
True. I'm moving in with you. RT : well you haven't been to florida... RT : I'm hated everywhere I go.
#SaySomethin was so amazing! I'm waiting for the replay, it's such a good song! :)
Time to #thunderup! Good luck guys!
good luck on prom #shopping!
ThermoEnergy Issues Clean Coal Technology Reminder for Earth Day - MarketWatch (press release)
So today was hectic. Such a Rollor coaster of emotions. I was exited,disappointed,sad,happy,and sick all in one day. I'm glad I'm better now
First day in the kitchen at Coast in Santa Barbara... Anybody in the area should come by, got some specials in the works for dinner
Thanks for the retweet! Natural always taste better!
Are you guys ever going to talk about Major League Baseball?
I highly recommend Steny's...they run 2 small shuttles & a bus and go in via Canal St, so no delay getting there.
MBA student/working professional showed up in B-school before 9:00 this morning. No power at home; needed spot for a conference call. Done.
what celeb do you think would marry me???
The Basma Hameed Clinic is donating Areola Reconstruction to Breast Cancer Survivors*Avon Walk June 2-3
must I think of everything?!
The Promo Video for my Upcoming Single: "Rehab" will be on Youtube Next Sunday!!! It will be shot in LAX, Beverly Hills, Hollywood & More.
that looks great!
Yes - Traffic Manager - read the description! :-)
Nice profile
Off to work, then dinner with the family and more unpacking tonight...
we'll be at #bbc12 in Indy. Planning pre-conference and post conference events at breweries for attendees as well.
i want mac&cheese </3
Having some really insanely close races in Ridge Racer 3D...
Badgers should get a 4 seed. #selectionsunday!
That was a test to see if your a last word freak failed
they get HD yet?
Anyone have tips for a friend taking the office support WI civil service exam? Not a a lot of resources out there.
pop lock and drop it
yes bro!
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A. A. Milne
Because for whatever reason, the phone makers don't want to upgrade. They want to sell you a new phone, only they don't make ICS fones
Just cast my vote for ! Let's win Indiana for liberty on Tuesday!
HaHa smart ass girl ...
im such a wishful thinker sometimes
Bye week this week wat m I gonna do w/out cane football
thanks for doing what you do! wish you the best with
i have to wake up early tomorrow..ugh this sucks
Just saw great show by Michael Lasater at
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
I loved Lola and the Boy Next Door. Do you follow your fans?
I'm still awake. Not a good thing.
RT Any 3M channel that shows a 20% or more lift in sales can attribute that growth to social media efforts
I want Soleil. pork chop. rice. boba for drink. and levy missions with Droidlights
White chicks is the best movie ever!
my brother put a car smelly thingy mugigy on the door knob to make it smell good...hes such a weirdo, i mean who does dat..haha:)
i remember the first time i heard the word BITCH on national tv, i was like Whaaaaaaa i can say it class now!!!
Can't take that sack. This 49ers pass rush is relentless
nandi im bored you got any ideas
That moment when a spider lands on you and you instantly become a ninja.
And I, for one, am glad you are, ! Where have you been?
It was great! Thanks for asking! :D How are you doing?
it's out already!?!?
hah same here victor!! Hah your a beast!!!
Put together a project Photo Album featuring my husband's awesome photos on Snapfish - entered it into Pioneer Woman's contest!
Maybe it's a glitch.
I can't stop. I wish that was a movie. Why can't we meet this man. Funny or die just became my favoritewebsite
Once I finish my roguelike, I think that'll be my next adventure!
see now thats your fault! Its not my fault that my dad had this car since before I was born and now it's a piece of shit:(
it's so true. Golf and I have a love/hate relationship most days.
Just the thought of moving into what God has planned next makes me want to pursue Him with even more passion! What about you?
amazing presentation by Aaron Koblin last night! www.aaronkoblin.com
Give credit where credit is due "Hofeddy"
GoGurt always makes me think of
enjoying your music! keep praisin! keep an eye out for my new christian hip hope album dropping in january : )
at least we aren't the only ones that think that about FRA. In the boy's locker room it says FRA sucks by the mirror
Winston Churchill.
Let's go Philly! Bring home the W!
Yesterday's birds by : br thrasher, rc kinglet, house wren, goldfinches, yellow warbler, yellow rumps, blue gray gnatcatchers
RT : Is outsourcing good for America? Thank you for acknowledging that outsourcing and offshoring r not the same
Thx for the follows all!
baby oh baby ily so much
It doesn't matter, we have to play the same, sacrifice and play hard for each other
I replied to your tweet but for some reason it didn't post. I'm not in Cali at the moment. I'm in Florida.
dude, the trend isn't girls who eat out too much. Hahahaha
Shouts out to all my new follwers fuck wit a real nigga yall got shit yall want me to put in rotation semd it to
Thanks for the tweet!
if its true its stupid
never cheat at all.
Just booked a driving lesson, explaining I'm 28 & my parents made me do this. I haven't heard such hearty laughter in a long time
Q7 No! It contributes to boxing people into convenient labels. I do understand the appeal for adults trying to help kids, but no.
That sounds like any other Tuesday.
in sorrow will you partake of them all the days of your life;
Yay! Score one for me. ;-)
Sittin here gettin tire fixed. Then tannin. Would love to do dinner or lunch with a friend. Stupid work. Takes all my friends away. ~pout~
Just a lazy day today. Might even watch some football.
Just bacon love my friends, bacon love.
Slaughtered Toy Story characters?
Awesome! Make some noise! RT : I was waiting 4 a mobile hackaton in Chicago... I'm in!
I hate kids who can't put together the shrine of the silver monkey.
Tell me what song you hate/don't like because it reminds you of your "EX"?
yes she is amazing. I don't think she has a personal twitter though. :(
Big thanks to and for a great week! And of course big ups to everyone who came out to support local comedy!!
Imma change for the better I promise that
Refuse to believe that ComedySportz exists until he sees their longform.
After work hours
Insanely cheap cheap cheap advertising rates for ANYONE looking to promote themselves on RichmondNightOut.com -call 955-7257 for more info
Loss to Lakeview Cent. In OT with a chance to convert 2on1 to win reg. still haunts me. LC went on to state final game.
The good news? Close to 70 Sunday & mid-70s on Monday. Who's ready?
Fantasy Football Draft starts.....RIGHT NOW!
All I want for Christmas is for it to snow ):
Do #OKCThunder fans really care so much about Ron Artest? Does it deserve a second thought?
? -> why is ole miss in a chick-fil-a kickoff game? really, why?
Alright #Brewers beasts! time to go pheast on these Phillies!
I can fuck with this orlando movement tho
..I know that if there's a purpose for life, it was for me to hear Mozart." - Maurice Sendak, RIP.
keep your head up!!! It will get better!
The most common trouble with advertising is that it tries too hard to impress people. James Randolph Adams
This OKC lakers game is good
The lemon is good too, but I prefer the orange.
Joining on shortly to discuss #13WHAM Special Report 2nite @ 8pm SYNTHETIC DRUGS: A GROWING TEEN DANGER
Reggie Bush claims he will lead the NFL in rushing this year. When did he become a comedian?
#ThingsWeAskGod2helpUsWith for Gaga to win a Grammy every year. Where was he this year? Bailing on us, man.
I don't sell dreams, I love all these betches
And I am home! Glad I didn't drive today!
LMFAO I couldn't help it and the funny thing is that she loves me lol
Stupid Republicans...
Crazy weekend... taking it easy tonight.....maybe
don't tell anyone... Patti Smith is in our office right now.
That creepy :((ah it's a creeper!!!
thank god for bon iver at the grammy's -- not a new artist by any means, but best speech of the night.
What 8-letter word has one letter in it?Envelope.
naturally, bro!
I have 3 F's. One in my 7th period. I didn't even want a stupid 7th period. Roar!
thank you stupid
If you were a Disney Movie what would you be called? Make up your own names, go! :)
The fact that people still shave when waxing is easy, affordable and painless!
see as long as u believe it ur good:)
Welcome to twitter! was holding it down for you guys.
Lotties Lounge will be open the night if Christmas eve. Limited food menu...limitless drink menu.
Thanks for the follow. Let me know if there is anything I can do for you or for your clients. Be sure to check me out!
Tune in THIS SUNDAY to Jawanza4Life!! Guests are LOU GOSSETT JR. and MARGARET "SHUG" AVERY! Listen online @ wclmradioonline.com 4-6pm est.
u ant cute lol
thanks! hope all's well!
UNDERSTORY!! Are you getting ready??? We have team leaders for Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse and Albany! August 17 at NOON!!
Yelping dentists is completely eye-opening and terrifying. Poor people trying to get clean teeth!
2 years, i'll be on #survivor, 2 years
Good luck!!
well here's the new feud!!!
whoops. they said new guy and I assumed it was you. my mistake.
RT : he's a great fighter!! <~ I agree!
I just landed here too.
New deli guy: "Why is that girl always yelling? : "Who? ? No. She's not yelling. That's just how she talks."
I can't make it to the conf. If anyone needs a ticket and is deserving, mine is up for grabs.
alright bro ..
The foolish and the dead never change their opinions.What should I change my opinion about. NOW? Do tell? So So Tired of this stuff.
Its alright, your ready for the night of your life stars will shine so bright
this man needs to lose at some point! Im voting for the underdog lol
And on another note, no more swear words. I use them too much/for no reason
Lmfaoo. Frank Got Me Cracking Up!
Yay! Let us know how it goes :)
We Only Argue When The Lakers On Ova Den Dat I'm Gettin My Marc Jacobs On
yes please(:
Are any other Mac users having trouble viewing PDFs from EBSCO or ProQuest in a web browser?
Dr. Who + scarves + Facebook + laughter + helping
I believe u were thinking something else & miss spoke in English. Hell, u do it all the time.Have a translator for awhile. Lol
We'll shake shake shake the night away...
Valentine's Day is 2 weeks from today. Dedicate a song to your special someone now thru 2/10 for a chance to have it played on
Ron Dimberg's lecture, "Perspectives on Contemporary Korea", TODAY! 11:00 @ Miller Center!
I believe it is ths worst thing. It's like having every meat except beef... wait, they don't have beef either.
the FCAT mind fucked me today O.o
Angela from GroupVisual.io - I love everything you presented! Especially the home spreadsheet. ( #Adobe Data Viz #breakthroughs)
Thanks for tweeting about the voting deadline, but it's actually *next* Monday (5/21), not today.
step away for a day and miss a match!
Just sent. Thanks!!
uh oh what happened?
lulz my bro is in LA for 4 days and he happens to go on the one day of the year there's a shitstorm.
Strategy, market and brand development call me!
I forgot my notebook.
I listened to your thing on the moth today!
Given that very few fire agencies actually do have civilian PIOs, I think a legitimate issue has been raised.
Two days left to save big on the Clear Admit Waitlist Guide! Receive 15% off purchase of the Waitlist Guide and School Guide til 5pm on 3/12
- promised no rain on our parade today! See you there.
always here brown toes.
Feeling really under the weather this close to graduation
"The biggest mistake you can make in life is to be continually afraid of making one."
My weekend will consist of writing, music & Netflix all so that my next weekend will consist of fun times with
Done! Happy Birthday Julie! Hope you have a great day (and it's Friday, so an even better night!)
Join us 2nite for fashion show to benefit Military Families Program at 7pm. bit.ly/9il9PS hosted by
oh dam
u think peeps go after him bc he always show up other players? If it was baseball he'd lead leagues in getting beaned.
that feeling when you find exactly what you were missing.
As a designer, I work with the most complex use case first, and then slim it down.
I can't think of any other reason to keep talking about it ad nauseum when they have made very clear they give not a shit.
Gets it--> RT : "AVI" could be a pseudo-scary M. Night Shyamalan movie that no one really understands.
I just got a spam e-mail from 1969.
A big thanks this morning to
Why the F is my 6 pound toy dog snoring like an man right now.! *light kick to the end of the bed* ah that's better
Lloyd Christmas, Cole Trickle, Brett Maverick, J2D2, John McClain, Tony Stark, Andy Dufrane or ....McLovin
Everyone tweet telling him to re-post his Nashville cover! <3
Shout Out to our Horns. Awesome game today.
Thank You Chula
Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch. Is that true fr everybody? Or just poetic bullshit.
thanks so much for the RT!
That took FOREVER. now time for rehearsal -_-
I must have missed it
that cheap?
we love that Irish pub. Great place for a
yea.. Anthony told me..what days n time?
Methinks you should share this homemade sweet tea recipe with the twitterverse.
thanks, love.
Give it time... Must admit I was tempted to sign up for an accnt when the app became available for Android. Now I'm glad I didn't.
I do.
Poll: what aspect of #photography would you most like to learn about? What questions do you have?
Thank you Texas A&M and NITLE for making today's #MLA2012 #dhcom workshop possible!
Haha carl edwards. Black flagged love it
You should, it changes your view on things. Read it so you guys won't think I'm crazy when I talk about it lol
"your not even white you're clear". "the 3 rings to a marriage engagement ring wedding ring and suffeRing".
I caught that too! RT : And you changed your username. :-) Tricky!
The realization that everyone is making it up as they go along, even the ones who look like they have it 'together.'
Awesome! Keep it up. How long have you been producing for?
Whoa! What happen to Magdayao? I'm not sad at all. I'm just curious.
thanks! I have a feeling I'm going to enjoy it
i am deffinitely nor functioning today...at all
Alright, up, getting stuff done...clearing my mind and spirit, etc. etc...
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Snow, Rain, and Ice. Oh my! what a beautiful mix. #NOT Gotta work with the weather.
in need of a frappe before going into my budget meeting tonight. must pick one up on the way. whole milk, full fat whip please.
how did your mom like it?
Loving family traditions this weekend! Keeps everything in perspective
All ages Fourth Friday Acoustic tomorrow at 6:30pm, here at the library. Bring your guitar or just come and listen!
Justin Ima Duude..But i still support ur music man!! aha can u follow me???
Check out our new blog! www.internshipconnection.blogspot.com
I still have 2 Rose Bowl tix to unload. $150 is face value for each.
Ooooweee! It is steamy out there today my little cowpokes! But it is refreshingly cool inside the Cow today and the $5 Texas Ritas! Giddy Up
#beforetwitter I jerked off with my right hand.
Today was awesome I basically spent the day with the hottest guys in school so fun!!! :)
ill miss you!
So I'm thinkin bout skate bordin at 2 a.m #ace world
wtf i need to stop believing in people.
Digging being back in conference mode ... with fine food and good people to sweeten the deal.
laughing at you
there is no explanation as to why this isn't working. No brand following required, should be simple check-in/shout
If I were GM, and also keeping in mind salary-management, I'm targeting Caron Butler, hometown guy and the #fearthedeer need scoring!
Going to be taking mom out to olive garden for Dinner. Looking forward to it.
you came a long long long long long
Blazin' a bowl for 4:20 and watching Ridiculousness :)
Watching sunset in the middle of the ocean, sipping on some Champagne
Slightly less evil (20 minutes in) landlord trying to force tenant to sign new lease (in the middle of the old one) forcing T to declaw cat.
Stairs would become the new Everest RT : What if everyone crab walked to get around?
The Fake Guy cheating my friend !
Beast Mode Click......Unleash the beast....we are ready to prowl!!
A reminder to delegates: your Pre-Primary Endorsement meetings are this weekend! More info at: www.sddemocrats.org/events.asp
I'm hungry.
Has anyone seen the cover of Men's Health this month? I see Zac Efron is in good health..
Foundational values of the Chicago pub lib were importance of community, the right to know, autonomy, advocacy
what was ettttt
I'm uploading it to, ugh, Myspace. I'll link as soon as they process it. I'll send you the album, I want you guys to have it.
good for u. It will be Xmas before you know it
Well done, Well done.
Thank you for joining Twitter! I look forward to your personal tweets! p.s. Dignity and class - you make our country proud
FT50 kicked my ASS! I am off from running till my IT Band recovers. This is very SAD, but I assure you... I will be back stronger than ever.
Arrived in #Rockland, #Maine! Playing Saturday & Sunday at the North Atlantic #BluesFestival w/ #cantwait #woohoooooooo!
link doesn't work
. I'm tired of the MSM making excuses for Mittens' campaign failures
I need to see that movie
alright. Im just used to you getting on your tippy toes and such :-) Lets meet up soon!
May we all remember what her life and death represents. Be your best each day as the next is not promised
Variety Show #5 tonight. New studio, new guests!
We love you guys!! <3
Its 3 am. And I'm exhausted. yet the computer calls. I hate technology
I'll be sure to, thanks! I've got a whole #LehighValley twitter list going
No official launch date determined yet. However, we may have a special 'pre-launch sale'. Guess we're gonna start off small...
i showed my mom that crop corset top from american eagle and she goes "where is the rest of it?" PMSL. HAHAHAHA.
Lies. Lies. Lies. I haven't been on twitter & when I just got on here shit was RT .. weak shit @ that!
So it would probably be counterproductive if I told you Link's Awakening is better and pestered you to play that, huh?
70p for a Newark advertiser! What a bargain
you'll have to let me ogle it in vt.
THAT'S IT! I am officially boycotting anything that has to do with vampires. Music, movies, TV shows. Everything. (...except vampire porn)
3 more points? Yes, please!
So, I have a work colleague who appears to wear a fake engagement & wedding ring during work events. Is this a thing? Why?
going forward our Ward Night is being extended to 8pm! Come stop by on Wednesday from 5:30-8:00pm.
Auto sales in Oregon were up nearly 14 percent last year. The national average was 11%. Lots of buyers at the Portland Auto show.
It's a listen to Bob Marley on Pandora and look outside at the sunshine and pretend it's 50 degrees warmer kind of day.
You have a beautiful website. I love it !
i can't find you D; r u even trying?
I want to see 2ChainZ but fuck Boulevard Nights, waitin on Khalifa June 1st @ the Riverfront, that's where its @ for me!
Lakers got swept!
She got that good good ;)
My fucking bus came early & my damn train was late so now I'm gone be late for work. Ain't this a bitch!?!
you'v NEVER had dimples nd plus yhu had a pic of yhur face on the side or whatever nd thats how i remeber yhu as
Same to you!! :) RT : thanks Boris :D happy holidays!!!!
No problem. Funny stuff.
That's really a cool story. This is also a testament to his ongoing connection with the brand!
- hope you're ignoring all the nonsense being delivered by the ignorant bandwagon fans. You're wanted. You're needed.
Random Thoughts: Is now the time to invest i
its you're lash
Thanks for the reminder, Shirley! I am now!!
I Don't Like remix on the radio ! Aye this Chi right? <3
Repeat, bc someone didn't hear me.Build the brand while supporting/nurturing community.Focus on both, that's what makes
RIP Jr Seau
If it ain't Money I ain't n budging!
So do I, dear. XD
and were awesome and very cute on All That and still are cute and awesome
Sit on it. Jerk.
yes! We are being patient but the communication here at the airport has been horrible. Coca Cola and salty nuts isn't cutting it
Heey, want to touch my follow button?;)
Alice James~ One has a greater sense of intellectual degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience.
Up at 5:45 ready for match
Lauren, I have thought of you every single day since your mishap and will continue to do so. Please be happy and well.
it should be right here on twitter. if you like it, tint your avatar orange.
This year's cataloguing class at Univ. of Lugano concurrent w/ ArtBasel and the Argerich Festival. Scrambling to work both into curriculum.
Well, humanity majors are pretty touchy people, so it usually took me about 4 beers before I asked why life should have any point at all.
Calculator...Checkbook and Pen in hand...Must be BILL time =P
I guess, its no harm in trying things one way & changing it later.
Can't wait to check out Harry Potter at Universal Orlando! The previews look amazing and I am so excited to see it in person! Counting down!
haha, that sounds about right. I was eating 3 TacoDeli tacos for lunch and 2 Torchy's for dinner for a while there.
will do. Do you do large panoramas in a gallery wrap style?
Metal Detecting UK 308 XP Deus - Two Everlasting Life Bronze Brooches - brooches
Leaving for the airport! No more cellphone, and probably little to no internet service once I leave. So......yeah. SEE YA. :)
Kidding aside, though. Maybe skewed male but there are plenty of female voices in executive and vendor companies.
they gone hear this next one my brotha, promise #G2T$
love love love the Jason Wu for Target dress! Cant wait for Feb 5th!
the last day of school needs to seriously hurry up. im sick of this waking up at 6 am shit.
then we would have to put all our faith in John Connor...
Never been this hurt, if only she knew tht or even cared enough..! :"(
"I saw his soul literally leave his body."
Day 4 of getting famous
no need to cry, the os will make everything better
We'll teach your employees to speak English or Spanish, with convenient classes @ your location! Most effective language lessons guaranteed!
Hi there :)
Thanks for the RT...
Hahahah that is so typical of him. Good thing you left - saved urself boredom, confusion, and his weirdness
follow me!! please i luv u! ;)
I probably made a mistake, but whatever is meant to be, will be.
Watch out for that mixtape "Soul Candy"
Roll Cyclones ;)
On some Delta flights for $80 you get 4 inches more room from the seat in front of you. Great, then I can almost take my dick out.
Getting tipsy tonight lol
- You're right. I broke my money maker.
abs are made in the kitchen not the gym, just takes a solid diet!
A #Leo will just want you, but wont need you because they can do it on their own.
What was the best concert you went to (who and when)?
Here's my opinion on #NBAPlayoffs -- tonight the Magic, Nuggets and Hawks will be eliminated. Bulls are not done just yet.
Not sure where to go for lunch. Anybody know where I can get some of this pink slime everyone's been raving about? Sounds Ghostbustery.
"Let's go Orange! " chants completely drowning out the St. John's nonsense from the MSG video board.
Had the #BestTimeEver at #Disneyland yesterday. Suggestion for #Disneyland: change #SplashMountain's name to "Tsunami Mountain."
NO!!!!!!!!!!! RT : Im gonna buy a perm kit and perm my locs and call it a life.
Nice fact! Love when you post this kind of stuff! HISTORY!!!
Help me get the word out about my book. Please retweet my last tweet.
My iPhone battery
Got Rock & Republic jeans from costco..
"Let them be mad... If you don't like my music, don't listen!"
you're sexy.
1 city to eat in for the rest of your days. Where & Why? Just based on food.
im buying her an iphone for her birthday. lmao
Went to the hotel's gym... very clean unlike in manila..
I miss you! lol :) & Brandon with his jeggings haha
Same. RT I can eat dolmas for days.
Hey ladies!!!!!! If yo toes hangin off da front yo shoes scapin da ground, dem don't fit, borrow some yo size, DAMN!!!!!!
Making moves! RT : #FSU men's hoops moves up to No. 15 in the AP poll this week and No. 17 in the coaches poll.
Nothing? What about the possibility of Chelsea still finishing 4th cos they'll need that when they lose the CL final ;-)
"Losing my Virginity" by Sir Richard Branson. RT : What's your favorite book?
I do admit, tho, that "Tom Sawyer" is actually one of my favorite songs.
At for the first time. Bartender tells me the specials. I say, Well... I came in for the..., then she finishes: junkie burger
True true. ^_~
Hooray! Love you too!!!
Very excited to see in concert tonight at the Keswick. I know it's going to be amazing!!!!
real MEN eat plants
not tomorrow..
Miami is so live right now!
Best place in Milwaukee for tattoos, ready go!
VI introduced the "kps" concept and was well received by the conference.
JazzPlus with Greg Thomas about to hit radio airwaves (4:05-5pm EST) @ www.wvox.com. Live Internet stream too. Tune in to the swang!
It is important to be a critical thinker
lmao..hell yeah!!
lol I've done it. But the key word is PASSION. You can treat me like a queen but if there's no passion, we done!
#SAYSOMETHING summer jam!
love ya schelf, be ya schelf, put ya schelf- on a schelf
Clint Eastwood...applause to you!! USA is bouncing back!
- bs spam, thx
Agreed... RT : Hard for me to get my own work done when I have to constantly hold the hands of others.
to review DK concert for Examiner.com.
You, who invented virtualization, I love you.
Dear please come out and play.
website re-design! Far less clutter and larger type size! Nice job :)
Today 1936: Freight train derailed near Janesville, WI. 18 cars, 13 of which were oil tankers, burned. Luckily, no one was injured.
Was there even a closet to begin with?
LOL! RT : Holy Cow! It's bad-dressed tourists day in DC. Didn't they get the memo that the cherry blossoms are gone?
Well..there's this boy....and he loves me like you never did. <3
Yes, sweetie, Oliver has a hairpin and a strange accent for an Ohio boy.
I'M BEING ATTACKED BY A SQUIRREL HELP OMG OMG I'M SO SCARED
Today, I saw a 60-year-old man with a Mickey Mouse football jeresey on. Apparently, Mickey is number 40.
Coffee is a broadly used beverage prepared from the roasted seeds broadly called "beans" of the coffee plant.
I'm in need of some great iPad app recommendations! No games, please!
"God helps those who help themselves".
okay we need to come up with a plan. Not sure if LA can handle us
u either
If you don't focus on the money but on doing a good job, the money will come.
let's hang out next this upcoming weekend?
besides noddles what can he cook lol
You know what makes an early Monday morning in #DCA better? Breakfast with
Sucking up your pride to apologize to others.
Come enjoy our Taco Tuesday lunch special today!!
Seriously Remember the Titans is a boss movie
Google Plus usage must be going off the charts today...easiest way to access #gchat without #gmail up.
Ya know. Gays either love me or they want to be me. Cute 3 hour nap I had. Off to a fashion meeting cute cute cute. Who's blanked out!!
hustling my friend
See all of you tonight at 6:30.
AND WE NEED TO CHAT! IM BOUT TO Call u!!!
a pleasure meeting you Del Oro last night. Looking fwd to seeing Katye at a future luncheon or event.
nutty nutty nut ball wackadoo of the week! ;P
Yeah, I have a soft spot for Nas so I'm always checking for him. Song is tight. When you gracing me w your presence in NYC?
solid job, extra CHEEZY
being punched in the nuts > Econ
Yep, you know it!
Agree on all viewpoints.
Congratulations to the LA Clippers on the come from behind win against the Memphis Grizzlies. Good night tweeps!
10-year-old listening to dad's story of the olden days that began with "before there was Google": "Wait. You had TV but not the Internet?"
Dear ColdFusion form validation, why don't you work like you're supposed to?
Finished season 2 of #thewire. Is it weird that I want to have a friend that looks like/acts like Brother Mouzone?
Never liked French toast. There. I feel better.
My name is Abbi. I love Good day.
@ Landmark Education center in NYC with Jerry Baden session about love & relatilonships
much appreciated, thanks.
#WeWontWorkIf you dont make me laugh.
ty for the international womans day well-wish! I hope yours was terrific, too!
Singing mahler's 2nd again tonight w Madison symphony. Love the piece but wish we were in an outdoor venue on a day like today!
B. Griner = Big Bird
Nitrous Oxide Increase in the Atmosphere Due to Fertilizer Use - Decoded Science
EKU Football showing interest in Bradenton, Florida dual threat QB, Sean McCarthy.
THANK YOU! :)
Sweet Tweets kickn it to u live:
"its too hot to fart." -
Thanks for the follow Theodore - hope you're doing well in #New York and stay in touch!
My teacher says nutella is good, what do you guys think?? (:
how can we help u this weekend?
so I can only say it in dm?
The more I watch Game of Thrones, the more it fuels my phony Medieval English accent.
When people subtweet I become a twitter detective to find out who they're talking about.
Just have proper exercise and good body posture. It will help a lot!
Hard drive crashed last week, hopefully it can be saved as well as the photos from the shoots! such a pain in the ass!
What do a deviled egg, Puff the Magic Dragon and a giant penguin all have in common?
ITS RAINING && I JUST TOOK A HOT SHOWER!!! FINNA CUDDLE
I'm starting his classes really soon .
Lol so this lady took like 15 minutes putting gas, and then she gets in her car, and gets back out to smoke a cig. Lmao people these days!
My Quote of the Day - "Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women.", Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Music from the Beastie Boys every hour this weekend as we remember Adam "MCA" Yauch.
FREE ONLINE PART TIME JOBS (chennai): No invertment, No Hardwork & No target, unlimited work
#Oprah won the #Oscars' Humanitarian Award?! That party looked way better (& real-er) than this hooey show.
Not here to listen to all these old men talk. #TheVoice please. Now.
What Can Be Lurking down Thriller's Lane??? Something is but......
Now My Day Messed Up..
Hello Daisy! Love the shot you picked out as your new AVI! I'm doing great and yes I'm as horny as a billy goat tonight!
Hey! I think you can just send my money back on the H2$ bracelets if they haven't come in yet. Thanks! :-)
sorry to hear about your "side-trip" - glad you finished - enjoy the recovery!
Since 2000, pregnancies among unmarried teens in TX rose 7 percent to over 44,000. Infant mortality rate was up 10 percent.
A trip to Classen Curve :-) // RT : How would you complete this sentence? "My favorite part of Mother's Day was __________"
Thank you! Yay!
": Speaker didn't show for a workshop..Ended up teaching the whole thing...:) Always green light.. #NRB12". Well done, A.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.-Napoleon Hill
I wish I could go back in time...to when I was happy lol
c-h-i-e-f, thanks man
I'm chillin bro! What's up?
I just may have to bite the bullet and join.
never too long! Looking great miss Ari! :-]
I wanna thank Chi & Jae helping me almost reach my 7000+ tweet...
And I hang around big dogs ain't no taming me.
Another good Monday morning to be a #Packers fan
made a stack lose a thousand
Lauren is so rude (rollin my eyes) i can cry if i want to. I FEEL TERRIBLE !
Winner! Thanks!
oh brother
Congratulations! You must be so excited. We serve an awesome God and I pray that He uses your devotional to bless readers.
the idea that Trayvon should have identified himself to the vigilante is completely outrageous.
We are taking the girl this weekend, she's very excited.
good afternoon
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I wonder what I'm having for dinner, OOHHH! A bunny!
when u coming back into the 805?? We miss you!
What is a runner's favourite subject in school ?Jog-raphy !
of course but wade got a bad bitch
slept through first and second period. again.
still love you...
Hm, think we may have to handicap you. Are you a mean drunk?
FUCK AS CHILL
Finally time to start packing! Home in the morning=) =) =)
I am here to talk anytime! :) Luv u! MTM
5 minutes of extra time?! What a joke.
sounds like it!
I mean, it's pretty. I get it. But I went to art college and I still think I'm not high enough to watch this.
Pale ass white bitch with pink frosting
i'll direct message it
Found out about Pirate Radio Chicago..cheers guys!
Apartments for rent in Astoria Queens New York call today 917 7219181 Brian at Astoria Realty
Covering a coworker's shift tonight at George Mason.
#orphans8 Heather Heckman and Mark G Cooper presenting now on The Roman Vishniac Film Collection at MIRC
BSR day!!! I think the last time I was up this early for a reason was Retreat.
Thx for the Follow! If u have any cute pics of your animals send them 2 us via a Tweet and we'll show them on our Website!
Pass rushers galore Sam Montgomery, Jackson Jeffcoat, Sean Porter, Barkevious Mingo, and the elite Jarvis Jones..
How did people develop Narcissistic personality disorder before Facebook?
Happy Sunday tweeters, today is a good day to relax and read a good book in bed
Tough loss last night. Legs are really sore today
Going back to good Ole Clinton Co for the night with ?
Damn its HOT in vegas!
"You don't have to hold a position in order to be a leader."
If you only like Harry, can't spell Zayn, say Louis isn't funny and Liam's boring or make fun of Niall, then tickets for 1D aren't for you.
i am completely loving all the fashionista's, blog/vlogg-ers,Youtubers who are all of my new followers i really appreciate it THANK YOU!!!
Vacation time starts in 10 hrs. A week of relaxation and fun with my family! Going to the Grand Canyon... Can't wait I've never been!
Just voted for Megatron on the next Madden case
Still hearing it all before
Oh gosh, thanks. We should gig again. Give us a holla. :)
more bks...Man's Search for Meaning, The Upstairs Room, Boy in the Striped pajamas. Hope you enjoy! best, felice
Watching "War Horse"
lydia is so perfect dear god i could lisen to them forever
already did that
A very relaxing Saturday night....
I'm very sensitive about my Timmy T.
Welcome to Denver! You gotta get to lower downtown and check a Rockies game out.
Thanks for RTs! Please see & for upcoming programs by H.H. Sant Rajinder Singh
needs to suspend Tim Welke for that call in Colorado. Totally unacceptable.
Pretty much always feel this way at this point in a first draft.
Something you haven't thought of today: that gross milky skin-film that collects on your lips when you've been running.
Sunburned legs yup....... and the hurt like hell urgggg!!!!!
Of course! Send us an email with your info on it and lets us know your interested. We will email you your voucher today :)
idt that tweet was for you
It's Super Bowl Solid Gold Oldies Sunday at HTLA! Stop in for 10 for price of 5 UV sessions (through Valentine's Day)!
Tam you can always reach me. I have a google number now. 619-537-8812. It is a VM. Use if you can't contact me.
thanks for mentioning our classes. I can't wait to see your 100diytips!
No problem chica... saved my life with a pair of shoes yesterday, so I know how it goes, LOL
lol i will be so sad if that happens :( n yeahh that'd be cool
no way! Thank YOU Mer!!!!! You're the best.
took my son (on a rainy humid day) to see Pirates of C in 3D, poor kid was begging me. Ok.. it was really because I wanted to see it.
yes they could :) and I'm Alli again
I think even I could strike Corey out with slider off the plate
AxeOff USA\Hard Rock Cafe will execute our 2nd Guitar Playing Contest September 3rd 12pm. No Admission, No Entry fee. Just Head banging fun
Havent done it all week time to unwine
About to celebrate with the birthday girl
RT : Back in the studio putting on the finishing touches on the podcast & my guest mix for
I'm spending a quit day at home relaxing.
Demi lovato, paramore, rocket summer, and the morning of = best playlist
Finishing a good movie and then having to face the reality of your boring life.
How can a nice pair of tits be on an ugly chick? That is just wrong.
You're part of the #writecampaign? Me too!
Watchin inside the nba on
OOMF'S Is So Handsome>>>>>>
Love dont mean changing who you are to be who somebody wants you to be
Hey, I have some things that need to be mended! Ha! Keep out your needle and thread!
Think like a heathen, speak liks genius..
yay! I'm so excited!
Make something happen, it really pisses Chance off!
hey with those numbers u can't pimp a walk off homerun...
Theyre hot and I like 3 of their songs but I dont like them like I doo or
BEER BASH in Coronado this Saturday at 1:00 at McP's. All are invited. Event Instigators: &
I'm teaching attorneys with 15-20 years of experience how to do voir dire and openings effectively. it's all
What is yellow on the inside and green on the outside ?A banana dressed up as a cucumber !
glad to know I got to her :)
Please Lord protect us from each other
happy birthday!
Yeah buddy RT Done. With. Law School.
I love Evelyn.
haha! also thought boyfriend was on left. Next time...
There's a lot of chatter....no not cheddar....is there cheddar ?
Heading to Ripley's Believe-it-or-Not museum!! :D
you are my FAV people EVER! Now I know who's behind these Yay's!
wish it was already my senior year.. tired of waiting
Great tweets from everyone today.
A pimp gon be a pimp...a ho gon be a ho....ain't no way around it
I'm reading two books right now, one paper and the other on the Kindle. I'll have to see if I feel a difference!
Andy Rooney: Don't rule out working with your hands. It does not preclude using your head.
only 35 more days guys.
nice shit bro
your Facebook overdosed doing cocaine with Charlie sheen
- Could this be a sign of his joining Philadelphia Union as the Head Coach?!
Woke up late :/ heading to school I have 3 before in late
damnit! Party just ended...now at the Sackler
seeing the movie avengers the other day is giving me the itch to play those marvel games and batman
OMG <3 lol aww i told u everything would get better! :D
give us a follow back so you can direct message us your address so we can get you your #BallSoHard gear
Awesome! Congrats!...If he takes any shots at the wx-man....you'll know who he's talking about! Haha
Dear Twitterverse: do you have reading recs on copyright conflicts/confusions when authors post drafts online that later are published?
#Cinematography goes to...#Hugo!
How to find you?
TONIGHT!- 2 for 1 Beer and Kids Eat for FREE!!
I don't have your number anymore silly!(:
That would help my needs. Mind sharing? ryanshoover at gmail dot com
True, I was more amused at the failure of the PR guys to spin it in a positive light. It just read like a negative review.
"Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones." ~Theodore Roosevelt ()
thank you all for the suggestions - i'll start going through the options!
Oh what are your plans tonight?!
the top one piques my interest.
Bitch if you died I wouldn't buy you life..
NEW FOUND RESPECT FOR WEB DESIGNERS, MAN THAT ISH TAKES FOREVER!!! CHECK OUT MY SITE HAD TO MAKE SOME UPDATES johnboatnerentertain.com
i love thunder and i love rain and i love lightning.
you got it all wrong H. Btw thanks for coming out Saturday, looking good!
we should organize a flying trip some time. I'm about to take my private vfr check ride. I usually rent from windy city.
Order has been restored to the universe. Giants 29, Jets 14
See what you started, Scott? I blame you. RT who wears pajamas?
OK Then Goodnight to you too
Thanks again to sponsors of last night's event, & , and to our hosts at !
#pharmaforum fav slide so far: be your meeting managers bff. Organized invoices with back up is critical especially with new regulations.
we should ask 's ex if he will sign 's petition to lay more pipe
Raza, seems like u have found your calling as n attack dog & n apologist 4 P Klepto regime :) kinda like male Marvi.
getting ready for my interview today! wish a nigga luck!
Really have to write a full review on our Task & Support management application available in WordFrame Integra.All our customers R using it!
Happy birthday to u best friend/sister/lovaahh :D
I can't bring myself to listen to tracks 11-15 because I know I'll cry when I listen to A Little Home. Love 1-10 though! Haha
I just tried 3 places & they were all closed! It's looking like a pizza night! Not that you ever have to twist my arm for P.I.Z.Z.A.
Did this chik just say she was psychic?? Grandma needs her geritol..lmao..
whatever it is, claims she will defend it.
Wet earwax or dry? :-)
EVERYBODY is blindly chasin money no matter tha cost...this is why no one can b trusted
When you're trying forever to paraphrase a sentence to put in your research paper... But it's just so well said the first time
I get to go to Lilly on Tuesday! So excited for this job :)
i wanna be OLLG, why is it so dificult?
thanks. We do our best.
is about to rock the airwaves of
Off to Burbank for today's shoot!!!
Need Mother's Day plans? The PGH Zoo & PPG Aquarium Mother's Day Celebration! Starting at 11am, all moms get in free accompanied by a...
I just hope that I'm forgiven for caring bout how they living...
the meet and greet was $150 but that wasn't when i met her and omg thats crazy how you live in hawaii you're so lucky! lol
It's fitting to hear a good homily about marriage after last week's news. "For the Christian, marriage is a covenant, not 50/50."
Gotta go to HR at my job today. Never a good thing when the company you work for claims that you made twice as much money as you really did.
I swear and I like the same teams
gahhh , i hate ppl !.
no problem! :) &i told her you were like the biggest little monster ever & that she needs to follow you!
Blood, sweat, and point made...
Thanks! I just found from you!
Waiting sux...10 more minutes til I get stabbed multiple times...
we work with Jazz Artist Tamela D'Amico and I wish we were all headed to Midem. Are you going?
"No laughing in the courtroom..."
Less than a week away from our show at the Rogue, great indie music and lots of free Light Rail stuff, come on out!
What about me??!! RT Anyone else want to do a beach day Saturday afternoon w/ and me?
Great! Getting me all hurried to print them -.-
This weather couldn't suck anymore donkey dick! Wtf man
#Scandal is good, but getting weird... a good death?
Thank you for the follow Daniel
We need your help choosing the most spirited men and women in red. Vote or "like" your favorites in the Wear Red Day Challenge by 2/24...
Meditation is food for the mind, body and spirit.
You wouldn't need a chute as long as u land on a crowd as tightly packed as the Ballroom in Milwaukee!
it took me a while to remember that lyric from Journey.... Song got stuck in my head and couldn't remember the Title...
Ah it's so hard to believe some girls actually look like this, so pretty it's hard to believe it's them XD
Gym Class Heroes tomorrow night in Chicago! Let Mr. Chauffeur drive & we'll be sure to play you #Stereohearts on the way!...
Did you see what my BOYS did to Boston the other day 18 runs baby.
happy birthday.. have fun wit yur day
takes only a minute to deposit!
A great weekend of registrations for Atlanta, New York City and Austin TX
Love it Kesha!!! Beautiful as always :) xoxo
For the DOOSH, 2012 is more than on...it's MORON
Crap! You should have named the boy band "BONES 4 YOU"
I wanna tweet someone. Text is better, but everyone I know here is asleep. Tweeople, if you're awesome, lemme know :)
If smartphones were allowed we would run the table.
Awesome turn out for 1/2 off bottle Wednesday! Such a beautiful day again! What's your favorite time to come into Enoteca?
you naughty, naughty boy!
starting now, if you're nice to me... I'll be nice to you. no matter what I may have heard about you. #fuckrumors. #fuckpeople. Idc anymore.
Thanks for the #Followback! RT Following back!!!! Lol. Thanks for following me.
Last night was funn a'f!(:
too funny and awesome tonight my girls..thanks for the good time:) gettin up early to work so I bid u adieu
PKs are always so nerve-racking!
She speaks the truth. RT : No disrespect to Popovich, but Thibs should have been #COY. No question.
The render is complete. Uploading to their YouTube acct. now.
School on a snow day -.-
What are you willing to pay for BRAKES ? We have Special $79.95 RT pls
you are making me laugh so hard right now in the library hahahaha
Ahh so many good sessions at #mimasummit 2011! I'll need more than the app to figure out what to attend. Suggestions on key people to see?
Fucking with this new soul, though. Heavy.
Here's who's cookin'
once again - its on!
on my goodness goodness please post pics of Diana as she grows. So sweet!!! >^,,^<
thank you for coming in!
That's fantastic! Love that he autographs a chefs knife (re: Bourdain)
Ik I was like damn!
Not answerable at all. Under the Charter, she is a separately elected city officer, like the City Council President.
RT : Tonight is sponsored by , follow them, give them so love. We have a great item to giveaway after.
Saw killer today! Got to meet with & missed u &
Bout to break open a fresh batch of glow-in-the-dark lotion. :D It is amazing how much of that shit we use.We love it so much.Lots of fun
you think you guys can win it all this year?
familiarity with ACTA and its legal implications is a must.
balk, can't throw to unoccupied base.
"How terrible is wisdom when it brings no profit to the man that's wise"
thank you!
Thats Life... U gotta be like a vacuum when u get that feeling of emptiness
He hasn't said anything yet! What should I do? :)
just wanted to say hi.. how often do you have normal conversations with girls? seems like never so.. hi there!
I'm so sorry, Dee. I know she was sick the last time we chatted. I was hoping she got better.
Just measured the amount of water in my trash can and we've had 5" of rain since it was picked up! It rained over an hour before as well!
What's up?
#myfavoritemovie any movie that leaves me with the feeling that the world isn't as bad as i thought it was
Is he Cal? NO! In the words of the great Matt Jones, Louisville's just Louisville.
tell him when he scores in the nfl, let him try that leap! You can compare.
Too funny! Far out works much better!
V festival lineup confirmed..... who fancies looking after my kids for a couple of days???
then go get an orange... Just a hint...putting that out there
duh. Versatility is my middle name.
Falling behind here! Thanks for the #FF friends ;) , , , ,
ok, good to know!
Truth! Grad School fail RT Big fan of contacting people to fill a requirement, and those people not responding. Gotta love it.
Lord, my eyes are on YOU.
The Starbucks Mocha Cookie Crumble is so good!
aww man! im gonna take it off -_- Lmaoo . Jk, its good so far :)
get that heat
THATCamp part 2 - now learning to create maps and timelines using Google docs/fusion
thanks Matt
Last weekend had talkbacks on prep fashion, on feminism, + w/ the cast. Don't miss "Meet Pete" with A.R. Gurney after Friday's performance!
OUT IN MAY 2012: THE POLITICS OF EDUCATION REFORM IN THE MIDDLE EAST - Self and Other in Textbooks and Curricula
it was within city limits
I am, I love San Diego
yea she's off the chain?! Crazy biotch!
Anyone have a Traktor Kontrol S2 or S4 they would sell me?
Drinking remy str8 on a empty stomach
Mr.Jimmy Cliff joining the boss
You were awesome comedy club Please follow me and I'm keeping and eye on where you will perform next I don't want to miss it!
22e in wv way backed up from a clean up of a huge crash
The Orkin Man is slowly killing me. Stop spraying dammit!
What are hair plugs?
And I find it kind of funny. I find it kind of sad. The dreams in which I'm dying, are the best I ever had.
Great to meet you at NCVS! What's your email? I'd like to send you the answer to a question you asked at the show...
Daniel Bryan!!!
If you seriously have enough time on your hands to wish badly upon people and talk shit about them your clearly a bumm. Sit yo ass down
your pain on that 1.
Time waits for no man, neither do I.
who wants an annoying ass follower
it's the who gives a flying #### bowl!
I am disturbed by that.
Orange Bowl Champs!
First Big Storm of the Season! Starting to Get Spooky, Very Very Spooky, Like the S#!% you see in the movies..
Now providing their opening statements
thanks for the retweets!
I am downstairs out back.
- that's awesome! Keep me posted on how it goes.
Well I'm doing it for fun forget about the time. ;) thanks man for the tips.
Republicans... find some compassion. Not anti-immigration but pro legal immigration. Not big business but jobs.
Follow and help end the fight against bullying!
Coffee = A way of life.
What a GREAT way to start a Friday and end a week! Great customers gets to work with, new orders, business ramping very nicely!!
What a fiesta!
Celebrate the beauty within...
Finally broke down and bought premium. It makes being a the gym much more enjoyable!
okay...i will no longer make plans ahead of time to go...i'll just go on random days so the weather doesn't decide to get all crappy..lol
Yeah like pedophile's and like rapest and like old men seeking dirty stuff ^-^ Lololololo<3
>:U Narnia is to snowy.
Hahaha. I'm fully expecting it to suck. But thank you!
ICON sr. and hes not an ICONic boy no more/:
RT "Sometimes a man meets his Destiny on the road he took to avoid it." From movie: The International
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. Confucius | Signed website job from a company in Iowa!
Tilapia, so good :)
I saw the recent Ancient Aliens episode on the Dinos. Thousands of rocks with pics of people together with Dinos, even riding! WILD!
awwe poor baby, i'm sorry.. ):
RT : TONIGHT! Japanther / Vacation / Unstoppable Death Machine / Two Hand Fools / The Fucking Cops $7-- 8 pm
I'll buy you one in NC. Lodging is super cheap, too. $23/34 for double/single room if you stay in the dorms
happy hour is a good deterrent from doggie searching...
Intersession hours are underway: open weekdays 8:30am-4:45pm. closed on weekends and holidays until the semester starts, Jan. 23.
Natural Skin Hair Care : How to Give Yourself a Facial Massage
Are u looking for a fun date to reconnect w ur significant other? Recreate ur first date together-locale, music, etc.
BOOM DONE. Hook em' comes through again
And my hair right now <<<<<
Just woke up to no power.. uh oh
Como me quiero ir a la mierda!
George Washington. Final answer.
Power is back on! Thanks
sounds delicious!
Free picks all day tomorrow! Breaking out of this slump!
oh nice DM ur number.. we'll do that.
cause she's a gangsta and possibly one of the funniest women I have had the pleasure to train with.
I used to like #oomf alot but all those feelins went down the drain!!!
After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die
#RIPSwiftyStephanie just close your eyes, the sun is going down, you'll be alright, no one can hurt you now </3 you will be missed.
The Voice finale tickets!? Baller.
alas, Internet woes. The hashtag #swsterling seemed pretty good. Another annual great end of show rant.
yes definitely worth a listen! Try oxford comma or something off first album...
The doors are top 5... 1 is Zeppelin .. Not sure what the rest are but the doors are in there
Good luck! RT : Preparing to speak at #MilwaukeeCenterForIndependence tomorrow morning. Put people with disabilities to work!
I wrote your name all over the eggs my little sister let me have <3 LOVE YOU!
Bumblebee is my favorite.
Back in Seattle after very demoralizing Commerce trip, lost every single session for a week in 4080-200/4 mix and lhe in some amazing games
Hold Me Like The River Jordan And I Will Then Say To Thee You Are My Friend
So there! Lol.
#swagfail colorful rain boots -- with no rain people kill me
Woo! Now hurry up & get Jumping Trains out, I need more song titles giirl! RT : love the article bestie! ;-)
cool, i'll try to make it down there soon! thanks for letting me know
My friend Derek is a Sports Director there now. I'll ask!
At BattleofAtlanta 43 June 17 we're hosting an InHand Marketing Seminar for our friends; see www.battleofatlanta.info for details!
Today's article will be another awesome indie artist. Check www.thevinyldistrict.com/Chicago to check it out. Spoiler Alert: he's awesome.
it's crazy expensive' RT Get use to it. I pick up my daughter. I wish that the hairdresser was as cheap as a haircut.
#wtw2012 true true! WeLead alumnae too shall take over!
are there still classes at the Minnesota locations even with all the snow?
hm. I thought he looked very uncomfortable in a "this seemed like a good idea on paper" kind of way.
having flashbacks of architectures past.
Love the ladies of Your ROCK! Great examples! You too !
Ratchet and clank, jack and dexter, kingdom hearts, that's it enough said sir
I think I'm on your route.
I'd totally have sex in the Oval Office w/Angela Merkel. Just to say I did.
Prepping for solo show, Bodies of Work: Figurative Paintings of Travis S. Little. Opens Aug. 5. Should be provocative!
It's 1 game but I still think it's going 7... I been doing games in CT, NH & RI... Last w/e I was at Madison this w/e back in CT
Are you getting tix to Nabucco? and I are going!
Celebrating Hustles birthday at club Klusos!
i think the drivers are just as pissed off to be on the mbta as we are
File conversion website. Sounds too nerdy to be mind blowing? Flowers kind of freaked me out by showing me www.zamzar.com
"Dad, who's winning, the Giants or the Banana Peels?" -Presley, talking about the Saints.
For once in my life I want someone to actually be afraid to lose me.
my school Mississippi State had Kentucky down by over 15 in a game this year and didn't get in the tourney
IMLS head Susan Hildreth mentioned WebJunction and Project Compass
like i said. dedicated gal. honored to follow you:)
Great! It's #Friday! How'd your week go?
have to trick them then
Great new artists coming your way, keep reading guys
thanks for following!!
your never around him lol. He talks around sav and all of us haha
Today was alright
most definitely! stay up with me and nikki (: I feel like everyone's gonna be exhausted from kwood and pass out early!
At the #rumpusroom with
okay, I just got done showering.
it is a good site.
Oh yeah duhh(:
if it increases the odds of a getting a gift card, yes.
oaky we will visit you
"Vicious high school bully grows up to run for President" sounds like the cliched premise of a bad movie.
I'm feeling kind of hungry cause my high is coming down...
Cant sleep /:
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause ya breathe smell lik u been suckn on shit tarts all week..eeww u got medical..use it!
Well we won't be fucking!
Thank you!! Rachel's CBD has donated over 35k to JDRF and hoping to reach 100k soon!
Thanks! I try to make it interesting, but I am never sure if anyone actually looks at it.
Yes! Yes yes yes yes yes...
Follow back frero ? :)
Trap house tuesday
My vegan lunch was both unintended and delicious.
Meanwhile, in L.A.'s Chinatown...tinyurl.com/88c8gnf
Don't worry, Perry's pretty tan.
Thank you for the #FF, have a great weekend!
GREAT Photography show of 40 amazing photographers April 26 7-10pm opening Don't miss
make sure you hit the Drover!!! My favorite place when I'm in Omaha. Best glazed carrot in town.
Robust figures.
Does it count if it was by myself? ": So who had sex already?"
Hey joe
If I had a boat, I'd be on it.
You going to node.ph?
Tore Biceps up this morning....tonight just chillin. Life is good!
Lmfaoo RT : It's not that I hate you... it's just that if we were being chased by zombies, I'd trip you
Like Valliant Printing on Facebook. We have Facebook only promotion!!
I tell ya if you lived by me and went to this college you would absolutely love our director fantastic sense of humor and-
haha just watched the episode of reaper where u had a gun for an arm...if only....
Today is the day people!!!!! Production already started setting up... This is gonna be hell of a wknd.... Come & join us @ The Melia hotel!
Omg you guys were amazing ! I wish i could dance like you two ! :] xx
Sure! Looking forward to following you.
...I am just way to wordy for Twitter.
Shop and ride safe this holiday. Only ride in licensed taxis. TService- stopping illegal hacks and improving taxi quality. Mytservice.com
Going no where fast!!!
same here! Eben and David are both really good. I just hope they bring back David but idk if they will.
That's cool, look forward to hearing it. Yea just get at me when you get a free minute or two.
George Shelton, dept. Of HHS, Ever success we have is tied p how well we work with the states.
Student comment on good Digi Citizenship -"why worry about doing something wrong, there is too much stuff online for anyone to find out."
Thanks for the follow!
and I'm walking around with a smile on my face thanks to you :) Love and Light!
oh you go girl!
Guys! There's only 4 hours left to donate!!! WE NEED YOUR HELP!! We can do it!!!!
No one said its gonna b easy, but its worth it.
"Hi, I thought this might interest you."
Getting closer to making a BIG announcement...keep an eye out!
CEO case studies, panels, roundtables, & the Founder of Travelocity.com are all on the Roadmap10 agenda! Register now @ www.roadmap10.com!
No. but I have been looking for a pic for that tour. They are all so you. Heck I was so young.
It went great!
MP3 or WAV. Three audio tracks + PiP audio is the limit.
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must." - Edward George Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873)
Ready to rock this week. Lots lined up, here we go.
dig the site. Hope to learn more about SEO. check me out at brokeassarts.blogspot.com
everything hurts.
download the app JunoWallet and earn $0.25 JunoCredits. Enter my Invite Code 'DX905940' when prompted.
I'm online :P
awh. Is there ANY WAY she'd let you stay so you can be with us? :D
watching a program on 9/11. amazing how emotional i'm getting. Just like the day of. :(
Now I need to go check out the Reagan Presidential Library & Museum just to see GuideCam in action!!!
Thx 2all &to all a good night Lost on LA but NYC here we come! BARBERSHOP PUNK Nov11-17RerunTheater/GastropubBrooklyn Opning nght will rock
Beat The Buzzer is coming up at 12pm and Sea World tickets right ater 1pm today with on HOT!
Coming up on #Maury...Falling for the hidden decoy..stupidity...times stupidity..
The knicks better f**king win tonight.
I feel about rappers like Hemingway felt about bull fighters
Put us in your #FF and we will do the return;)
Be less curious about people think of you and keep doing your thing in life and good things will come out of it
After watching 6 Days To Air, I have a whole new respect for #southpark. Man those guys bust their butts!!!
homework in the library
sup bro west good
You sure said it, mine is turnig 15 and it's the best and worst all at the same time.
Have we reached peak peak?
I wish I were quicker with camera. Guy chattin up smokin hot chick w/ toilet paper on chi n from shaving.
yeah tru tru hahaha but have to say in the beginning it seemed like a porn video from all the boobs and butts scenes haha
did you get caught in the traffic of the rollover accident on the Palmetto too?
MARY KELP AND SPLASHLEY, CRUSTACEAN DOMINATION, SHELLY.
By taking this action, I hope that I will have hastened the start of the healing.
would need the dual-ply #shamwow for this mess!!
Glad you could make it to Austin. Don't party too much, big day tomorrow at #innotech RT Howdy, Austin. Great to be here.
If we were to recycle/re-write some songs from the Reviler EP for an upcoming release, what songs would you want?!
Today's society reward people for standing out. Unfortunately it's usually a negative action that gets the most attention.
With soccer in the top spot the Top 10 has it
Hehe FUNNY! ( Angry/sad face) I'm a cowboy! Not rodeo clown! Stereotypes! HOWS U BRAH and will you follow me?
Pitchers and catchers report Feb. 20th. Go #Mets!
Throw "trash can" and "stranger's shirt pocket" in there and the urinal is actually the fifth best option.
#IfOnly you was here
Perfect award for twitter! The only science writing award that celebrates writing short!
#dontdoublemyrates Keep student loan rates low
SharePoint 2010 is much easier to use than previous versions.
Deliver information at the "lesson level" the primary level of interest to the student
On the road
Now Following Back
The one class I stayed an extra day for lasted 5 minutes
10 months today.
Articulate Technologies is Hiring! Looking for a Regional Sales Manager in the SF Bay Area. Recommendations appreciated! bit.ly/5cpOcM
I love that my VP quotes Plato and Emerson at a town hall meeting.
#Cleaning #sunday today
I'm just getting settled back in my city
I guess I'll grade some papers.
I'm a mathematical nerd. The numbers of my Twitter following and followers are multiples of 66
thanks! we should set a time to chat - def wish I'd seen u in Nola.
kevin harvick :) he look so calm so he is deff ready to go racing and he going win the daytona 500!!
Hey man so I can come down anytime if you like, got my car back from maintenance...
In the office on Sunday. just compared CARs to child birth -- , remind me to explain this one to you tomorrow..
ah online shopping , , .. done for the week.. maybee
anyone want to do something?
Second Saturday and pizza...good times.
tried that ribs recipe. three words. m m m
Rain, rain go away, come again another day.
Sun coming up over Waco. It could be prettier. Been up for 24 hrs. Still rockin.
This. #amen [RT]: No, seriously: #SRIARCHA!
Why so serious?
RT #Senate Franken lauds decision to keep rural post offices open in Minnesota - Franken said something I agree with? Oh no...
Why doesn't this hurt just stop?
no joke: just got a one-min play for ATL about this exact combo of ingredients.
I like this song "Try not to remember" Sheryl Crow..So beautiful..
Hit up for info on being featured on the Southwest Wire.
I agree on that it sounds really inspiring RT : Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal...
What the hail? I'm 0-2 with the wildcard predictions! Both winners deserved it. Packers > Eagles tomorrow
I have a huge ass.
yeah yeah
That's what's up, I have been reading every Thought into this Tour, Your a Good Friend will keep you posted-YoBoy-H
I'm offended to not be important enough for this list!
Your target consumers will not stampede to your website, bc they do not know it exists.
Hey :P
at cafe cordiale with my sister. the bass player is killing:-)
TY for shout out
Muggy out for no reason
yay for you!
my grandpa is talking about lake geneva ! your coming with me this year :))
I hate when I'm around a guy I like and I just can't stop giggling -_____- I seem so stupid and girly
This is THE week. Will Andrew Farkas go ahead with Grubb & Ellis acquisition?
Heart skips a beat and when I called you, you were out of reach, but I'm sure you've heard that before.
It's not DiGiorno...It's Delivery!
it is April 2nd.
Ooh la la!! French breakfast specials in now at Lottie's! Crab, gruyere, jambon!
Twitter should have a twitter IM
Join in the consciousness that tries to provide great education for all children, working toward best for all.
I'll vote for you(:
thank you, too. it feels good being of help. :) also thanks for the compliment in there.
Think the #Jags forgot to take it off auto-select for that punter pick ala in every AFL draft
I wish we held auditions for choir members.
google sitemap was influenced by OAI but didn't work out later
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
I have no idea
okay, so today is going to be like this. At least tonight gets to be like that with
keep using all that make up bitch, you look like a clown!! lololol like foreal though ...you women look like clowns with all that make up on
There aren't alot of people I genuinely dislike.... but I managed to find one this week and I must say its a frustrating feeling.
you are pretty mama
": In the car sendin tweets at the same damn time!!"// Gnna get in a wreck and insurance gnna go sky high #AtTheSamnDamnTime !!!!
I remember him. RT : "Former Astro" Mike Costanzo called up by Reds for ML debut. Came in Lidge trade and left in Tejada trade
Been using zsh now for nearly 3 months. Going fine but definitely no perf gains like everyone said. What am I missing?
Took another shift so I have to be up at three am
Bath with your woman then lay her on the bed & deeply massage her with warm baby oil from head to toe covering every inch of her body!
He never relies on mistletoe.
yes, thankfully. Especially since Im left handed & it's my left hand that's hurt. Ordinary things are hard to do with one hand.
I obviously know that. I'm just throwing out random trivia like you said.
Do you want to have BREAKFAST WITH SANTA? Well we have tickets! 410-752-2462 x221. (we also have Snack/Story/Train Ride with Santa!)
Today is the first official day of spring. Spring is season to plant seeds for your harvest! What kind of seeds are you planting?
Big show at Sky Church on September 20th to honor
I'm prolly the darkest person alive right now
Well it's gloomy and crappy out, if your weather is anything like here so I'm sure it's hard to get motivated! Enjoy your show!
But if they Loos I will be elated!!
Pizza hut is fucking disgusting.
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
Congrats Taylor Swift for getting Billboard's Women of the Year!!!! :)
Today is 19 months CANCER FREE. Suck my big one cancer Wayne 1 Cancer 0 WAYNE-ING.
hahah no it can't!
Its almost unreal how annoying one person can be.
watching Never Say Nver Directors Fan Cut on netflix. thats whats up!
FINALLY back in San Antonio tomorrow for white Christmas party! Wooohoooo!
and i don't wanna pay the cause but it be best if you'd get lost cuz we know you'll never change.
Attending webcast #Drupal and #Linux: Lessons learned building two great open source communities
": The most inexpensive, and yet most appreciated, gifts that you could give someone are your honesty and loyalty."
Murray (longer hair guy) has been in the band since those cruises. Last one was in 2010.
alcohol solves everything...and bike riding!
Shit some of the people I went to school with are putting their children IN school
What a hit by Rinaldo. Good lord.
amazing book!
Whats up world? I'm just living life. Keep your head up if it's down..... Make your smile disrupt your frown.
Why not us? Why not now? I BELIEVE! Nuggs win with heart!
Oh my! Well there are only so many posts out there and everyone wants them :S Start a blog maybe? Can't hurt your chances
feeling a little rough. hopefully it's nothing a mcdonald's breakfast and orange juice can't heal.
Good morning to my tweet-heart! RT : Good morning
Just landed in Boston!
We need some big time #HitchcockMagic here.
With the parents eating tasty fish.
Blessings to all...... on this fine day!
Tonight we say goodbye to Stay. Our favorite late night spot is closing. Join ChiIL productions tonight for one crazy goodbye!
Why is squid word so mad?
SXSW / WMC - Promoters/Organizers etc. We are currently lookin for any other open time slots @ any show/after/houseparty/pool.etc. hit me up
rock stars always know how to make an entrance & an exit. She lived it up in between
Good day goofing around in the yard after wolfing down some One Kine Grindz for lunch (go there MKE tweeps)
F*** havin a Dip, I only want Him, nobody else <3
All female. Just a lil split personality disorder!
You think I would know how to spell can I blame auto correct? Must be the water I'm drinking
AAAARRRGH!!! Another iPhone ruined by my chronic stigmata. I'm so sick of this!
Looks like I will have an extra room in Cancun for August 8-12th at Moon Palace. Anyone interested before I turn it back in?
At the track about to put in work before it rain
I am a grown man. Do not tell me what to do.
thanks love!
Thanks for the follow! Muito obrigado
Im starting to realize I really have noone, the people I thought I knew n coukld trust were just pretending, theyre just like the rest </3
WI #statefair waiting to see better than
Love workout activities that are disguised as fun. Can't wait for dance class tonight with !
I told my two year old sister i have hiccups and she got me a glass of water
So tired but my throat hurts so bad
What are the chances I see and/or at this Hit Squad show tonight??
no one is saying that it wasn't the right play, the case is that he was decided to pass fron the beginning, he gets $ to take it
Dope creatives need dope creatives! follow-find-like-check-chat
WHAT IS THE STATION NUMBER??????(:
Ok we will plan it!
Seriously owned that dance. I regret nothing.
sittin' in class texting #DylanMyBoo for life! & tweeting a little sick poor #angel #GetWellSoon ur angle is sick
This is in ten yrs if he doesn't join
me too!
lol see tweet prev. to that one.
Inception. Great movie! but really makes you think
In everyone's past there is a love they can't get over and a summer where it all began.
When we text, we want to talk to you, don't ignore us. Read between the lines. It's a good sign.
What a day!
Wait.. Gee's trending?
Is everyone ready for the weekend? What are your plans?
Definitely a funny "coincidence" ;-)
Karl, I am so disappointed.
Keep those beautiful mornings coming!
Stayed up til 4 AM last night just ZONING hard w headphones on feeling grateful to have been exposed to so much great music in my life.
#michaeljackson Saw in Arrowhead Stadium, at the start of the Victory Tour '84. Moonwalk, 75k people locked on the referee pants. Unreal.
Just met one of the most genuine human beings ever- moussa from paris. A musical master just trying to heal the world.
The explosion won't kill everyone in New York, but the two beautiful people can't be together. Now that's tragedy.
. reminds us not 2 forget that you have permission to be happy in the present moment. she also said [don't] eat dirt
lmaooo! That makes more sense. We were like wtf??? Hahahah
OK I'll bite- how was the first episode of Emily's bachelorette?
how many game you go to a year?
Even on the days you don't feel pretty, there's always going to be someone who thinks you're beautiful. Own it.
This RT : Don't take people for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually.
today i jumped of a cliff into the sea it was awesome yesterday i did a concert that was awesome to :D
It's almost time for The
to the bitchez that made that picture: IMMA HUNT YOU DOWN IGGA
Hey Aspiring Artists~Grand Haven Loutit Library will host 18 and under ArtWalk competition Sept. 22 and 23. www.ghartwalk.com
Just got an email saying we've earned over $300 in Rewards.
If I can cash in 1k donkament, you can win it!
Juicy lips >>>
LADIES Are you 18 & have at least 1 tattoo? We are currently accepting apps for Miss Rock the Ink ABQ Dia de los Muertos! www.rocktheink.net
Bearish here on Visa and Mastercard (MA) stocks. New limits on fees will hurt the companies near-term.
Important families are like potatoes. The best parts are underground.
......Another sunday up.....another sunday where a ninja gotta work
Ready for today's warm-up! 50 degree weather here we come!
Keep calm and fangirl.
I randomly just got up to clean my room....
omfg, you act so fucking innocent like you don't know what the fuck you did! FUCK OFF GARRETT STOP TWEETING ME.
Sending back my try-ons... :( WANT THEM ALL!!!
So diddy changed his name to "Swag" ... smfh..
I was called xenophobic because I said I would not send my Elementary School child to China. I wouldn't send that age child anywhere far.
#Hootsuite not listing all my mentions.
learn how to text back and there would not have been a problem! :)
The thing I don't like about Twitter is when you scroll through your profile, all you see is your own head over and over again. #Creepy!
Nina Garcia and her son just arrived at the 10th annual bunny hop at fao Schwartz Shoshanna gruss and family as well
I'm ignoring him today *Evil eyes*
The future is here. Just got a panel accepted with folks I only know digitally. Kudos to for pulling it together!
#Avengers movie goers: You heard Schubert's Rosamunde String Quartet in the Germany sequence.
Ugh anxiety is a fucking bitch yo. I need to get these auditions over with.
Buying a ticket to China!!!
I am not a fan of racial or stereotypical humor. I don't find if funny & makes me question whether the person is racist or very ignorant.
follow an little elephant
I just realize something :(
ya well we just got off the river trail downtown, we got poured on half way, then it was REAL slick.
love a good smack talker!
Washington should retire that niggas jersey cause he rejuvenated that franchise.
Oh, you've got a reason.
More than 2 dozen area contributors weigh in on WASTE, the latest theme issue from award-winning zine SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE!
i failed you lol. But no more after tonight
Kevin Hart is guest starring on #ModernFamily as I tweet.
doesn't it just. I didn't even get to eat till 11 tonight, very bad really!
happy birthday bleak!
is bringing it. Feb 25 TPA students Register Now leadtampabay.com Change your community!
We just wanna blow so our #exgirls can mis us ...!
rookie of the year the over all rating 89
A sense of humor makes a girl beautiful.
Acting class tonight
ITS HOT
its the downside of twitter and blogging, in my opinion. more stream of consciousness than informative.
6 papers, 3 finals, and less than two weeks til i graduate from college
Dear Santa, I got a sled for christmas... does that mean its going to snow? :)
who is your publisher? I would love to carry your book in our French-inspired shop in Little Washington, VA.
Blood sweat and tears, homie I'm made of it.
I'm looking forward to influencing others in a positive way. My message is you can do anything if you just put your mind to it. - JB
Great connecting Melissa, looking forward to working with you!
nigha iknow im late but you know igotta keep singing
Yo everybody better fucking vote for for Breaking Woodie!
Goodmoring!!! Hope you have an amazing day :)<33
": *clears throat* HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE WORLD'S OLDEST OOPS I MEAN GREATEST BIG SIS EVER :-P" Thank you cow lol!
Dominated Mission Trails Regional Park today. Thank you summer in October!!
ok I need to get ready for school -.-
Have alot to think about when its raining.
Had it at Mayo in 06. Not fun, but life is!
Jeana Sweeney, #CMTA director of community services: One person can make a difference in battling Charcot-Marie-Tooth
13 n u
That crown of gold wasn't the Victory that Vyserys thought it would be-not that he's thinking that much these days.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help
I really want some ice cream!
Second first semester of graduate school complete. Psyched.
both of those are the Rice of the East and northeast
I did not want your unsolicited tweet, though I guess it doesn't suck as much as what you & did to Gary Friedrich.
Maybe. Well, that's too bad. Sorry to give false info.
beautiful art! Thanks for the follow :)
r u still appearing on mike & Molly or doing other things
working on updating the website. More content coming!
Thanks for sharing out our deals! Much appriciated!
glad your ok! :-) im a chevy kinda girl though. Haha.
I've officially seen it all. Spanish hillbillies??? AND youre family I've never met??? Gulp.
the girl in the advertisement with u
Something seems wrong when the prisoner bus is driving around with inmates and an open door. And continually stopping at traffic lights.
yeah I do
Lines rarely heard on tv: "Just what I was afraid of... someone has removed her brain..."
WTF?? Are people sleeping?!
I need to get over you.
#scms12 looking at code comments as a kind of rough draft
>>> You Welcome
First new movie I've watched in 6 months: predators starring adrian brody. I need to get out more.
i cant rely on someone else for my own happiness
praying for you honey and your family. Love you.
Only thing i think im missing out on at cchs is a good time at prom with old friends but its whatever enjoy yourselves guys!
Low around freezing tonight. Temperatures will recover tomorrow into the mid 50's and hold steady there for the remainder of the week.
Jim Caviezel is ridiculous. Jim Caviezel with a beard is MORE RIDICULOUS! haha
Sometimes it's easier to pretend that you don't care, than to admit it's killing you.
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession. Albert Camus
Pee farts are the best.
I agree rebakes
I want him in this game so bad
I'm truly humbled by the amazing reaction I got #CCDP2012 free #Bbq my HQ nxt wknd stay tuned for details.
Yes were auntys yay love lilly and melissa
Would you call the desire to lie in bed and watch endless hours of Downton Abbey fanatacism or depression?
oh okay ;)
Good tip for showing off shelter cats: ferret & rabbit harnesses can be easier & less stressful to use on cats than cat harnesses.
The Assassin's Creed series does a lot with moving within and blending into crowds. Not great, but it's a focus.
Me Elks are being Brats! Elk Bratwurst today! Try my Double D's! Dense & Delicious BROWNIES
Knicks took home the win!
Just read it again: fair, proud, and handsome
'Anus' backwards is 'Suna'. 'Suna' rhymes with 'Tuna', that's why I do NOT fuck with tuna
Union South wins Best New Building in Wisconsin? Sounds about right to me. Just another W for !
Catching up on #IL2011 in the comfort of my office.
Congrats Michael Best! Best Law Firm at Corporate Report WI Best of Business Awards
I wish getting sex ... perfect gift Lmao
nah basically my mom n dad are divorced so i keep switching between england london&san diego US
what are you wearing?! LET'S MOSH THE NIGHT AWAY! OH. how do you spell squirrel?
I was wrong. Ghost chili sauce is NOT an everyday condiment.
when I got on here... There were 69 new items (;
Good night everybody. Sweet backstreet dreams :) KTBSPA!
What time should we meet each other at Penn Station on Sunday?
who knows how to G-Slide????????? lmaoo
omg I forgot about it! I'll give you the 600th! (:
I think so. I counted up everyone I know who is doing it and I need more fingers.
Free promotion for your social networks on my profile. Try the URL. trust me its great. BTW , follow 4 follow?
I just feel so grateful right now... we have the chance to live & help still.
i got make up remover in my eye and it still burns
John, having Jill as your bitch isn't doing it "right"
Yeah...the grape LOBBY! (Actually I LOVE grapes, I don't know why I'm complaining).
Running socks? When are you going to come out and run with me?
oh god, Shelby found us. Can you see #JakeFricksBigHead all the way from Austin?
just found the guy who matched 5 numbers in last night's Mega Millions.. he's next on News8
No refunds of eventual subscription fees will be given under any circumstances
Better be quick... I'm only press for 85 more hours, and a couple of them will be spent at the dentist.
Yes! In the edit thing along the right, scroll down .. if you have any of those #s, just click the magnifying glass next to it.
thank you for Dirty Barbie! Totally familiar and totally new at the same time. Makes me proud to be a woman.
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to announce events and provide mobile optimized web site links.
I'm well thank you
That is the CUTEST profile picture EVER!!! What a beautiful child!!
Five likes away from 200.
Toga-filled home video #pimplefacedshame from - "I have a perfect bed for you. It fits everyone perfect."
When I began my morning prayers about 3 years ago with I had no idea they would grow into what they've become.
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas
FINALLY FRIDAY, PARTY PEOPLE!! If you're lucky enough not to be working today...we'll be serving up 2 for 1 beverages all day!
you're currazy girll! I miss ya let's go out
Good for him. He does a fantastic job.
Where this team is going.
oh sorry!! I will give it to you when he's finished :)
2 things. #1 I'm tired as hell off the wack ass 2hours of sleep I got last nite #2 Why is 2chainz still trending??
oxon hill's own!
Why does Twitter unfollow my followers lol?
What a beautiful day to work on
Bel plant design: Full speed ahead
One more follower until 900!
Understanding Google Adwords & Analytics up next at
Come on, Hoos. Need another inning.
I am moving to North Carolina over Easter weekend, I will miss all my tweeps in the D!
yes. I don't want to go to school tomorrow. Haha.
oh I def will :D
Congrats to our hometown favorite on being
now i'm looking at the horses! Daddy Long Legs and Daddy Nose Best are related. I assume Daddy Nose Best is the cokehead horse.
stop tweeting and answer your text messages.
Need u to rock with me on this party... Check your dm
does the old lady thing bug you? either/both parts?
Doing #bikedc this morning!
Yes, absolutely! Have a wonderful weekend!
You're HI-larious
Been loosing sleep working on the site for the past few days. So far so good.
Woah that was awesome big Thank you to all who joined us this afternoon! Stoked
Popping open the wine and getting Dani prepped to record part 2 of our Desire memories tonight!
just to get a chewing out about not answering my phone which I shut off at work and while driving Had a coworker invite herself to my car...
good cuz ill show you my group called Peaches Swear ..........all day baby Peace
RIP JRIB. Always will support any and all Romey projects. Been a fan of any and all formats since '92. Rack 'em, OUT!
Best New Artist - Khalila Rose
Ugh. So sad we lost. @ least we got a point. GO SHARKS! & again, welcome back/congrats Tommy!
maybe we should have stayed and just switched dorms lol.
Bitches mad cause I got "sex" tatted' on my arm
Come back home to vegas!!!!!!
very creative top
Yes, they should. I have seen email training firms use addresing security/liability issues; real "don't do this" examples are scary.
Thanks SO much you guys for coming out! The turnout was FANTASTIC!
that's exactly what I was thinking! thanks for sending the link!
Don't forget to have your friends LIKE us on facebook!
actually using twitter now :O
You gonna fly with me.
The new maroon 5 and wiz song is amazing.
Maybe next time!
that was a solid first-degree burn right there.
please add print outs of Johnny Cash and Andy Warhol to you this sign for me!
looking forward to it!
mom just got mad at me for eating too much Nutella. . .
Sorry I haven't been posting--it's hard to get wifi down here at the Occupy protest.
Thank you Karen et al.
is the soundtrack now lodged in your brain?
thank you for the mention. I hope to make my way to SC this fall! I love it there!
We are thrilled to have you!
yo yo SBK can still suck during the holidays, fair is fair. U SUCK, Orlando turn it off..
I'm not sure yet I'm trying to get a ride from someone after
RT : I feel like the art scene in Milwaukee is gaining incredible momentum, and it's really inspiring to be a part of it!
lights just came back on in Talbott. Finally!
game on RT : Ready for baseball? Three weeks from today #Pirates pitchers and catchers report to Bradenton. Let's go Bucs.
"No big deal" #ConversationFail choose your words wisely
#J14Loves1D #WhatMakesMeBeautiful is the fact that I don't believe in wearing makeup. Beauty comes from your soul <3
Any AP'S of these prints or this was all she wrote?
webfaction's been treating us pretty well, but of course it depends on what sort of features you need.
silly silly silly
love thunder<3
Hope your tummy gets better soon. waht a pain to have an upset stomach.
Sometimes I don't feel like being nice.
Excited for my meeting today...if anyone has any extra good vibes they'd like to send my way, I'll take them!
just dropped off complimentary bagels at the office to say thank you for your business - now that's customer service!
Remember-the person who trusts in the Lord will be blessed
Wats good for the weekend kiddos?
makin burgers for me n the kiddies. I so lubba ma babies.
I hate liars!
#How2Tarot Ensure you have a symbology dictionary to hand when studying #Tarot. Cirlot is a classic or Ann Faradays books on Dreams.
who has open marriages? NOBODY DOES THAT!
yeaa i would LOVE to! im sending the pic now! -Melanie
Be seeing you tomorrow!
says current online coupon/deal craze not sustainable; need intrinsic reward vs jumping through hoop for $
#collegetaughtme that UCF stands for....FUCK ALL THAT SHIT....I'm glad I went...
Can't wait to see all of the gowns! RT : Keep your #Eredcarpet tweets coming! Who are you super excited for!
Thank you for the mention.
9:30 on a Tuesday night why is there so many people in the gym!?
Ha. Probably not anything good.
Austin's lips >>>>
Ok i gotcha...Do u want to make them..shes my co owner..she makes them in a diffrent design then i do.
lol we will kick dont trip
What up twit world! Wiz opened the door for Pittsburgh, now Young Bravo is in a position to keep it open for for the Steel City
Trying to figure out how much of what you get from the Internet is really true. What do you think? 30%? More or less?
Literally wakin up, cup in hand ready type
Great folks to follow! #FF Have a great weekend!!
Happy Birthday - Spinal Tap is my all time favorite movie.
lol haha ya know how I do, and yea I know u be avoidin me but I jus been workin and recordin ya know how dat go
Hey #Hoosiers the whole UK team and #BBN says
cool right dude, a tan, right?
I did*
Watching GI Joe in a theater all by myself. I am tje only one here!
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that although we know each other, I don't trust you.
Psycho Bunny Knits & Cole Haan Shoes Trunk Shows, Saturday
has put me in the best mood!
"MY CAT IS THE CUTEST PERSON" -- thing i just said
Crappy, crappy week -if u didn't know by my lack of interest in anything I couldn't put in my mouth.
naw man. I'm performin may 4th in athens though
Almost have this job in France... C'mon Europe!
Watching fireworks around my neighborhood from my backyard!
Have a cold. Couldn't work-out, mainly liquids and lots of sleep. Lost 5 lbs so far. Hmm...
Preparing to purchase the biggest milk bone in the world
see ARCADIA tomorrow!
Creepy ass janitors staring out the windows of old main at 4am.
If I text you and you aint text back but then I get on facebook or twiter and you updated your status please excuse yourself :-)
"so I hear, were u looking at the lonely hearts section?"
What did I tell you? My novels are like Lay's, once you pop you can't stop, LOL! Wait til I release 'The Shuffled Hustle II'.
Today must've been torture for #Trayvon's loved ones. Must be hell. Lost respect for #GZ's lawyer today. Sleazy faux "regret."
Is it necessary to kno the history of Tupac nd Biggie if yu wanna be a rapper?..
Dark'n'Stormies with and on - happy #irene from the #LES :)
Best Twitter profile update...#Bachelorette's "Failed Proposer." Nothing like a little humor and self-deprecation
Go for the Mr. G or ask them to make a Will Special. It's also a great place for Italian dry goods and cheese (cc' )
wait, you're not on the 53, are you?
Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it.
Fairfax #Electronics offers free ground shipping on all sales over $100. Call (323) 731-2561 and use promo code 4482
Thanks everyone for the encouragement because I forgot to mention I'm working until 9 tonight :( BLLLLAAARGH.
Agreed! Waiting ages for the new release. RT : now playing on : new , "disparate youth." i love it so much.
hookers keep a little stress relieve for many!! I think hookers are awesome and without us the world wouldn't be the same:)
John, forgot to mention that I need you for the Irish part of The International Toast. Give a classic Irish message..
Sleep is for people with no internet connection.
We would love to!!tell us more!!
With all the hype about where Hazard and Kagawa will go, Viola fans will have to come out from behind the couch sometime. Jovetic is next.
Which cover should we play Monday night?Rock&Roll-Led Zeppelin/Little Help From My Friends-Joe Cocker/No One Knows-Queens of the Stone Age?
ducedByDaim please let me know the best date asap day or night you and Josh can skype to talk xx
Going to sleep... Have places and things to do <3 GoodNight :)
And at WCNYC 2010 I parked a block or two away at a ~$30/daily rate, outdoor/uncovered.
Never did I think I'd be putting on a pink wig and leopard print to prepare for a day of teaching.
Warm, dry socks are like being in love for the first time.
I think you need to visit Tooting sometime. Recession has hit it hard. All mobile phone, pawn, betting and pound shops today.
woke up to a screaming ldg cramp and an angry eastern sky.
La Gente live Saturday March 31
What is the worst film to win the Best Picture #Oscar in Academy Award history? 1929 to 2012?
Movies with daddy (:
Last night was just too much.
Thanks for the RT!
damn on what. Like what
Ah, it must have been Thanks for that! Great talk,
you so should sit down and speak with me. Worked on a lot of migraines. They are so painful and debilitating. Feel better!
i think you need to have a contest for tickets for the be iconic experience!
The teen contestants missing the Beastie Boys question...still shocked.
ok then !thank you (:
May get the opportunity to see "The Hunger Games" tonight! Send me positivity!
Oh that's a tough choice, but they're all great schools! Congrats! I'd recommend visiting each and seeing what your gut says.
the headline on your article is wrong. You should change to say DT Cleveland growing faster than suburbs. Geez.
Thanks for tuning in. Enjoy! RT : It's 5am in London, watching my mate on TV in Seattle
Would love to! RT Are you a solar installer? Would you talk to me about your customer service strategy for an upcoming article?
congrats! So proud
that is very good to hear.
MT Brown: "Responsibility must be clearly delineated btwn the various levels of power..in our educational system"
Friday the 13 is jason not Freddy lol
Pan roasted Cornish hen and asparagus risotto. Hello Sunday dinner.
If you want the scope from 's talk on The (needed) Information Diet at #Net2DC, read up on 's live tweets
Thanks for the follow ! Looking forward to following your tweets.
Thanksgiving is over. Time to get back in shape.
she had it added to the twitter terms & conditions
Excellent. I'm really glad to hear it.
Well tweeters maybe you can help me understand it because I just don't get it. Tweet you guys later~BAMM "THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER."
They were then sent to a factory a slave laborers until the factory was destroyed.
I probably need to start unpacking my stuff. :/
The great thing about making your first film is that every mistake becomes your style.
Sitting at Demo's on a breezy night. Good food and friends. NSt.Mary's is hopping! I love living in such a vibrant, eclectic area.
Lots of cleaning and straightening up
Philadelphia Eagles Have Several Options on Second Day of 2012 NFL Draft: A Fan&#39;s Look
with great to see you following on twitter.
What do the internships entail? And how do I apply?
One hand washes the other , both hands wash the face No man is and island Meaning we need each other in life and we were designed that way.
do you have an English book? Or mrs lackey?
doing well man, can't complain. Congrats on the release. How you livin?
NORTH OF SUNSET will be produced in 2012
Ok, so you know it's out there.
yes!! U r right, manmade reef...just need a thick wetsuit, hood n booties :)
I look forward to seeing you tonight as we minister!
I don't pretend that i have a perfect life on social webs because i keep everything real....
Thanks for the RTs!
Night everyone!!(:
that is just bullshit
Goldman Prize Ceremony happening on stage right now and hearing some very inspiring stories from my desk
I don't drink beer and I am a Chicago Bears fan. Now do you guys understand why I had to leave WI? C'mon Chicago!!! 1st and goal at the 5!
Good pass Rondo!!!!
So far the best part about this game. The previews for 'The Dictator'. #Superbowl ...........nevermind
But everyone who does what is true comes to the light, so that all may see that his actions are accomplished through God."
My 9yr old niece just explained this #elfontheshelf thing to me. Words cannot describe how creeped out I am right now.
Keynote from Omamofe Boyo of happening now at #CUAEF!
Iannetta, Nix, Cabrera, Hart, Gonzalez. Have the Mets allowed the most walk-off HRs in the majors this season?
You too! We HAVE to get together soon! I need to meet your mini-me! Happy new year! Tell you mom I say hi too!
So excited to see you at the #cookbookconf, Jeanne! Safe travels. :-)
I am going to spend one whole entire day all dedicated to Tumblr and fixing up my blog.
DA's office asks for extension in arraignment of Josh Drabek. No objections from defense. Will be back in court on April 16th.
Hey ! Prepare for a #COFFEEBOMB! & will bring a bunch o' coffee tomorrow at 9am. Cool?
Denver? Where is that? Like I give a shit!
Come get up wit yo bro
Sitting on van floor feeding fast food burgers to kids who are staring at movie. Check check #388 & #389 "things ill never do when im a mom"
Ma says I can take the car tonight to see :0
Rain Rain Go Away
Facebook winners today are Shane Kennedy, Tony Pshenichnykh, Patricia Williams, Rocio Lopez, Anthony Ybanez! Contrats and see u at the show.
Win or lose you still make your hometown proud!!!
Pete Campbell is such a goober sometimes.
I recently considered following a few ppl because I`ve been flirting w/ 100 followers for a while now & kinda want it
heck no
Forever is never really forever without the ones you love most
need to share some of his bitches lol
have you heard?! jane is on pinterest! follow our boards to see what is new and what inspires us!! xo
AGDYon RADAR this week....
Not at all! Glad to be a part of it!
When your parents make you run THEIR errands. <
I know right? I wanna go!
Life isn't fucking easy, but anything worth having rarely is. :C I HATE MY LIFE
Tyto owls are the prettiest animals ever.
I can't believe she left him I thought that they were happy
what a monday...
this is why I love you
Dare to be yourself!
"Hockey parents not complaining about icetime tonight...except Stu Bickle."
RT : When they told Derrick Rose he tore his ACL, he said "My ackle?"
Invisible Children preps next act, amid 'raves and ridicule' - USA TODAY
Hey I'll play for the U.S. Olympic team for free. I'd even pay to do it
If you want it you can get it for the rest of your life.! ;).
Awww, really? Of course you can trust me.
I want to get my legs a little thinner so I can get tattoos on the back of my thighs.
Studio session tonight.
So tired gotta finish my project text me.
Lakers really not athletic enough just being real
hey did you ever visit some club named rush in miami
Thank you so much! I look forward to reading it :-)
what's up ? try to go to my basketball game :D should go with :) :) :)
are you sad austin left? :/
I love my president---GO Obama!!!
the blink tags wrapping the updates in the Robin Roberts piece are hilarious.
Iatley I've been thinking you & I wouldn't make it if we tried , I want you to tell me you don't want see me go & you want us to grow
Only my kids would get sick after Spring Break and have to stay home again...is this karma from when I was a kid?
Happy mothers day to you :)
I want to be all used up when I die. ~ George Bernard Shaw
My sister is tryna be italian lol ;p
It was a campaign contribution.
I can't wait to have a fun and stress free summer.
For a stronger marriage and better relationships, learn to take responsibility for your actions and your outcomes.
Happy Friday from Ben, Sarah, Joel & Emma! <3
Punk ass punk
no no one really did anything..jus realization
Twitter broke my manhood.
im so proud of how far you've came since #ShootUsDown <3
I think that's Good Morning Vietnam. :)
Hannah takes the stairs &I usually take the elevator every now &then she offers me a lemon now &later? :D I love that song!
The game was fun
Have a feeling that will not be the last time we see that from The SmoakMonster!
Good morning #CeNation Family
I just got on the list for BlackBerry #PlayBook updates. Flash, video chat, & real Internet. Get on the list! www.blackberry.com/Playbook
I'm usually with you. This is the one exception among those I've seen.
RT : I may be quiet, but trust me, I have so much on my mind.
I agree
First pitch at Busch Stadium today for the Cardinals game. Stoked.
Thanks to & for the follows.
According to Sami, the bread was eyebrows (a unibrow) As for the teeth, that's a side-effect of a limited palette.
it's official.. weekends now start on Thursday
Yes! She's back. RT Focusing on ALL we HAVE vs. what we don't have - being in the moment w/STAPLES Center fans.
Can't wait for using Omega HD once again!
I Tweet what ever crosses my mind at that moment. I'm very blunt.. Sometimes I think that's a bad thing.
RT : If an expert says it can't be done, get another expert
It will be. I promise :)
Omer Asik is really looking less & less like Judge Reinhold, which isn't a good thing for Omer.
I want to bake a bunch of cookies and then eat them all.
fine clothes convey success & authority and that's what I want my first family conveying.
Watching Eclipse with Tabby!
Happy Birthday stranger :p
When you live in a high-rise what do you do when your new neighbor's dog crawls onto your balcony?? o_O
My battery is dying! No please don't die! I'm gonna cry :'c
Who wants ribs and a nice glass of red tonight?
Calanais is a 5000-yr-old stone circle & is much better viewing experience than Stonehenge
It's crazy how so much can change in so little time.
hahahhahahash that was honestly the funniest thing I have ever seen in my entire life!!
Kobe might drop 50
Don't close your Heart because, of past hurts. -Open your Heart because, there's a love out there waiting just for you.
"Wether you see him or not, you'll still be in his heart"
um, some kid from like the 5th grade [who i hardly rmb] is im-ing me.. this is.. awkward. xD
Could not be happier that is here!! :D
Love it - every step is part of the journey.
How freaking difficult can it be to get the phone number of my pharmacy off the internet? Apparently very.
Feel better. Amazing show in NYC!! By the way do you know any young guitarists looking for a permanent home?
So sorry to be out of touch these days. We are in the midst of a huge number of briefing projects!
Trying to relax, not working that well. Ho-hum.
"OMG I was so fat! Ew!" "you're in shape?"
If you haven't picked up your copy of , go to any #barnesandnoble #nationwide today!
I don't think she would just let everyone do that haha we just weren't able to come in tomorrow
stfu damn u talk to much
Thanks so much!! Rock on!!
sweet!! Thanks man
": If you think you are too old to rock 'n roll then you are - Lemmy #Music"
Last name everything, First name hate.
How much cocaine do they pay Michael Irvine as a salary to be on NFL Network?
thanks 4 the mention
I was hungry! And besides you said you didn't care!
I wanna go for a motorcycle ride...
Thanks! I'm an idiot.
Definition of dedication. House to myself on Saturday morning, but going to work out instead.
They sell Magnolia cakes at Costco!
your very welcome :)
I also love RPGs. I like the hero system, anything by white wolf, even aberrant, and fading suns.
Nah, im still here....just busy but im back now RT : thought u went into hiding
When u cant provide 4 your children during the holidays its painful. Thnx 4 making holiday magical 4 the kids: formerly homeless HHC teacher
my question is, WHY IS THAT GOD FORBIDDEN SHOW STILL ON TELEVISION?!?!?!?!
LIL BOOSIE BOO COMING HOME TOMORROW HELL YEAH
Ppl out here dyin for friends -___-
Sing like they can't hear Live without fear!
Now that our children are required to engage in 24/7 bestiality, Newt wise to force them to work. Employers can decide on contraception.
All we got is memories, so what the fuck is time.
I wish Dolly Parton followed Miley :) they were on a show together :)
Welcome home. God grant you many years, many happy years. In good health and in Salvation!
only for Kelly Pitts sexy ass and if Stacey is on there
Doooooogggg ": Niggas try to get at me"
I don't have one, but I have done the research. I don't think it's worth it.
Just did week 5, day 2 of #c25k with !
Thanks for stopping! Hope you had a good time
wahhhhh!!! I think they have dd in the airport :)!! That would be awesome If you did :)!!! <333
Increased treadmill workout and more weight loss --->
not really something I should be advocating, but it's who I am. Fuck it. At least I aren't as bad as the other guy.
#jansport the best bookbag anyone new yorker can have during jhs/ms
is the Battle up yet if so what's the link I'm tweaking
Left Spfld yest & kept going until I was out of IL. Taking care of myself so I can be more effective for the ppl. Making it a good wknd.
I miss you.
Best date ever! Me, a tub of ice cream, shots of JD and ceder insense! Party begins NOW!
Highlight of my day: my boyfriend yelling GET SOME! at the brady bunch movie with Marsha kisses Charlie.
boo ya!
at least it was not Konz :)
Curious if any of the student protesters at Penn State have read the Grand Jury report? Terrifying, sick information.
definitely. Midnight Meat Train was also awesome. :)
Im hungry
Windows 8 is blowing my mind right now. In a related note, minimalism is for assholes.
Ever wanted to participate in a #flashmob. Here's your chance San Diego! FREE & open to the public! www.sandiegoweddingparty.com
RT : Wow! 131 units have been sold since the beginning of the year. Congratulations to the Axis Brickell Sales Team!
True! I just need slutty out-of-town friends now.
MT "Kuroda did a good job today...just no run support as usual." ...<Been the story of his life...
hmm , can't wait till you get off
Success - If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no use being a damn fool about it.
going great thanks! sf > la meeting > denver...can't wait for one last run up in the mtns with / updates coming!
there arenno Ugh's in early morning workouts. Only woo hoo's
Pumped for the Mpls #verticalendeavors Grand Opening Nov 12! Headed to St. Paul to get my climb on tonight in preparation.
Fascinating evening listening to talk about his passion for collecting records, and the stories behind them, at
Bought a beautiful dress to wear for my BFF's wedding in January. Thank you Macy's. And seriously, it looks gorgeous on me :)
it all good sugar britches!! as long as your not out offering people bible passages
FOLLOW ME PLEASE PHILLIP! Your voice is great! :)
That mix is jumpin'! RT : Goodlook Bruh Let Me Know What You Think
I keep on wondering where got her sunglasses, cause they're fucking perfect.
What can't Anthony Davis do?
hmm, this is hard.. Maybe ..YOU!! And demilovato.. Haha(:
Gmen for life!
damn iPhone locked up and left me with nothing. Lol!
I stayed home I feel like shit
wish big willy was in stilly ;)
I'm hungry.. I'm gonna go upstairs, and you know..Eat carrots.
Glass is so very important, I just can't put a cheep filter over an L series lens. I rarely use UV either. Light is so key.
Not really down with the BART protesters. Like praying, they make a lot of noise while not really helping.
This NBA on TNT crew is pretty solid with their Photoshop/meme creating skills.
I can see Denver winning both at home, but something tells me the Lakers will steal one there, and come back and finish them off in 5
Are you feeling productive today? How do you get motivated for work?
I thought you didn't know who I was so I said nothing! You shouldve said hi.
Who remembers sailor moon
Still need 100 followers by Monday..
1st Revolution Growth investment icreating a marketplace for govt to save significant $ & huge oppty to expand -
When I first saw it, I was like: "Romain Gavras' MIA vid completely ripped off my droog !" My droog agrees!...
I'd rather be alone than unhappy.
r u going there?
Follow the newest #Badgers commit here!:
yup so how have u been
#2012c19 thanks everyone for tweeting our panel... Now at kinship panel despite directions from front desk. Nancy Bentley rocks Clotel.
RIP UNCLE TEDDY.You will be missed. Your memory will live on forever!
Seriously, I'm a jazz musician and scatting is lame. The only people I know who scat are high school kids who like glee.
I figured you'd be the only one following my tweets lol. Thanks man. And my g/f is saying the same thing. She had to go back today
DUDE I KNOW! I WAS SO UPSET WHEN I SAW YOU WERENT FOLLOWING ME! But YAYAYAY now :) #youareawesome !!
Is this Flo Rida dude really on TV wearing a leather vest & no shirt? Um...no. Who thought that was a good look?
Darin Erstad on the Big10 considering moving baseball to summer "I couldn't be any more against that idea..."
I have no idea why nyan cat is awesome but it is
thanks ed
great quote. Thanks for sharing it.
Yes let ist snow :) The first Snow is falling Happy
I love armenian dancing
Don't miss out on our weekly specials!
Hello my lovelies - happy sexual wednesday ;-)
I thought you quit?
Convention center room for Ron Paul rally is already at capacity (1,500). Supporters still lined up for blocked waiting to get in
Just for today I will forget the problems of the world, and move forward as if Im brand new. Angel
Was that the winning design from the contest?
A perfectly ripe banana and Nutella for breakfast!
What kind of painting would you create of it was titled "BBQ & Saucy Land?!"
thanks for that weather retweet. for serious. It'll probably take me 2 hours to get home from work now.
New Belgium samples at binnys on Clark was a nice end of week surprise.
did i see you at the Bellino's birthday party??? xxo
sounds good. Hopefully I can fix this problem I just bought pro tools 9 in sept lol
Keep Desperate people out your circle.Those are the ones praying on your Downfall, Just so they can come up.
you coming back to launch up some half court shots post game tonight?
goddamn I want that sandwich again. Maybe in June.
right now this is a two week test, I do hope it stays around.
Absolutely loved Midnight in Paris. Can't remember last time I enjoyed a new movie this much. I can haz Paris now, plz?
yeah "tweet" me.
Gibson Guitar Endorses Spring Press/School Tour California, Washington, Nevada, Texas, Florida, Tennesse and NY. Dates TBA
Every Tear Drop is a Waterfall
I HAVE HAD SO MUCH
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: today at TUMC 4001 speedway, noon to 8pm :: #stopMonsanto with John Duffy :: going forward to a simpler time
Such A Great Day ;) God Bless U All
not sure how to share 6 hours worth of folk, rock, worship & rap. Nor should I...
whats good world
Don't forget to check out bucjeyes101.com and chat with me on the game thread today!
Today, 1st Sunday, we will be at Love Fellowship Tabernacle Church in Brooklyn with Bishop Hezekiah Walker giving the sermon
#Dadism You've got more *insert anything* than Carter's got pills. We're 5 presidents in but he's sticking with this gem. God bless him
chilling in the starbucks parking lot smh haha
#DaveyHavok is here at #Swingers in #LA SO TIGHT~
of course you can ((:
Ready, Set, Go!
Hopes you can come to UVa chapel at 7 to hear live organ accompaniment to Lon Chaney's Hunchback of Notre Dame!
church in the morning .
Well a beautiful day here in Ocean City, NJ. USA. I am getting ready to go to work. Have a great day everybody
&#9822; Protect your Liberty
|THX FOR THE SHOUT OUT!
Haha I've seen this on the news a few days ago! I once though about the same thing to my house!
: John Terry will drill semen into Rooney's anus
how u been?
me too!!! I get so anxious in it!
how's it going?
The dungeon master and Omuni teach u about sex. Boom boom tv
To be overwhelmed by ecstatic joy
Don't think that you will get beat up, for looking like her.
hell yeah man. Text me
Pundits feel #Gingrich not perfect. Settling for best of the worst not good enough. GOP president is no guarantee to solve US woes.
That awkward moment when someone finally says what everyone else is thinking. -_-
Watching repeats of :)
Roddy White is the funniest man on twitter. Followed by Javale McGee
so we still beefin or what? Lol
Watching Videos:Ya'll think Puffy was slimy enough to have sex w/Faith after Biggie died?
Henson- you want to be scared about the state of education in our country, take a teacher education course
You know it takes skill to fall UP the stairs and I have just mastered it #BeJealous lol
I'm a man with many pockets
Swinging with KKJZ 88.1 FM from Long Beach CA. Right now their playing Etta James "At Last". Sweet tune!!!
i have eliminated most of my soda. What do you do about milk?
lmao right I was like what?? Ashley went thug?!
I think we started 2 hrs 15 mins ago. I think. I'm under the influence...
People at work want more work to do to pass time.I don't get it. I'm perfectly happy sitting in a chair with an iPad, iPhone & the internet.
Party outfitters is a great company and I've loved working events for them this summer
which branch? RT : just called the D.C. Library to ask if a deer crashed through their window. Yes, I was told. Best call ever.
Massive headache this morning, wow
decisions decisions.....
We are mirrors whose brightness, if we are bright, is wholly derived from the light that shines upon us. ~C.S. Lewis
The security guard admitted to being a fan!!!!! :D Xx Love it
happy birthday to my baby girl
Urban Dictionary? One of your two terms came up, and no, it wasn't what I thought it was. :)
The Wire is SO FREAKING GOOD
WOW i thought there are going to be only 2 seasons but then we have to cover all the 12 part! x)
Walking around the mall I worked at in High School. Brings back #memories - Longest job I ever had (just under a year)
But i'll text you..
Tiger Woods is playing well once more. He must said "WTF! Bring on the girls!" And his mojo was back! Lesson: stick to what you do best. Lol
WHO WATCHED WHO WILL BE THE FAMILY WIZARD?!?!?!?!?!
Writing about ur QLC calls 4 serious self-reflection & is a great idea! Theyre 4 girls blogging about theirs @ stratejoy.com
who here is voting via facebook ??
sounds good man!!
Please join us for our election night festivities this evening we will be at Carnelian By The Bay, 1 Ferry Plaza, 9-12 PM
Wishing I could be in Vegas for 's show :(
Does anybody else remember when gas was $1 a gallon? I miss those days....
Merry Christmas,Happy Holidays, Happy New Year to all!
and there goes my upgrades. so much driving!!!
It's Jason Carey your welcome to follow me.
I wont give u or owe u a apology I gotta sale in a hr and half now I'm mad lol
Jimmy Jam.
meeting this guitarist to help me get this music together and he's LATE!
you should follow me, and i'll buy you a cookie. no joke.
Is the important concert june 20 or may 20?
Wonderful, as always! Great wine suggestion from our lovely server. Once again awe-stricken by the lasanga. So good.
I'm looking for volunteers for the night of the Valentine's Vampire Crawl on Feb 12th from 6pm-10:30ish. You get LOTS of free drinks. DM me.
happy Easter Toni.
ugly ass
Should I stop trying now?
Tv in doctor's office should be replaced with ANYTHING ELSE
Friday Feb 3rd at Boomerang's in St. Bernard- our official REBIRTH! With Chiva Kneivel and oh yeah...IT"S FREE!!!
Making my own videos, so I guess yes, I'm auditioning for a role. If that sounds weird, keep watching/reading. I'll 'splain it!
when they sing in the car, & alice has no emotion at all >>>> CRACKING UP!
Said hi to today :b shyest!!!;b <3
Or introverts generally. RT : Twitter is perhaps the best thing ever to happen to the introverted academic.
im free sat. ill see if my best homie will come since hes in town for spring break. just txt me
twitter - #bowdrix to enter headband giveaway contest
Yup yup were STILL UP CANT SLEEP 1:26am
Thx for the follow! Enjoy and Share 15% off medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout! Custom Dry Erase is the new trend!
Obviously you have to wear skinny jeans to attend Asbury.
Screams tommorrow! Should have a teaser up soon :)
The first printed reference to Christmas trees appeared in Germany in 1531.
For real? Hooligan style?
Will do
Thanks to our MD U.S. Reps for making time yesterday to hear about the impact of arts!
#fridayreads Finished Last Stand by Philbrick & learned lots. Just Started Good Graces by Lesley Kagen.
Just stepped in gum.
I'm not sure a wiscy TO would have helped last possession. Took them 20 secs & 5 passes to get near the 3 pt line most times
my body feels over whelmed.
You inspire me to be a better comedian
#JonezBestBet of the night: load up on Denver -2.5. George Karl is undefeated lifetime at home in playoff game 6's.
Checking it out! : chk out , trailer is gory, bloody & down right awesome, get it made along w
discussing the fact that LOST was not new last night. bummer!
RT I need locally grown Elderberry Flowers #bartenderProblems perhaps you know a farmer in New York?
outta 1000s #SexyBabyMovie is 1of 22chosen as "viewpoint selection" meaning"high-quality edgy storytelling from around the globe"
He is a big pussy now! I want adventure!
tweet and learn
RT : 29% of teens in grades 9 through 12 report that illegal drugs were made available to them on school property.
- Thank you so much <3 I love you too! Mwaaahh;*
In my cookie: "Promote literacy. Buy a box of fortune cookies today." What kind of fortune is that? Seriously.
copy your new code> paste it in> save & close.
I hate havn to blow dry my hair
not a stranger. anyone can tweet. some ppl chose not to and i didnt cam cuz i was sleeping dammit
YOU'RE
Better a buffalo than a boat.
oh no!
So, would you send me on those loving pictures you send everyone else?<3
Heading to #RutgersUniversity New Brunswick campus to talk on group panel & talk to Library Science students on #UserExperience Research!!!
I'm gettin paid!
Dear Logan, You are an experiment in insanity, but you still don't hold a candle to the mess that is O'Hare. - Mattw
#EverydayIThinkAbout you and realize you probably don't do the same . . So I try to forget you.
When nothing's sure, anything is possible~Margaret Drabble. Dwell in possibility!
Wind-Up Records founder and part-time poker player Alan Meltzer left a total of $1.5 million to his driver and doorman
Life's battles don't always go to the faster, stronger man. The man who wins is the man who thinks he can.
Just Talking Too My Ex! (: && My BestFriend!<3
I know you'll never notice this but, I would probably faint if you RT this or followed me! <333
Long time for sure hommie..... I see you're still doing your thing....
yea i saw kinda fab :)
RT If you've been a fan of for over a year! <3
Dont hate mi cuz im *beautiful*
They're all part of the this weekend, and brought to you by #DrexelEngineers!
Arod seems to be in post-season form by grounding into a double play with the bases loaded to end the inning.
** will be performing live at Vinyl unplugged for the release of the newest music video, Pot, Porn & Popcorn. Feb, 11 2012
"lunch" must be synonymous with "beverages". Sounds nice
:( but I dint wanna die young
sweaty bea- wait
Just dropped Tiara , jasmine Jackie and Christina at prom . only twitter name I know in that group . xD
#sacramento What do you mean I have a great name? YOU have an awesome name!
Rx denial (via CVS in FL) recently happened to my mother after her insurance comp made her switch from local pharmacist.
maybe a dumb q but it's all free right ?
You do not mess with my girlfriend, family, or friends... Life lesson #1 for ya!
WASSUP PEOPLE, HOW & WHAT IS EVERYONE DOING??? TELL ME WHAT'S ON UR MIND, TALK 2 ME, DNT B SHY!!!!
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend that hates
Anyone have any experience with the Kodak Playsport camera?
I'm flying back today. Don't make this worse...
there are so many ways to finish that sentence, wish we coulda heard it lol
Empty restaurants depress me as much as Charlie Brown's Christmas tree...
I love havin you next to me
let's hope he got busy with jasmine or Caitlyn. Lmao no he was like 6 when he was with them
all can be had very late in drafts... Aybar was 20th rounder in recent mock and could give $20 in value...
Checking out episode 1 of "The Franchise: Miami Marlins" on doing his thing.
Happy wedding day to my lovely colleague/friend/social media mentor I hope it's the best of your life!
FOLLOW ME?<3 I lovee you so much I met you at your Houston concert!:D Please??
You are "verified" not that you needed to be lol.. RT : knows RT : How do u get verified
Found a cool picture of some wood. #newbackground So what's up with you?
playoff hockey is fun! Dis u see flyers vs pens series?
"This Is Spinal Tap"
My paper still isn't done..
Hi Kevin. Thanks! I watched yours, too! Great work! Happy New Year!
"Like" the video on the youtube page (:
you wish I was a slut
Happy Thanksgiving to ALL!!!! Please take time to acknowledge the people in your life & all that you have. Then say ~~~thanks~~~
We waiting on you in the A bruh. You have a lot of fans down here!
;) good to see you on Twitter. Have a great weekend.
Thomas place on University is what you've been looking for! Call 612-703-RENT for more information about leasing!
Getting settled in for talk about Facebook timeline.
Mom: The neighbor's enormous Christmas penguin fell over. I'm glad.
Get down to Lunar tonight for some Pre-Valentines Day celebrations!! I'll be downstairs all night!!
I'm officially registered for school.
Where's the one of me and James? :)
Happy mother's day.
Narf, been busy and I think I'm addicted to FB :)
Baltimore, we're open until 11 tonight. You know you need a caffeine fix if you plan on dancing till dawn. Come on down!
More movers&shakers we will be interviewing in the coming weeks include John Most, CEO of Most Advertising&Mike Weisman of DGWB stay tuned!
checkn wit da bffs but it looks like Evergreen
Thanks to for the retweet, his army of morons is inspiring #tcot?
Actor or anyone else. :>)
MAHOMIES DONT GIVE UP, I'm still calling (;
My body is beaten :/. I can't do this anymore >_<
Just giving this a try... any advice from junkies for a newby?
preach it.
Go Team Blake!!
Gary Carter passed away..sad
Music coming off the BACK BURNER!
Did not even know that show was even on anymore !!! Lol
Sushi time! ;)
The moon is void of course all day- your license to relax
Don't give away the same promotional product everybody else does. Be unique. You want to be remembered, right?
Some respect for Hammond called him MR orange Cone. How do we know it is a he!
Hogg: Key to metadata policies in the cloud is to have strong, defined, validated service level agreements.
nyquil...my one shot of the night
The bot that's following me has a disturbing pic; can some new bots follow me so it gets bumped off my Twitter frontpage?
nothings better then bein sick and eating a bowl of cereal and watching the looney tunes!! :D
I have no idea who this kid #JordanyValdespin is but he just put the #Mets up over the #Phillies! Off #JonathanPapelbon no less!
he wasn't, that's why I want to be friends with him.
Followed back (:
can you follow
I will appearing before the City of Tijuana's Commission on Border Affairs today to address several joint projects that benefit the region.
Candy withdraws.! </3
wyatt family dinner conversation of the night= world longest and oldest river trivia
Little power scare for a couple secs, but FULL #Grizzlies network is rocking 92.9 FM 680 AM with tip at around 12n
wonder what Chris Paul & Dwayne Wade had as pregame meals
I'll check it out!
Followed. Follow back please :)
god, loll
for the record straight your aunt kate is the only one to teach you bad words cause she teaches my son them 2
Maybe kissing is sort of like natureMy coffee
It's supposed to drop into the mid 30's tonight! Yikes.
are you having a blast at playlist live??
It was like of him and his friends and it said HI. (:
and totally loved the post ;)
looks like #Bruins either forgot to set their clocks ahead or they decided to use Tyler Seguin's alarm clock for this one
THANK YOU for an amazing show tonight! Brilliant, funny, wise, loving and dirty at the same time!
Timmy needs to be Kryptonite...tonight!
If ya can't take the heat get ya ass out the kitchen
Any ideas for dinner tonight? It's going to be hard to beat last night's stuffed green peppers.
Playing our zumba songs in El Torito
Bo: "Jordan Taylor will be sorely missed."
All day/Everyday
Leave it to jealous whiners to do the same to me RT Leave it to people like & to piss me off
alright, sick of writing definitions/critiques/confessions. time to make sounds & songs....
How ghetto are we talking?
very good!
Just found on twitter and itunes! Voice of Yakko Warner and tons of others, but most importantly, RUDE DOG!!!
Be a part of this HISTORIC Run-off! Be a part of the CHANGE that is coming to ALL of District 2! Together we CAN make this happen! Please...
salivating at the #avengers end tease. shame some parties in the comic arc can't be involved.
Sorry for the delayed response.
girl you fine from head to toe
Can't wait for tomorrow morning - New Moon and great friends. *so excited* and miss u s+j.
down the street from where i live
Thank you, what would be in your opinion, the best translation?
Serving with some amazing people from at bethel house. God is good!
Man, that joke was
Congrats to , who will be playing at clinic, and to , who will be attending the luncheon!
Trying to think of a better/funnier LinkedIn headline. Really liked "Digital Overlord," but it's just not me. Hm.
you dont remember?! we'd buy them at outakes with our argo bucks
Looking forward to your new shows... congrats!
Im folliwing everyone who follows me
Yes please!
if you have the power to end the world then you should have the power to make "it" work.
Please follow the new twitter account for Mislead: America's Secret Epidemic for posts about our progress on the film! Thank you! - Tamara
Good morning #LosAngeles. I'm headed back to Columbus, Ohio again today. On my way to LAX now.
Moshcam Puts Thousands of Concerts On your iPhone
Lose yourself in a moment and own it....
i take the kids to play at holliday often, and always see groups w/grills. it's a decent option
Of course, girl. (:
thank your for RT!
in the slow process of finding little bits of time to complete some demos and ideas-in vans, at home, in airports, bathrooms...
Medical Hospital Sales candidates - send me your resume if interested in Saracuse, NY or Gainesville, FL position TOP $$$$
biebersbakery came up with it :D
The office is surprisingly quiet this morning...
If anyone wants to join the #RObot Twitter Team& help take over the world tweet your City and State & they will hook you up!
I have known them all already known them all. Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons. I have measured out my life with coffee spoons
PLEASE ANSWER MY LAST QUESTION CAUSE IM A DIE HARD MAHOMIE N I REALLY WANT TO WATCH U PERFORM LOVE YEW MAHOMIE FOR LIFE
So much city, so little time! We heart NYC.
Who were the ad wizards...
guess it's then. I gotta see this. How close was he to a HR cycle?
Being single is like a vacuum cleaner: its sucks when you're turned on
the only earbuds I've found to stay in my ears are those made by Shure. I have the SE115.
thanks! I'm sure my mudskipper will make it safely! The pilot has 20 yrs AA under his belt ;-)
Where should I put my tattoo shop? Getting ready to look for locations soon.
I know! It would be amazing if he tweeted me too! :)
o lol sorry it's just I luv Roc n I get MADD when people tawlk bout him n they ain't clean whoo :/
much appreciated Larry!
You can book me for Event Hosting, Special Appearances, Birthday Parties, and More!
- *closeup of bead of sweat moving slowly down Sam's brow* *audible exhale*
What color did you dye it?
"No, me seeing a movie with another guy tonight isn't a date. Don't worry. Also we should break up."
I guess today is National Llet's all Drive 20 mph Under the Speed Limit Day."
I'm going to agree with that.
when me and go to the Rangers game we kill more than half of the bag by the end of the game!
Being blessed is a beautiful thing. In knowing that you are blessed, how do you try and help others? :)
Yo if is following I believe that u shld too!
BROOKLYN'S HERE!
so tomorrow? Lmao
.Drum & Bass in yo Face muthafukkkkkka!!!
by "sax" I assume you mean "cock"
Nice looking loaf!
nah not real. Yet
not sure how I feel about that. :-|
damn right!
And finally, the Heat in six.
"Lead the way, straight ahead. You gave me the time of my life and cut like a knife to the bone."
In an effort to save gas post BP how about we knock this NASCAR shit off for a while? Or convert stockcars to run on biodiesel & xenophobia?
Word by word, inch by inch, nations nudge closer to agreement on #Rioplus20 final document, but still a long way to go at
I hope you got a helmet for that bike! Safety first!!!
I don't give a fuck. Never have, and maybe never will.
talking to a viewer about a story we aired...
way to go Lisa!
He should be... he was in the damn movie!
Let's get C.L.E.A.R. about Addiction, Coalition 4 Leadership, Education & Advocacy 4 Recovery conf. in Pgh. Open up, look up & let's heal us
haha! Good point, I like how you think ;)
4 Letter Word.
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professionals in the country!
Watched your youtube video.. lol. Very funny!
don't forget the day after #StarWarsDay is #RevengeOfTheFifth!
you should teach #jidf and their gang of zombies how to do something right. They seem to be advocating in a hail digital smoke.
More headshots than Call of Duty
I can't message you because you aren't following me, but please use this email: thanks!
Nothing last forever so live for Never
all kinds but london fruit is my best seller by far.
True Born Records w
This is wonderful: Senator is so comically terrible at Twitter it's funnier than your favorite parody account RT :
Drove to Knoxville and back today to pick up a buddies 64 Chevy truck. Very tired.
good luck Kei! u are the man!
Happy mother's day to Once a hater of computers is now a social media addict!
Where did you see Van Halen at?
Tebow press conference broadcast live just about everywhere. Backup QB press conference. Only this Jets regime would take that on.
I gotta say I have a lot of respect for farmers, but the people I respect the most are soldiers!
Damn. Straight.
Hitting the tanning beds.
my timeline is very very dead
followed me today!!! ahh omg made my day!! :) <333
Dick Lugar has been on Meet the Press 36 times
what city are you movino to?
Finally reading "Brewing up a Business" by Sam Calagione
So when you say "traffic has gone to the dogs" you really mean it. ;-}
at three, was when it started slipping away, though. At two, they let the Thunder get within 3. Could've made a play...
Congrats Tom! Enjoy the gift card!
Be sure to follow for Great deals, giveaways & specials in the Philadelphia area!
I'm allergic to cats, so it prob won't happen.
aww I wanted to see u! Lisa said he will be doing shows in Tampa tho so maybe I'll see u than!(:
could we please share ?:)
GoodNight All :-)
Thanks for the follow & shout out! :) RT Now following :)
I want to try those gatorade prime chews...
u live in Atlanta right now?...itz that bad??
My mother protected me from the world and my father threatened me with it. Hehe :)
Cody Is Sexy and Angels Know It (:
Looking to publish in high impact journals shouldn't be the driver of research.
wow drake goes hard on the new album.......
Upload A Video Please So I can Learn Your Dance
Enjoying the wonderful weather! Can't wait until the stanley cup begins!
LOOOL. SHE WONT RESPOND :(
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
I'm glad is asking panel about how do we talk about deeply held private beliefs in the public sphere.
Mom read the book and said it was great.
u forgot the queso samples
I seriously wanna slap you in the face sometimes. UGH!!!
I'm serious too ill buy
Does age really matter? just looks like a bacon hawk to me... :3
Yeah I don't use mine either, it's still up just in case though
How about UFC fights with more than 2 fighters in the cage? I'd watch.
Hey there, nice to meet you!
If you hold a candle light vigil in a country with no residential power, would anyone notice?
IM SITTIN AT HOME LOOSIN MY VOICE, PLEASE KUM MAKE ME SUM TEA I GOTTA PAFORM! ON MY BDAI, PPLE LOVE MY VOICE DUH
nonstop holiday movies all day today; steamed chocolate pudding with white chocolate creme de cocoa sauce; and a cracklin' fire. Nice.
Pujols: "I'm taking my talents to Anaheim ... I mean Los Angeles ... I mean Los Angeles of Anaheim."
idk. you tell me!
The NOLA Teachers Gathering may be postponed. Stay tuned & we'll let you know as soon as we get an update from Swan River.
U go to church? Hm. Where do u go? RT Enjoyed church today...even more Enjoyable seeing Dallas Clark worshipping there also
So ready for bed!!(:
did u see that td boo
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
No, sadly in Milwaukee doesn't have Not sure if they will in the future.
Haha, no doubt. I'm enjoying this duck meltdown. RT let's ride a duck
You're a hero to nature
New twitter is the worst. I can't figure out where anything is... how do I just look at who mentioned me?!?!
Yo I miss Sprite Remix
Goodnight twitter! Wish you guys coulda seen me as a pirate and to those who did...don't lie you know i was sexy (;
#Top100Lies I didn't know u cared
legitfitclothing(at)gmail.com
SHOT ME OUT OF THE SKY...YOUR MY KRYPTONITE.
I should be packin for my trip to alpena, oh well probably just pack an hour before haha
I thought we were done telling on people in 5th grade.
It's definitely been a media blitz lately, though not planned. Dark Shadows is my Waterloo.
Awh, my moms really pretty <3
spoliers: the robots always win (cc: )
you for the mention!
Just grabbed my sister from infront of a moving bus
Hope you feel better soon! ")
sorry but I'm team #teamchicken #Forever<3
Lynda as in Wonder Woman...then that was her...Such a sweetheart..I loved her!!
Donnie didn't come? I bet the place was packed.
. This is a wonderful innovative incentive. Will you consider taking any classes?
eminem has the best lyrics #reallymeans all this cracker talks about is his ex wife, his daught haley, his trailor trash mom, and 8 mile
In fairness, all 3 of LA's DPs recovering from injury and Beckham plays with broken back. Bravo said he was 100 percent.
Let's get lost in my blankets together.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. (Jim Rohn)
Step one. We gotta boost your followers
I'm suppose to be leavin for work in 4 minutes & I still gotta take a shower...ugh!! I need start payin attention to time
These niggas claim loyalty, but they ain't living it, check the scoreboard u gon see a nigga killing it
thanks!! just a few items to get you started... Lot's more from spring assortment to come!!
New episodes soon. In the meantime, check out this funny outtake. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
I think I have a serious case of tissue paper poisoning...Merry Christmas Everyone!
it may be that my roommate is gay or it may be I am super super FUNKY! You decide...
1 yr membership FREE @ www.TheGymPro.com, use promo code "fit" in the field after the Account Info page during the sign up process. FREE!!!
what's wrong with you mama?
I'm a mess, that's the best way to describe it
RT It's So hard for me to sleep without a fan
"Sparrow? More like Spar-slow" -
It is gorgeous out there!
I JUST GOT MY VERY OWN BASS BAHSNEHMSWESDJK FINALLY
#MensReproductiveRights you have a right to inform yourself on birth control options, and utilize them with your partner
is the streetball legend around here if yall didnt know twitter world!
thanks for giving us a face to put with that great look!
Good Morning everyone! Happy Wednesday!!
that was stupid!
oh well. ya never know. maybe make a day of it.
Feels like you guys are rooting for Tebow. Understand It's great TV but how about some analysis about how Pats can beat Broncos.
How did I not know Newsies is a broadway show now?
Correct but traditionally locals handle road closures.
Vernon Davis is the MAN!
Wondering how these will relate to the Video Round Table fair use study and Video At Risk study on irreplaceable VHS material
sharing spree looks interesting !
very reasonably priced too.
I care but deep dwn some is telln me not to anymore
yea I knw I ben m.i.a. Smh I jus b frustrated wit my twitter frm my phone lol but waddaup doe
I've forgotten how much fun Call of Duty is
That's the rumor going around the internet.
The 7D back and top protector were sent a few days ago. Thanks again, can't wait to see your review.
City. Wow. Just wow. Love seeing the shocked Man U fans reaction upon learning of the improbable. Congrats to QPR too. Cut Barton.
Is it possible to sneeze in your sleep? Asking since I just woke up to have a sneezing fit.
Keith Seabrook, also with the San Antonio Rampage, has one assist in three games during the playoffs
You can't lose something you never had.
same as we usually suggest - GeoCommons :)
S/o To For That Hug A Second Ago...Much Appreciated.
#1DNewEnglandContest crrrrryyyy jen a river -payne
BREAKING NEWS: I'm going to bed. Good night.
Just say you're "getting ideas", #Twitter is good for that. And boredom.
hey dude.
nothing ups with me, just a little sad and all about what I did and all :'(
Hub is introducing the kids to The Search for the Holy Grail. Help me. Send mango sorbet and People magazine, PLEASE.
RT : Rounding up the fellaz..getting ready for Championship Friday in VA...let's go
Shh, you're undermining my irrationally stubborn
Don't forget to stop by #CHOP this week at the 24/7 House at Ave X and Broadway!!!
Couldn't use phone during #arlis2012 but almost home full of great new ideas
Gettin crazeh in here with Going to perform soon!! Get here!!
hahaha the inconvenient saltwater fish?
The amazing to me about a treadmill desk is that you hardly notice how far you've walked. I'm always shocked.
Skim the bad parts, sip joyfully the good ones.
Had a dream that I was in a candy eating contest.30 seconds and as much candy as possible.I won a 4 year old punched me I puked all over him
The Sultan of Swing retired the bat on this day in 1935. Do you know who that was?
scrapbooking supplies wholesale
RT interdisciplinary: (adj.) sucking in more ways than one
Welcome girl :) love ya too
Tweet book or chapter reviews
Thanks for your support ! RT: " fantastic performance tonight! What a way to kickoff the next 75 years!"
University HS opens Legacy Bookstore downtown - Tucson Citizen University HS opens Legacy Bookstore downtown Tucson Citizen by Carolyn Cl
We had a blast too! RT : Fun day at media day. Great people and great organization. Time to get back to work in Indy.
Are you at the Center for Jewish History? Because a) I work there and b) I'll be there today!
how do i get my hand on a physical copy? it'd be my first mag cover feat
Up early, gonna pay my respects to my friend R.I.P. Chris I miss you bro
14 deals to get you started, with plenty more to go. . . www.poggled.com/milwaukee . . . check us out for #drinkspecials to get you poggled
Hi Tom!
bi polar weather...crazyy
My wife hasn't done laundry in years. It's a trust & reading issue. I don't trust her to read labels.
Hermione had her 1st puppy class and did so well! She learned to "watch me", "target" and "sit"! It helps that she is treat motivated. ;)
Good morning! New day, new attitude!
How's yall bitches day goin?
Feels good to audition for a character you truly connect with :)
Listening to Design Matters podcast talk with Maria Popova. Can def. relate to her story about moving frm Eastern Europe to US.
Follow these dudes and tell all your friends about these guys.
Listening to Chief Flynn and Margaret Henningsen speak at the MANDI Awards. Great MC picks.
#BasicEconomics - Capitalism is a PROFIT AND LOSS system. Funny how lefties never emphasize the risk of loss those evil capitalists face.
Awesome. Awesome! Funny thing, I was just thinking about the need to start tackling this stuff again. Perfect timing!
#YeahILoveThat u r with me nomatter what ppl think..
Last night was the night to play Bill in anything. He started early.
no doubt. I love new phones!
Watching you walk out of my life do not make me bitter or cynical about love
Economic issue-will Palmetto Bay council move forward w/ 2003/04 FT&I economic plans properly. w/infrastructure put in place ovr 1st 8 years
WOW REFS I LOVE YOU
a week later lol.
thanks Andy, see you tonight!
I also recommend homemade bread pudding.
Why aren't their cards for every holiday?
totally open 2 suggestions on how scraps can stop the garbage men from stealing our garbage. anyone?
Join us this SATURDAY at PIER 59 STUDIOS WEST, Santa Monica, for the opening night of MOPLA! It's a free and open event - 7pm-10pm!!
The only hitter in the AL with a higher batting average since the All-Star break than Rangers Mike Napoli (.389) is Hideki Matsui (.394).
Impossible to please GOD, WITHOUT FAITH
s/o to you too! Keep in touch@
So true!!! RT : To be old & wise, you must first have to be young & stupid.
thanks! She did great.
nail trends it is! Keep your eyes peeled for a blog about it this month!
Any American actor friends going to be in Melbourne, Australia in July? Shooting new episodes of Vegan 101 in Melbourne. Send your info.
RT : **throws panties against the wall** #TwitterLateNight ima make feel so good
I can't wait to hear what all you've been recording. I'm sure it will be awesome as usual. :D
OMG IM SO EXCITED TO EAT CHICK-FA-LA AFTER SCHOOL
I won the Art and Music gift basket at auction! Will be seeing you soon! :)
Thanks for the shoutout! I LOVE being a rockstar - LOL! Can't wait for DC mixer with
just bring the ones he has please:)
ya babay!!!! :) thank you!! She has been doing the butt cut FOREVER!!!!!!!!!
why not? Self promotion is 1 of the best...lol cause if u dnt sell u...who else will...
On Wednesday, March 16 we will be hosting a FREE Open House from 5pm-10pm w/BALSAMIC & OLIVE OIL tasting & a discussion about herb gardens!
Relaxing at the crib such a wonderful feeling
I wish some bitches cn just keep ot
I'd like to think when you start becoming the right man, the right woman will be easier to find.
you have no idea, how real I thought it was..
Only the strong survive...
Hey, no worries. Part of my interest is in privilege & the legacy of National Lampoon, which has some connection.
this is adorable!! i'm so beyond excited for you guys & your family :) :)
Gosh, I cannot imagine how you were when Probert was around snorting cocaine before games actualyl started......
I can't deal!
boy, you really don't get it do you?
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery. ~ Fulton J. Sheen
How many items do you have in your portfolio? I hear a range.
hope i get to talk to u too sis =] miss txtin u!!! night =[
Amazing sunrise at Palmetto Bluff's this morning.
Spent all day in the snow shooting a winter life style shoot, it's going to look amazing.
NEW DANK IN, GOING FAST: Grand Daddy Purple & Sour Jack! ONLY $14/G $35/8th! We are closed 4th of July! Have a fun and happy holiday SD! :)
There seems to be a going theme here... Get up. Get sick. ...Maybe I should just crawl around. Good night all... God bless!
Erasing my hard drive installing snow leapord. Lost all my plugins, trying to recover them
This RT : I wish I could personally find every guy who is in the middle of lying about hooking up with a girl and bitch slap him.
she asked where Ana, Isabel, and Natalie were. I told her
- get excited for singing, man!
WHATEVER! I HAVE NOTHING AGAINST IT, I JUST DON'T LIKE IT
He's a nice guy, but he tweets too much.
RT If I were you, I would wait for the next iPad.
Well Well Well Good Afternoon 2 All !
Stick to da drank
spongebob is the best there ever was(:
Roadhouse is on! declares it "crap". I'm stunned & speechless.
Woohoo kicked this colds ass! I credit it all to superfood and airborn. Busy week too so it's a damned good ting man.
Can anyone help? RT : Any local beer dist/brewery looking to help sponsor (we're 501c3) our beer garden? Please contact us!
They are trying to generate Revenue :P
If your college is easier than your high school... there is something wrong......
I tried. They don't work... I'll figure it out I'm sure
Only 9 seats left -- we are at 90 people -- our biggest night yet!!!
Summer Paradise With You..<3
Great deal! RT TODAY ONLY - Join California Family Fitness for just $20!!! Please RT!! :)
If MW people are looking for an after party, come to Lion's Share on Kettner.
May I suggest a name for the project? Call it "Car" :)
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. ~Erica Jong
And I learn nothing
Starting work on a new collection today at the University Archives. It's 10 boxes of unsorted booklets! Eek!
My brother is lame !
I need to tweet more I'm slacking.
***Sniff Sniff**** I miss yall already!!!
So excited to add to my Passion Party team today!!!!
while the contested shots are not by design, usually.
lol I will, I love that show anyways
Yeah, that's how I've watched in the past. But it wasn't live. :( Hopefully it will be.
There's no such thing as "Too much #pulledpork"
Good grammar is long went - The Asian Age
Im above it all.
Thanks for passing on some good news.
#Youmightbegay (boy)if your clothes fit tighter than mine . #Youmightbegay (boy)if you flat iron your hair. You just might be gay lol
Running out of coffee is the worst thing that can happen to me in the morning.
we still on?
RT : Always check over status updates with the notion that future employers are watching
Softball on a nice day. 16 inch, no gloves
Last chance to see "The Miser". Friday April 9th and Sunday April 11th at 7:30pm. www.lansdaletheatre.org.
be kind. no exceptions.
thank you! Hope all is well
aww not just yet - but in a few doe
Chile's CMPC Curtailed Newspaper Output on Power Costs - Bloomberg
so... I just followed u
We are in downtown LA at 7th and Flower, right by the metro. Stop by and get s ZICO!!
Oscar Weekend was Amazing ...... I actually just woke up. My feet are busted...lol
why then i could creap hehehe your in fayettville right now
Last night u was shaking ur ass in the club but now its sunday and u want to get on your knees and pray......
a speacil someone(;
Cool, using what hosting company?
Devoured Born Wicked by this wknd. Prob should've been doing hw but am more concerned abt what happens next w/Cahill sisters!
nothing really, just on twitter! you? (:
Just booked a gig to spin at an auto show in SF this week.
called my phone dumb in a text and then my phone wouldn't send it... well played eco phone.
I Ball hard.
Day 2 home sick and my 6 year old is organizing the crayons by color. In preparation for a crayon tag team wrestling match, of course.
WELL I GUESS THE DUMMIE KNOW NOW....SMH..AND HIS CHICK GOT LOCKED UP TOO..SMH...DONT' KNOW WHAT THE HELL TO DO
Definitely. RT MKE needs a live music revolution.
thanks for the follow! Loved meeting you in Seattle and your sharing the message of health of nutritional awareness.
Pinelands hike this Saturday in Evesham - South Jersey Local News
Yep, sure does. Definitely doesn't look like Jones. Thanks for the heads-up.
So Benson owns the #hornets AND the
Sure, I'll pretend to give a shit about new years.
Once you had the best...well thats it. No comparison.
Mayor says more kids can attend kindergarten, a lot more.
That's easy. Bacon, obviously :)
A-16 games. From a 42 year NFL season ticket holder. Don't want to see the season pushed deeper into winter
Can you give us an idea of the location? Have not heard of this until you messaged us.
gonna need a VERY large TARP?!?!? lol
Hey would you please get out of my head so i can stop daydreaming and actually be productive today? Thanks :)
Hi sorry to hear that. Let us know if we can be of any help.
Also, while I always fantasized about blaming you for scratches, that's not what I had in mind. ;-)
SOUNDS GOOD IM NOT SURE I WANT TO GO BACK TO WORK AFTER BABY COMES
Day 65 of 100: I am thankful for the tree that knocks gently in my window
Thx for the follow!
If not don't even worry about it, I'll take the PERT Tuesday. Whatever is fine :)
Today is giving new meaning to being a geek. Happy Pi Day (3.14...) and Happy Birthday to #AlbertEinstein!
I knew it was only a matter of time.
Stop being dramatic Dai! RT : I don't know why you're embarassed! I feel BETRAYED!!
Doin it big early down in savannah at Retro with 's kill it!! Happy St Pats!!
RT : Kegs & Eggs Brunch w/ Tomorrow at the #LocalUnderground 10am-4pm! Join us for Bloodies, Mimosas & Beer
This is true. you're such a good friend
your the only one
sis with an awesome name!!! Haha have a great weekend :)
Time to wash face, get PJ's on, eat some DINO nuggets, and dream about you tonight. #wishyouwerehere <3
I started out my development on a Lumia 710. Wishing for a Lumia 900. :-)
Yum! RT : eating the most delicious ceviche and tomato avocado salad. You are missing out.
RT : God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind.
Share resources RT : Q. We have this beautiful community, how can we maximize it so we can all win?
Tony Krantz (?) sold 20yr old ER script by billing it "from creators of Jurassic Park."
The greatest thing from talking with mom today is that I found out dad was the one who gave me the name Katie. :)
same... who are you going with tue? i haven't planned this well.
So I guess wearin whatever you want to wear instead of wearin some shxt erryone is wearin is considered "bummy" in Newport News..smh
Welcome Nancy! We're glad to have you!
can i be the 301st person you follow ? <3
So if I have sex with a tree, is there any chance that will help me get over this awful case of cedar fever?
Doors are open, shoppers are shopping, is rocking. come join us until 5.
yes, please!
Waaahhhhh I meant 6001st I suck butt
Make the best of your workouts... Try Flo Fusion Fitness.. If you don't like it you get your money back no questions asked...
Wow,what a shitty day!!
Enjoying Lo mein and dumplings for dinner
Holy friggen viscous intentions lol I like the new format!
I have Aldean singing me to sleep tonight!! Or keeping me up? Who knows?
your super hot, fire hot.<3(;
They're playing Breathe Carolina on 90210. Oh bby.
hell yes she is
Is there a disease that makes you hungry every second of your life? Cause I have that.
In most cases, people want to network with you not because of your talents but because of your connections
TRUTH RT : More than a little disturbed by notion that the US military should be institutional model for the rest of society.
is telling the truth! Many of my fam and friends r uncomfortable and I know preachers who will preach against this.
Nah, I'm not. I'm just the only one who realizes how Fi-ON you are. Be patient he's coming.
fukin mr. b want my ass on twitter huh lol
Ohio's March #unemployment rate will be released Friday at 8:00 am.
Did the elevator smell like Drakkar Noir (then you know the culprit!) or are you just bringing your work home with you?!
Q6: Natl, state, and local leaders must work together in coalition to share networks, resources, and tools to improve
Ugh bout to leave my house
Alaska & Michigan aren't looking good.
Im thankful for the beautiful daughter god has blessed me with and for giving me a way to give her the world Happy Thanksgiving Savior!!!!
can you please give a shoutout to me !! and my question is will u guys ever come to hawaii ?? (:
DIRTY LITTLE TRICK starring is on #Netflix streaming? Sweet!
Going to BMV, SS card, birth certificate, passport, first born child. One is bound to work, for new license.
1D is getting is becoming a big hot with what make you beautiful !!!!!!
Not worried about who we have to replace Gamel. Ishikawa, Conrad, Hart, we're fine there. But I am pretty bummed about him.
Held store door open, not seeing the 2nd inside door also open. Ran into its edge and almost knocked myself out; black eye likely. Idiot.
Ok thats it for me. Have a great night people!
My mam wants me to be indie aw
Looks like Nba wants to see Heat and Thunder in Finals. So obvious ..
Fast and Furious marathon on TV? o.o Definitely not leaving my couch tonight.
M fresh coffee on a rainy day. Nothin beats it.
Just... don't...tweet about it again. Please. Next thing we know, The Milk Fic will be trending.
": Why do I only think of cool sayings after I've seen em on a Tshirt?? ;-/" !! Totally. I hear you!
This woman is all about courage. She was kidnap'd and raped 2.5yrs ago outside her salon. Now she's holding a fundraiser for Golisano kids'
i hate bein :-x
:) good idea
This is it!! Today is #QBM11 day! 4 to 9pm. concert 9pm. Tomorrow 9am to 4pm. Del Mar Hilton. thequeenbeemarket.com
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. -- Satchel Paige
sounds good
If you need an artist I can help, A painting or drawing with you and the doggy would be amazing!
congrats on all your bookings!
Ah, so sad about #WhitneyHouston. Also sad that Maya Rudolph can no longer parody her in good taste.
CBRE named global integrator of real estate services for Microsoft's 34 million-sq.-ft. global portfolio.
Enerchia tip of the day: Sprinkle #chia on foods such as yogurt or salad to get a boost of energy.
Wha? 8 Mile is on Instant View! We are so watching that again tonight.
CBP is such an awesome park. It never gets old.
Oh snap!
Even though I'm a #Deboralien I still love Ariana!!! Which is why ArianaHasOurHearts FOREVER!!!!!!!
Let's see who can come up with the funniest hash tag for moving while isn't here.
Don't tell me what to do, Billy!
i would love too! Naa more like #mom #3 lol
Hey ladies if your mam gives u good head, retwett thid
This was a fun weekend!
Shit will be talked about me, rumors will be spread, I just gotta ignore it
Please don't stop the music :)
If Constitution protects right to privacy, then your concerns with healthcare invasions of privacy can be redressed by courts...
Love this advice from : If you have spare $$ for #mobile testing, use it for user testing.
you still in the boro?
Tyler, you actually look like a mixture of all those.
But since it sheridans daughters' routine she still wants to work on it! I would need to rechoreograph the whole ending
that's good, and that's what I heard
Thank You!!
Anyone with an extra Google+ invite?
Getting a disposal for my bday, I've reached the age where that is super exciting to me. Clothes? Shoes? Jewelry? NAH! Just gimme plumbing!
Being cursed with fast growing beard genes <
If no one followed me on , would the sun still come up?
If I hear any one of Adele's overplayed songs again so help me God!!!! O_o
oh totally. I think House and Witchfinder General were his most villainous roles. Also Mask of Red Death. Can't forget that.
Crazy that I am in Minneapolis at the same time as the American Association of Museum meetings and am missing them. Conference tsunami.
Thanks for following, we love your work!
I see Cherie Johnson has opened a restaurant in Houston. I may have to go check it out.
haha I still got it ;D
B-fucking-s Toledo...
Tell me something
Thanks for the tweet! :)
super weird brah. I just watched that youtube video "brew" the other day. Reminded me of you. Haha you want a brew, brew?
OK. i've styled my profile just the way I like it... oh and by the way: I'm close to 100 Tweets. Follow me evryone!!!!
Try ZonePerfect. The Chocolate+Graham and Chocolate+PB are really good.
Twisting Sunday night at The Great Wall Restaurant in Bedford, Ma. from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Come in and Visit!
Thunder storm in SF! Cozy. Dog hates it.
I sounded good huh
Gotta love my city #Houston !
I spent 1 hour and 15 minutes Bicycling. 698 calories burned.
Tipsy Tuesday Ladies Night at Crisp! Free Martinis for the Ladies and 2 for 1 everythings! Thanks to !
Tonight: A Party For Drinking, hosted by and her housemates. Day two of the #sorryliver weekend.
How Merlot can you go?
Saw show. Iv-7 Germ Defense 1st EPA appr 30 yrs; anti- bacterial, anti-fungal, anti-viral..Unlimited uses..So safe can spray in mouth
Thank you so much Aeicha!
Played 3 rounds in 6 days... 76 76 78...want to be under par so bad
i just added all my new followers thanks and i hope everyone had a safe and fun holloween check out my new pic's add me pimp me
After a couple days on a balance bike, Alex Beck is riding a big boy bike without training wheels.
I don't wanna go get a shot later :(
I have Tiny Monster stuck in my head. Thanks a lot . :)
I like #vegmamas too, but twitter has taught me to be mindful of character counts!
replied to me!!! Now only if I can get and to reply too!! CAN YOU GUYS PLEASE FOLLOW ME????
- Of course after tears down the entire North wall, the bldg is now "a threat 2 human life, health, safety"
Remember that time Dashboard Confessional were a thing?! Anthem to your emotional mental breakdown. Don't lie.
Brittany legit talks in her sleep.
if you want to follow a great MAHOMIE account go follow they follow back :)
When it's just because you love me You'll let me Maybe
"Wooded Area" neighborhood name is very muich used (and coveted) in Point Loma
sure - we could do a webex or similar. When are you holding the class?
I would love to send you some free recordings of mine mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
Just finished an intense 24 hour session of non-stop design. With Very proud of our work.
I just have to admit that it's all coming back to me
have a great one and if you ever start to doubt how great 30 is, let me know.
Yum! Great choice, Kaitlyn!
too many big words: Revenue, Stream, Debt. let's make fun of sumthin!
OH: "Perhaps our geeky lab guy should have a bigger head?"
They are in a hurry too and we might be out of class early. I'm going to tell them 1:45.
So are these storms ever going to calm down?
that's great I'm happy for you. Nephew
where are you???
I've moved from getting on the internet to just being on the internet full time.
Like any great sporting franchise or. Business organization success often come down to leadership and team
Thx for the cool shout out!
Wazzzzzzzzzz up w/ u girl?
Any chance youll still be in the Minneapolis area on Wednesday 12/14?
Dang! I havent been on twitter in forever!!!
Like I said to you (er to Jeffrey Dallas LOL) today, I am inspired by how you got started as well as your skill and tenacity.
I'm still not against taking a corner in the 1st. I wouldn't mind DT, CB, RB, LB, DE. Depending on the player of course.
teaching style has nothing to do with charter vs. non.
Watching Seether, Shaun is like Kurt Cobain reincarnated. Everything about him is Kurt.
by the way, my birthday is in December! I love to celebrate!
so cal so what?
Q;How Come we never hooked up? A; Cause Youu Think You Can Play Out Every Girl That Hook Up With You And Im Not Down With That Bro!!
Super tired. Super bowl tommorow RT if your watching it. Night <3:-p
summer 2012 is so close <3
I'm bored & my mentions are dead... Tweet me which bromance you ship the hardest! (: go go go!
Damn creeping on OLD tweets haha
Any way I can get copy of your slide on ideas for tweets and Tw Campaigns?
We've been hanging up the bunting and planning so many great things for you, Denver! Stay tuned for the goods on CRAFTIN' CARNIVAL!
Today is the 22nd. And I thought it was like the 14th. But we just celebrated my mom's bday on the 16th...
Yes. That's okay.
Can't believe it's been 10 years!! RT : Practice? We talkin bout practice? We talkin bout practice mane...
Decluttering...what do you do with all the rosaries and crucifixes you received as a child? You can't just THROW them away...can you?
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
Am trying to prep for training ed museum staff on new iPads for use in museum. What do they need to know?
<-- Oh hey look my picture changed.
! Aye Foo Lets Work
Springers book give aways were pretty cool
Lol and this day gets worse, this would happen :p
-.- that nigga is something else lol .. I went to get tatted afta that lol ..
RT : Ck12, leaders in open textbooks. FWK used in my class for few years. Positive feedback from students.
Im not hating on Sveum, but for Theo to say the new coach must have "extensive" managerial experience, Im sorry a hitting coach aint that.
Got funniest Mother's Day card from - but if he does get #tattoo of "Mom" there, I'll tan his hide!!
Now that is confirmed to be in Norway my next guess is that at some point he's headed to Svalbard and Jan Mayen...
great job yesterday! You guys are awesome!!!
I endorse
It's going to be the kind of week spent entirely in front of Microsoft Word.
ya but go to gamestop more points
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth Stupid moth
arrived in Michigan to find out the BEST. NEWS EVER!!!!
#PinkTip Focus, focus, focus. Block out time to focus on your goals each day.
got it! Decided on no hat huh? Hah
Act Like a Big Grrrrrrl in Bongo at 4:30. Come see these amazing women!
Love those caution lights at Texas!
aw I'll e your friend :3
Thanks for reminding us about our newest tap. We love that a brewery is across the street Check out their tours!
Super fun Happy Hour! Ended the evening w drunken "I Love Rock'nRoll". Good time had by all!
I am attending the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society Leadership Conference this week. Such a great organization and cause!
Is it okay to fall asleep while waiting at the hospital?
We would love to. None of us have ever left the country and we have a whole new record's worth of music to play!
Ahh...I love the end of the day when I can put my feet up and sip some vino.
Guess I missed any substantive "discussion" on twitter re it and FBook and #malcomgladwell 's New Yorker article? He had many good points.
you're welcome! I only recommend the best!
& Fullstache team great job! I just had *another* friend find he's got prostate cancer. 6 friends w cancer in 2011.
one out of three consumers who have scanned a QR code have a household income of at least $100,000, according to comScore.
Ha! RT : It's a good news day in Cincy when the afternoon's top story involves zombies.
Zombie fights > twitter fights
Stupid ass fight fucked up my night, ugg fck !
Taco Fiesta is awesome and now you have me craving it too!
The White Star Line was building 20th century ocean liners with a leader-follower management style that was 10,000 years old.
I get them confused too - the way I remember is that the big end of the V always opens up to the thing that's better.
we all know we will die so when someone else dies (who we dont know) we are sad... then again we can put ourselves in the families shoes
i wonder how much would charge for a booking in the UK? it would probably be like... thousands of dollars? -sigh-
Gave my 1st talk at #NYLA11 on mobile tech. Now sitting at lunch trying to stay awake until my next talk at 2. Jet lag sucks.
ME TO BUT SOME NIGGAZ DON'T GOT NO CONTROL IN DA DARK AND PISS ALL ON DA FLOOR THE CRAZY SHIT IS THEY LEAVE IT THERE NAZTY SHITT
read this about : "He did the raps for MC Skat Kat, known for the Grammy winning "Opposites Attract" w/ Paula Abdul." <--LMAO!
What do we have to do to be included?
S/o to the ethnic ppl behind me trying to realy sing this national anthem lol
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents, despite every effort to teach them good manners
without us you're just a pay check... Wait....
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you realize you cant sleep BC youre laying in the most awkward/uncomfy position so that your dog IS comfy...
girlfriend says to boyfriend my boobs are small i need a boobjob boyfriend says my hands are small i need a handjob
dude. ours is better. just you wait.
once u go forward u cant go bac
Bought four bottles of co-op hot sauce over lunch. That's a totally normal thing to do.
MORNING TO ALL MY SEXY FOLLOWERS!
I see the #slut is still sitting in the front row at #brewer games.
3bottles in the bathroom at work. Overnight shift must have been interesting.
Stupid long day today, but I made it! Now to get ready for this Hawks game performance tomorrow...
would love to see woods get a shot
People who steal other people stuff is a true bitch. Hate to say that word but .... its the truth!
yes. But they won't need to
please do I'm gettinga couch this weekend!
Or maybe I won't. RT Cotto says if Floyd runs or comes at him, he is ready. We will see. Can't replicate Mayweather in sparring.
yup yup yup! :-P
It's a little ridiculous how many times I keep making the same mistakes
RT : People are pouring in to for Derby Day! Come out and enjoy the celebration!
Aw, thanks! We're in good company. We'd recommend all of those, too.
I hate cleaning my room!
No U.S. access to Afghan killing sites
Q: How many republicans does it take to raise your taxes?A: None. The democrats do that.
Now following , Sike I've been following him for a long time
Kickin it at #devlearn booth 225 today, great group from Sharing the love of maestromobile and brainbin a learning community.
Off to see my fried Jody from for breakfast.
Don't ever doubt The Coen Brothers
Y'all know I have a weakness for Caribbean men and Caribbean food. Just let me live. Muahaha.
love adventure near and far! Could use some inspiration at the moment please.
Thanks and welcome to all of our new followers from #FollowFriday!
I can't believe that doesn't exist yet
...regardless, I suggest keeping the handle you have now.
Take Cover Kisses!
We are resuming the panel again, starting with app# 120021 Indianapolis Theatre Fringe Festival.
Make it 6 through 3 ip.
Also I have a new theory about the anonymous owner of the #archimedespalimpsest. That's just a bonus on top of an amazing exhibit.
RT Bobby Valentine told me he met with the #Brewers but "nothing is ongoing" and no follow-up meeting has been scheduled.
To be conscious that You are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge - Benjamin Disraeli
It's Cold outside....Try a Bowl of Tempura Udon....Dine-In/Take-Out/Free Delivery. 1620 Market Street....
RT if you love your fans from all around the world. :)
How come Ryno good enough to interview in person for team that just WON the World Series but not the Cubs?
Are you serious? If the Yanks or Phils would have won, I would NOT have watched. Now I will since Yanks/Phils aren't in it.
aw, shucks. thanks, max! see ya in nyc this weekend?
Best definition of Tangible Interaction Design so far lol "You create meaningful conversations with desks"
Congratulations on the win!
I want to hear all about it!
Breakfast @ Corner Baker
You should bring me a beer... :/ wine, blech!
Jennifer is such a fun writer. Reading Good In Bed now.
So you want a mix of hilarious & average funny RT : Im not interested in you unless you're a mix between Donald Glover & Jimmy Fallon
Thanks for the mention, Shannon. Have a great week!
"if happy ever after did exist, then i would still be holding you like this, all those fairytales are full of shit..."
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes in San Antonio TX.
So you of those weak people who stopped using it smh
looks great!!
RT : The only person you can change is you. ~
Mowing the grass is for peasants!!!.. but I'm on a rider.. so I'm cool .... lol
Gone head girl, claim yo throne.
We can no longer tweak old curriculum to meet new needs-deSigning curriculum is taking on a new face
The internet lied to me!
If any #cville folks are in DC, former locals are playing an "unplugged" set at the Smithsonian Museum tonight!
Okay. I have a rehearsal tonight so I need to have some major time with my script now. See you all soon.
The Fifth Element fan in me is compelled to say "Leeloo Dallas MultiPress"
Thanks glad you like them.
Tickets on sale now! www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
Shut up They're lucky they got that rebound.
Interview for what media?
Avoid wishful thinking by identifying risks and learning how to place realistic expectations on your projects.
How are you feeling about the #NBA team signups and resignations?
Derby Street Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover currently is at $19,298.00 and growing!
Julian: "My Milkshake-" Am I the only one who heard Julian say that?!
Yeah. Hawk fans can stfu now!!!!
thanks for the tweets (:
I'm of the opinion that limit hold 'em should always be played with a kill. Am I right?
So... Scott Thompson's excuse is that he has so much trouble using Word, that he accidentally added a CS degree to his resume?
Sitting on I-10. Would like to say it drives me crazy, but that implies movement.
is having a stupid discussion about Bill Maher giving $1 million to Obama's Super PAC. Waste of air time.
A new day
Everything is always so back and forth.
So tired.
Dont have time for a Party??? Join my mailing list! email: to leave ur info.
Lol... they all say that bro.. Okc bout to pop you by 30 if not more!
Congrats to #CDW for winning Americas reseller of the year! #kickoff12 cc
Part 3 of my "It's Time To Clean Up Poker' series is here. This one talks about how, if we want to be treated with respect, we .... (cont.)
Tip #103: Tell the great players how great they are. Ask their advice occasionally (respect them).
some football action in this weather right now? lets do this!
like dyson? It'd take Mitch over him at this stage of the season.
That's alright, Talia was already being a good girl and she's sleeping and I was studying so no stress babe
Best headline ever: EGYPT ERUPTS IN JUBILATION
"the young agent" gets healthy starting today. i will be holding memorial services for my love of all things fried later today :'(
can I get a followback please?
I didn't know about it. You guys will have to keep me in the loop on these things.
it's the mutual admiration society. middlemen "dealmakers" and "connectors" would cease to exist without it.
it starts at 7:30 and ugh i hate it when u ask that question!!! And its fine
And Paul McCartney closes the live 30 Rock in SNL style? Iheartthisepisode
RIP. What car/truck are you getting next?
yes, please send details to
Now their crip calling...its time for me to go not now but right now
Tillman's a solid contender> I really hope he get's it. Lot's of changes this offseason for our team. Hope we're in NOLA in '13.
A free dozen to the first person who can guess 10/25 featured flavors for #supersaturday!
Good morning Houston! Another beautiful day...we hope to see you at Zuma today!!!
lmfao! Your done and word I've been wanted that shit!
Hope you all are having an amazing weekend! Love you guys!!
People who worked there don't seem happy. Heard one yesterday saying they never get over 19 hours
I love the movie Valentines Day .. And seeing .. Definitely never gets old.
lol or sisters keeper... Have you seen that?
On the plane in buffalo headed to NY then on to PAP. Team is great!
The loudest sound on earth is the unbearing silence
not all beers are for everyone. I can appreciate a good stout, but it's not, nor will it every be, a favorite style of mine.
You too cute to be working at 5 guys
It's May already?! Ahh! Happy Tuesday, and MAY, all!
Devonte Lively enters not guilty plea to murder 2nd charge in death of Larie Butler - families were a bit emotional after court
I love you Pizza Hut. <3 So please bring me my pizza now! I'm still waiting...
I'm so excited for #NewZealand I could scream!
no. :( I don't think they'll like it.
Whenever retweeted, the rocky theme song should automatically start playing from your phone or computer so strangers can know you're awesome
Some people suck...I mean REALLY suck.
I hate that fake baby voice Courtney does. IMO This #bachelor just doesn't want to send the slut home b4 sealing the deal.
haha maybe we can chill cuz ill be down here, july im moving :o
loved seeing on today a mere days after Jessy visited and my Women in the Civil Rights class!
Gsag is our alert
I commend Gov Tomblin on his diligence, am eager to see what legislation is proposed based on the report's findings
Details for the #cleveland #criticalmass December 2010 ride posted on Facebook and clevelandcriticalmass.com. Join us!
It rained in Phx today. My car is now sparkly clean
What is on Vienna's lip!? I can't take her serious or focus on her when she talks!
Don't forget tonight visits 304 South St. after show w/ FYI #davidcookhasbeeninvitedtodobbs BE 8pm
C.O.B. salads though >>>
yup here now
After a rehearsal last night I dreamed that I was living my character's life. Love it when that happens.
Cold cookies and warm milk. What's good?
Let's be more intrigued and fascinated with people's unique genius not there weakness!
I'm really going to miss middle school,:/
We've been cooped up in our rehearsal space, so we can't wait 2 go into the studio tomorrow to lay down a few tracks. Watch for vids & pics!
Twitter poll: How long before starts denouncing everyone who tweets about Adam Yauch?
yeah looks like it was pretty lame. Having survived some Texas hurricanes this is nothing. how'd you manage?
Any idea what the raindate policy is for kickball? Double-headers?
lmao!!!!! My phone be dry
WT EDITORS: Jessica is #reading The Unnamed by Joshua Ferris, which is about "a man who can't stop walking."
Our next #AfterHours event is tomorrow 6-8pm at ! Wanna come? Email
Scheduled to sign my book "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid" tomorrow, 4-21, 12-2pm, @ Barnes & Noble, Valparaiso, Indiana.
we'd play madden all-nite!!!
Was worried for a while... RT : OMFG Mickelson in the lead! ALL IS WELL AGAIN IN AFFLUENT WHITE AMERICA
well I would have a hard time concentrating to if I knew plans were being made about my awesome birthday brunch!
I'm a good enough person to forgive you,but not stupid enough to trust you...
lmfao if ur so much better y didn't he call u? LOL this is my practice session, u know kids don't lie.
just got home from Church, what a wonderful harvest service!!! How was everyone else's Sunday?
why are you so handsome? :)
im just warning you /:
move here D;
good morning Howie. Hope everything goes good with nothing today!!
Do your co-workers dislike you as much as the rest of the world? We can help! Show up with Screaming Goat breakfast tacos and feel loved!
look like a Mississippi Sasquatch
LET'S GO HOKIES!
love examples of HTML5, especially the geo-located text, on the #niso webinar today
at first i thought your hashtag was #twitterproblems and i wondered how you got 650 words to fit into a tweet!
The weather forecast for today said 'abundant sunshine' :-D
Organic, gluten-free, and sugar-free muffin mixes coming soon from Sweet Debbbie's!
Ha, the guy sitting next to me at the reserve game is an MLS official. I think he keeps the stats or something
There is TOO MUCH GOOD TV. D: Wait, that's a good thing ...
Exactly, and an uninjured brained ranks pretty high on my list, too.
I think you would be interested in the discussions on this string
You cannot solve a problem from the same consciousness that created it. You must learn to see the world anew. Einstein #TDL"
#IWantYouTo remember what we once had
Oh you didn't think you'd wind up in triage? Better start dying for real then.
Watching T.V, The View and the Price Is Right.
Breakthrough let the pain of the past drown in darkness as you run to the light and dance in FREEDOM
If i have a daughter, i'm naming her Olivia Marie, Caitlin Marie, or Jasmine Victoria :)
Go Clippers! RT SoCal fans, come out to a stop on our Lunch Date tour & you could win tix to a Laker game!
Miami has full practices of learning whether to do a forward head nod or backwards when they get bumped by a player
Shh... RT : When are the #grizzlies going to make Chris Paul go LEFT??
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 7
Im pretty sure im going to be sore tom.
Yes Pitbull, We know what you mean.
I think Pasadena underestimated the power of Chinese street food, it was traffic chaos.
Attempting to get back on board with all of my social networking. Making a whole-hearted effort this time around!
+1 RT : those were not the odds I was looking for.
Time to kick butt on this final
Like the look of #Edmodo, any suggestions as I branch out on my own?
call me maybe is on the radio(: lol hell yess
... There was cheesecake?!
#NW White Chicks
: guess what I bought tonight on iTunes? By my side! I love that song.keep up the wonderful work(:
#Nutella brownies are amazing. Can't wait to eat them!
I keep thinking of things like "Mannibble" and "Beloved," because I go for "My young man." BUT WE WILL GET THERE
Don't see left-handed bassists often!
mos def! Hit me up when you get in.
Thanks for the
thanks for finding for me! U rock!
Tomorrow I go Behind The Scenes at the Farmers Insurance ProAm with Padres' pitcher Heath Bell on the green! 5-7am
We used to call it Brown Eye
thanks ;) whats up
Incoming from Norway ADL conference: The Gamification of everyday life: the future of serious games Sara de Freitas
yea use "mojobreak" for 10% ..thanks!
i will be conducting the color guard before the game tomorrow, Go bucks go!
Play with her pussy , not her heart .
Ha! This was fun
Men piss me off! I fucking hate dead beat dads!
It is but notice I didn't answer it. Lol
what is all this brook crap about
Or did you mean "client"?
Do you play 85/15 on the hoops plays as well??
YOUNG WILD AND FREE :)
is in Arizona?? I need confirmation???
Playing with the Jacksonville Children's Choir today. Should be a fun gig!
All these fairytales are full of shit!
#FF - debut album's about to drop! I am still tired from this girl's 'b-day' in Vegas ;) Keep an eye out for this beautiful girl!
I'm so Gratefull and I just want to say thank you....
Pizza man fire top of mind today. Suspected arsonist starts trial today
Event planning experts - Any suggestions for creative & fun #team #building activities for groups of 300+?
love it! Have not read all, but looks really interesting so far! Thanks for sharing!
i have so many old embaressing tweets opidshgjsdg;ilaesg
Idk but especially when the wires are cold. I just sit there intertwining them between my toes.
Waking up with the same motivation I fell asleep with.
Yesterday was fun tho
You missed an awesome show!!! Krit & Bun B performing together...Man!!!
Kentucky having their way with Kansas right now. This is what I was afraid of. Not looking good for KU.
You just know when you know
Who all graduating with me Friday?
SURE! Yolks? I live on the square so anything within walking distance is good for me!
what?I gotta vent sometimes too. Lfmao. Thats rite though, sometimes u just gotta roll with these punches rather than against em
Stop asking me stupid questions.
Sitting in hotel in Winchester on business. Hotels are intersting. Good people watching. But too much time to think when on the road.
tell your momma happy mothers day as well babes <3 :*
Afghanistan is one thing, but it's not just neocons that support the endless-by-definition GWOT, unfortunately.
hahaha... that there's tour life ingenuity! What CAN'T be fixed with a little gaff tape really?
TIO (Tweet it On) and RT --- FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! ---- CAMPAIGN in the USA.
actually, pretty sure that I DO...the numbers donT lie abt who is not watchG #Girls: Michelle Obama, most decent ppl!
Jill it's so f'in scary. It has weapons :) I impressed my self this time.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
i enjoy reading your political opinions haha
Thanks, we are happy to help! RT Thank you for the carry out that filled the hole in my soul this eve.
no problem !!! and happy birth day ... ure lucky to tweet u
2 hrs of sleep & now I'm in bed! Nappy times are the best!!
In the Game of Thrones you win or you die.
needs to answer my calls sometimes D:
#shoutout to my newest follower
thank you
consider yourself followed
Running Rebels needs #tutors. Please email Emily at if you or anyone you know wants to tutor!
-Baird Community Involved Player of the Year: A.J. Hawk (Green Bay Packers); for his work with local charities.
Much better!
AKA eating at Bluegrass Grille?
- so, a combination love affair and Vulcan mind meld. Party on.
Peace is flowing like a river! When you ride in the #peaceride -- peace will flow around the earth :)
Some teenagers my age are out drinking nd having sex. Then there's me like "I love food"
Zach Galifianakis was asked "who are you wearing" and responded "geranimals." Love it!
My headphones weren't plugged into my computer completely, so everyone could hear. A feminist podcast. Very quietly. So close to a result...
I assume he means heady sci-fi with less Strauss and more action, which is fine, but yeah it sounds tone deaf
Everyone go follow now haha
hey soul sister by Train.
Since I'm home sick from school today, I guess I should catch up on watching .
Thanks for the mention, !
It is killing me not being Austin this year for SXSW....NEXT YEAR!
Stamped Concrete Info Staining Concrete Floors Follow Us !
bahahaha. Just made my day
You know I always do. :)
please check out , she is a beast up there in Bham! :)
Private event @ the convention center (hotel w/o hotel) went great & Ghetto Blaster tore it up!
TGIF! Don't forget this Sun is Earth Day. What are you doing to celebrate Mother Earth?
Just had a deep, philosophical discussion on CSV in GIS in workshop by
Nothing really. I'm not in school!:)
Are they taking Opie off the radio?
Wow. Thanks!
she's happy because y'all finally took a pic of her we:3
Wondering if my little sister is gay.. I won't let that define her tho...
right! But it's too many pills and they're gigantic!
RT : S/o street team...lookin like an entire school class out on a field trip..hittin the streets w
I'm enjoying the rain in LA - it's cleaning our city and gives a sense of a peaceful quiet.
surf surf surf
I've always wanted a pet pig too! Maybe we can adopt one together and have joint custody?
"Is that a finger?!"
Great did you follow us yet?
All Systems Go for the Wednesday Morning Drive....
i might be going to a couple of your shows!!!
risotto night so white here, but I like rose. It makes odd looking risotto, btw.
im convincing my mom to get me a pass for bg pass ;p
Awesome! RT : That's a "Let's Go Mountaineers" chant that just broke out at PNC Park for the #Pirates #Nats game.
it wasn't anyone's to steal. All music has influence from other music.
OMG - I <3 that movie!
Congrats to the new Tournament Coordinator for - welcome to the team!
oh lord -_-
saw #breakingDawn last night.....best momvie out of all them
Loud birds before dawn or a leaf caught in the gears?
perhaps, but most guys don't have the florist write "sorry for being a dick." lol
No decent free video editors I know of on windows. Ulead / Corel is good for $50, or Premiere Elements
It's much funnier that way.
Sad, sad day. RIP Adam "MCA" Yauch.
Our hearts yearn for simplicity. Jesus reduced the entire Scriptures down to this: love God and love others! Simple is good!
as long as you came across with the info.
We're experimenting with using a backchannel to enhance our videoconference meetings
Loving the atmosphere in the office today.
I Love You Two
Happy Thanksgiving!
at least you get me t nasty
Have you seen Yours!!!
Be Encouraged! Pas
let me know if we have to reschedule tomorrow's lunch due to snow. Not sure if it will be bad or if it is just hype.
We support #Baltimore's new advocacy group! Join us for happy hour at Liam Flynn's Ale House 22 W. North Avenue Fri 4/20
lol. Girl I walked in slow bcuz my neck was hurting.
only people who never get text feel like that
One- on- one relationships are key to doing business. It's how you gain trust. Networking is so important!
What should you do if you are on a picnic with King Kong? Give him the biggest bananas.
#IATEFL that actually sounds like a good complaint!
Word Up Soccer Fans - Catch some footy with 2 matches this Sunday: SUN 8am - Man. United VS Arsenal SUN 11:30am - Inter Milan VS Lecce
Yes, indeed - moments for reflection in office yesterday in his honor - Thank you
heyy girl, long time no talk !! i miss you :\
wait how exactly did she say she wanted it? & do i do both essays
Watching a 9/11 tribute on #Fox_News. Very interesting, but it's still hard to watch the footage.
Have a great move! We'll miss you. Please wave from across the river! *muah*
It's such a nice day for Gorgeous out!
3 day weekend!
Just did the hardest intense workout ever I feel amaziingg
tell me about it. at least my loyalties were split with wisconsin, so i didn't make any rash decisions.
My roomates are grilling brats.. I need to get outta here before I eat every last one
Legos & Stuffed Animals pulled from drains this week, something clogging your drain? Give us a call 919-325-0180
hahaha it's not THAT bad!
Stunning paper. Nice eye!
That which is not data does not exist
That's Hyundai Genesis coupe.. Don't dog it, these things are pretty sick. 348hp in the new V6...
I am currently sitting on my doorstep likka poor homeless kid.
PARENT: We need to talk. ME: *Million things run through my mind. What did they find out about!?* PARENT: Stop leaving the lights on.
Was it for Literature by Women of Color?
now following my fav bro in clementine >>>>>>>>>>>>>
The secret of life is... How do YOU finish it?
In American History, starving to deaths. :-(
What do a pair of heels, Theory trousers and an oversize MN fotball T have in common? My current outfit outside right now
I miss this:(
thanks for sharing your thoughtful remarks abt. interoperability and mobility features with the group!
yeah I haven't.
we'll do #kingsisland another time. Just be
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. - William Butler Yeats
Logan Co. State's Attny: Bond now set @ $1 million for Jeremy Yates, 32 y/o accused of beating & robbing bartender @ Korn Krib in Latham.
why you like Doan?!
I wonder how many girls have churned butter in that dress Taylor Swift is wearing.
#MittRomneyFilms: Liar, liar.
jesus lord, tumblr's down. grrrrrr.
do you move things around? Like unplugging & stuff
thank you : )
We have outside seating for a rare sunny Seattle day. Come by and enjoy your panini and coffee a fresca. 101 Stewart (at 1st at the Market)
haha that's funny!
Free Food, Music and Llamas? Check it out at Club Deville now!
These next two weeks<<<<
Just woke up in Detroit, MI! Getting ready to play today =)
point them out
my abject disdain for tweets about the weather is only matched by how incredibly this fall downpour is complimenting my current playlist.
Who else loves these two games today?! I know I'm LOVING it!
So,3 of my friends are going to the TRAIN CONCERT @ the Gulf Coast.I follow TRAIN on TWITTER
We're hoping for more sunny days like today this coming summer, that's for sure! RT : Man I miss that view from Alki!
haha yes i am (;
Morning Internet World!! Alot of great things to come this year!! God is truly blessing. Got alot of dates coming up between Feb and March.
I used to hate walking... now I love it.
And professionally, if I ever fear for my job, that's when I find a new one.
you tell 'em tina!
Ian know a angle could b so sexy!
I want to go home.
Let's go Marquette!!
There's a new grunter at my gym. And the worst part is that he grunts his rep count.
yeah that's true... That's good u had fun.... How's life and how's ur mom been?
Playing at the Freakin' Frog TONIGHT in Vegas!
Maybe you never should have domesticated your peeves.
I love it when you talk dirty to me.
.... Damn right JUNIOR ... rock those Carpenters tunes !!!!
I admit sometimes it hard for a nigga to say how he truely feel to females..
RT : I believe that is Mr. Nafziger himself... am I correct? #uwrightnow <- "The man, the legend, the conference room"!
Two nights in Vegas free for a limited time!!! RT please so your friends can get a trip while they last!!
Feels like Seattle was just annexed by Narnia.
sorry, it's just what i heard, brah. can't help it if you guys got that rep (heard from an irish person actually)
Thanks to our amazing 2010 sponsors! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
Awesome time at Sig. Chefs w/ Now off to w/
who in the admin?
I'm swoll you ain't over here with us
Come by the Comcast Call Center in Plymouth today from 12-4pm and check out the 2012 Grand Prix IndyCar!
hey shitter you still have to swim tomorrow. Ps bring me home some
please RT or write back to me... that would mean the world to me :D i love you so much you are one of my fav country singers!
yeah you are totally right, she's being a bit "snarky" ha! I guess we would expect nothing less from ol'Veronica!
if we're going to be lunching when you're on the hill...i have three words for you: SUIT UP SON!
absolutely! Let's do it!
This page got hacked unfollow it and follow my new page for a quick followback
i was just bored i guess;) showin' some love for the Mahoneeee ;)
Oh yes! I'm proud of you. Also, I'm clearly getting a lot more done by trolling twitter....
I should get a cheap vibrator and travel w/ it in carry on. Just to bug them.
What's the % of Lexus, BMWs and Mercedes in the I-15 toll lanes? Are they truly 'Lexus lanes?' Find out Saturday
Spring Formal!
I'm looking forward to it!
Pretty productive day considering I never bothered putting on shoes.
thank you ma'am
Mann who you tellin.??! It irkes tf out of me!
thanks bro. How did the auditioning go by the way?
Happy fathers day!
Go Pirates! I hope they can keep the momentum going. I'd be nice to see them do well, and give us some good news for a change.
THREE email newsletters this morning on how to effectively use Facebook for marketing. Give it up, people. Ain't gonna happen here.
A 75mm-long bone of a Velociraptor helps scientists learn about the 75million year old dinosaur.
Thanks for the RT, Miss L!
So Odom pouts his way out of Dallas just like Fisher did in Houston. Its a broken league when guys can quit if they dont play for LA or MIA.
RT 6 for $5 burgers again thanks to the Brew Crew! Stop in before midnight (tonight) to get the deal!
Fuck we have to go to Hernandez's for 3rd.
awww i love u too <3
that's crazy!
I just squeed my pants.
I wish there were a Find My Car app.
Happy Friday yal
That vid is too funny not to watch
SNAP works, don't change it. Changes mean cost increases. -Craig Gundersen
I'm at a wedding bro
It's too soon. I can't talk about the game yet. Congrats though
I need more shoes...
Felt like it to me, too, for a while there. Looking forward to seeing you in a couple of weeks!
I thought of you instantly. xo how's the jack-hammering?
If you can't stand your gf/bf but you stay with them bc you love them- YOU DON'T, stop being selfish and move on.
You can blame the Founding Fathers for a lot of things, but you can't blame us for the Kardashians.
I love my life.
I think we should start a new trend and
lol that was at Pikes Place Market Seattle at my photo shoot with Robert Knight. I don't really put my feet on tables
Like boxers?!
if you're feeling a bit fancy to follow someonw, gotta get your dose of 'cause I said so!
The army has forcibly taken guns from departing CT troops intending to pay them later.Many troops are not happy to have thier property taken
You've waited dis long, what's another day? Our EP will be available online 2morrow morn! Right after u eat ur Wheaties. It'll be like a...
We are seeking equity investors in our Recycled Content Products. Contact James Williams @ 404-997-8011 for more information!
It's the beginning of a new month...be thankful for a fresh start!
I just unsubscribed to 13 email lists. Damn it feels good.
good news is I got jacked for a small amount, problem is my dam account is frozen till MONDAY! ugh!
oh man, seriously. take a few hours to go poolside and relax with an icy drink and some sun girl. you deserve it!
Going back to school after an amazing Wednesday off<
Margaret Cho~ Maybe I wanted to hear it so badly that my ears betrayed my mind in order to secure my heart.
Just tell him Julie Andrews takes her clothes off in it.
I'd give anything to b your baby doll<33
Trying to sell an extra hangout music festival ticket if someone is interested!
It's official, Us, Today will be playing at MOTR Pub on February 12th!
In the 39 studio! They have 4 cameras... She needs to follow the red light! So much fun!
Don't judge me by my tone! ;)
I've been following you guys for a long time and love your concept (even have a Crushpad hat). Great work!
i need to learn how to french braid so badly
sure thing :D all done
possibly maybe today could u um u know follow me? PLEASE IT'D MAKE MY YEAR BETTER
In case you don't yet know, I am 's twitter for her etsy page. DirtysLaundry.etsy.com YAY! :)
When a woman fed up there nothin u can go about it
So my neighbor, Tim Hockenberry, just crushed it on America's Got Talent. Way to go, Tim!
what do you believe this team will do this season?
welcome to 2007...next you know, you'll be drinking the kool-aid and buying a Mac.
Wow so much to celebrate! Columbus discovered America, Al Gore created the internet & Occupy Wall Street protestors have a high IQ.
2011: I'm sexy and i know it 1865: I'm physically attractive and i am aware of this statement :)
Perhaps a "digging in the crates" or "vinyl obsessions" segment for future episodes?
I fucking hate people.
RT : Today's Affirmation: Happiness exists where I choose to look for it.
Even without today I feel like I should be watching three films regardless
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe illegal aliens and Mexican holidays ...smh ...
Gonna try to go to bed early tonight. :p
Happiest of birthdays !!
cool, thanks. might be a bit but I'll hope to do just that!
RT : Don't miss the Miele S7 #CatAndDog in latest issue of Nothing escapes a Miele vac, except Pure Air
Pretty sure Im not getting nothing on Honors Day :((
Prepping my #UPCEAmktg presentation for this afternoon - excited to share non-credit data and insight from #USF!
bitches wasn't thinking bout battling on smack b4 me and hustle... I come from qotr we pay 2
its times like this that I miss being in Seattle :(
RT - What pro team is the greatest franchise noned to people today A Boston celtics B la lakers C ny Yankees D n...
Yes, I can see exactly how Alien Phenomenology would make good airplane reading! (How does a tray table experience the seat?)
I need help launching my site will offer %, thanks gordon
"Our aspirations are our possibilities." - Robert Browning.
We hope you are enjoying this beautiful, warm San Diego weekend! Tell us if you are spending it outside, soaking up the sun!
RT : The fact Jacobs was seen yelling at the crowd after the toss ... NFL security involved. story will stick around.
Confirmed a deal with Delta-Airlines!!Happy comutting Global commuters...
ha ha good one
Bad dream...
Biggest take away from Social Media for Nonprofits Program is I'm finally going to start using videos on my fam page.
wait. You want me to be nice? Or him?
I'll go to sleep sometime tonight..or morning :)
excellent turbine! Could be used as a crown in certain circumstances, one might think. When it's not outside, I mean.
Laying in bed thinking >
we appreciate the great feedback!
No doubt
It's not the situation. . . . It's your reaction to the situation.
didn't fit around no college campus, chilling right on top of planet earth
cool, and time?
Check out some off our new & notable titles including: "The New Information Professional: Your Guide to Careers in the Information Age"!
Critics are taking shots at state funded website. Giving what they call advice on abortion. Story at 6:00 on
Are they voting people out of class like the TV show?
this is your shower song ...
we drove by the Falls and I thought they were beautiful. The town has sadly seen better days, but so many cool old hotel signs.
whats ur favorite book? or most recent book?
Wanted to fake out but i gotta get this 2nd workout in
Someone should do an oral history project of interviews with catalogers.
Does anyone have any legitimate referrals to people who can help clean up and repair credit?
Heeeellll yeeeaahh it's my birthday, boo. I turned twenty-old today.
You're in vail!? I'll be there tomorrow!!!
<---Is not doing good
I can't stand punks, seriously!
Hates when a guy likes you and you don't like them and then you start liking them and they stop liking you.What the heck.
It's been two days like this - not being able to follow anyone... Few months of being able to follow 5-10 per day. Nonsense.
you had some from Anthony and I
I have and always will support the underdog! I am one myself!
RT - if hollywood can make MONEY BALL then im sure they can make FUCKED UP BALL (based on the last 10 years of miami ...
Looking for a bicycle to ride around the city, got recommendations for what/where to get it?
I feel like me and my closest friends are drifting a part really fast
Eh what happened to Twitter!!! I kinda like it
If I don't get Believe tickets I will cry months upon months.
What about Certified CART Providers? Would be happy to point some in your direction.
woohoo! Managed about 1100 words total. First meet scene, and the hero ain't happy. I love romantic conflict!
Don't say those three words unless you mean them. So if you don't have food, don't tease me.
Think how big a Tim Tebow sex scandal would be if it was like on some Tiger Woods level! LOL -u shld b shot 4 even wishing tht
I can't believe that #SOPA might actually go through. So begins the decline of social media and all other forms of an open internet.
Wow these refs do suck haha glad they Spurs aren't playing this game
Free Latte and Mocha Samples
Looking forward to Monday morning - #Twins Home Opener, including / pre-party at Huberts, 7am. See you there !
i love youu! good luck out there
<3 u are too! xxoo RT : you ARE #Amazing !!
Enjoyed meeting everyone at the mixer today! If we don't have your email address, please DM us! Also, we'd love to hear your feedback.
$1 Draft Beers for our Twitter Friends today after 4pm. First 50 people through the door after 4pm get a $1 draft beer. Mention twitter
That would be awesome. I don't know if I've ever used striped paper.
Pizza hut combos crust
hahaha just saw excited and then disappointed tweets about this same thing. #wecouldpretend?
RIP Ryan Dunn.
haha I know right? I would love for you to take a look if you have time? It's due Thursday, 500 words so pretty short!
It's not too late to get a gift for Valentine's day. So come check us out!
Thanks for the follow have you liked us on facebook as well? =]
if you're at #dreamforce take a photo of the expo,upload to and earn cash. Its that easy.
I miss the french fry feed...having fries at home just doesn't cut it :(
What time you starting today?
Who's birthday is it? :3
I had a good time tonight with and
Can't get rid of my hiccups...I sound like a tiny barkin dog!
storm watching has been one of my favorite things to do since I was a kid.
Good luck!!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf You care more about your body than you do your car.
when you walk in faith and refuse to quit, God guarantees your obstacles won't prevent your dream from being fulfilled...
Nothing in the pipeline. Just released ShelfLister 2.0, but with 1.0 already listed in the codeshare, it's likely ineligible.
how are u doing??
Thanks for the shout out!
should just not text this guy back...
We were born to make mistakes
I agree! Styles and trends are constantly changing!
Do you have someone in your life that you could do without? and if so why are they still there?
Pompeii is an amazing place to explore
RT : Come see the #sculpture of #artists #Doug+MikeStarn made out of #AcidEtchedGlass #needles exhibition!...
Why is this happening
I'm disappointed in how didactic ALL THE RIGHT STUFF by Walter Dean Myers is. So far it's a philosophy class.
U not mad are u ...I know u not
hi thanks for the follow we can share tips and information
Terry McAuliffe is -7 fav to unfav in Virginia. Doesn't bold well for someone who has been running for 3+ years. We need someone else.
When u turn all the lights of in ur house and ur at the bottom of the stairs (first reaction) RUN LIKE HELL
thank you so much, you changed me, im going to make you proud i promise..u rock oh yeaI CANT FEEL MY LEGS! LOL 4life
i'm i real gotten to the age were women loss interset in you if you are at that age women don't want to be with you because of that or what?
I think the PDXposed youtube channel was hacked, there was a bunch of strange 4 second vids.
and crazy...
to C day foo and u know I don't C nothing I B everything
Though I did like idea but it was too scattered or maybe that was the editing
Peyton to the Niners would be ridiculous, but he'll probably go to Arizona
we really need tickets to the show in oakland for me and
More information on my Debt Reduction and Sewer Stabilization Plan will be available soon including the dates and times of public meetings
so sorry for your loss, remember the values and principles she instilled in you as a child to guide you in your life.
yes. Yes it is. But enjoy the introduction video with Ed Bradley once you get there.
no its isnt
Mitt Romney in Washington DC (500 8th St., NW) on Wednesday to raise money for campaign
best bang for your buck = David SunFlower Seeds !
Hey guys guess what? We're 20 likes short of 200, only 20 people! Help us out =]
ComputerWorks360.com would like to welcome into our family of Managed IT Services clients!
We must do our parts to stop the violence in our cities. Let it start at home, you should have some idea what is in your house!
I'm good, thank you very much..
Hannah: the City has neglected the 9th for so long that we have the greatest need
hopefully it doesn't interfere with my game of thrones addiction.
The Standard&Poors announcement is more significant than last week's Moody's downgrade because it will increase borrowing costs for district
what's erica issue. She one on tv grabbin boobs & downplay kim for her rise!
learn to pick your battles Terry...
deam news travels quick
Best movie I have ever seen you already know I'm about to go see it again!!
At least in buffalo the back channel goes until 4!
Wanna send a shout out to the ladies of AEA for letting me represent tonight
where's it gunna be at?
5lbs gone in the past two weeks. 4 more weeks until memorial day and Dewey. I got this.
Gonna take my nap before work :)
Check these great people for
I shouldn't feel bad.
Lots of #brewers fans taking over the CTA tonight in Chicago!
Ty Lawson is tearing it up right now...
yeah everythangs good...
yes we follow you too (^_^) Thanks the follow from the SJS Team!!!
Good morning #LosAngeles! It looks like it's going to be a beautiful week here in Southern California
Filming as tennis player and been playing since 7:30, have about 7 hours to go. So I'll be Pro by the time this day is over, or dead.
Is there a fit for Dave Logan with #CSURam football?
This is a little shady..
busy doesn't even begin to describe the next 2 mths
aw! I wanna come Friday!
yo i miss you and I love you!
do you think the bengals should and draft mark barron with the release of chris crocker?
VERY cute accents ;)RT : loved how many Italian accents were in there
Great interview w/ from THE HUNGER GAMES on today's w/ Keep your eyes out 4 the vid
looking forward to laughing at #ROFLCon in PDX. "with" I meant "with".
there are some fake, ass people in this world.
Had to give the kid special baby apple juice so she can shit.
Someone Come Over & save me , I'm at home bored!!!! Lol -_______-
Today is the deadline to submit my #PhD program application. Exciting stuff! really proud of myself for moving forward with this.
To enable change, you have to make the case to the 60% of staff who are unsure. Make it again and again. (Lori Fogarty)
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :BearBear have an electric plug. Weird?
Happy President's Day . . .did anyone get the day off?? I'm working!
JParris is in the House!
mom got ice cream
yeah sure :)) and thanks :D also i think i followed you on tumblr?
hehehe how the weather up there
Get it ! Congrats on tue YC2 show!!
I'll enjoy #BackStageRush a little bit more, if would pay attention to me today!
He could join with a positive outlook, but that will fade quickly when he loses 5 straight
Moving day is here! Thank goodness for daddy's and trucks!
#ff People to get squirrelly with!
because the Frank Gehry Tower looks amazing! ~PK
You are most likely correct! :-)
Special giveaway to the curvy diva can help us get to 100 followers by the 22nd!
so frustrating...
are you doing the facts today?
Just saw a raccoon run down Broadway, sans posse.
no you won't try. YOU WILL
All of Spiderman Turn Off the Dark's problems could have been prevented if they chose to workshop it beforehand
I totally agree. I enjoy looking at my wife, too
Yes! Map view of what's called "waterfront." I grew up in SF Bay Area & water should be MUCH bigger than waterfront! LOL
I have a love/hate relationship with laying in bed wide awake with a million ideas flooding my brain.
Hey im following :)
Ugh :( I have to do driving school today. Not going to be a fun time.
Our sister Twitter account, , will be posting news, events, ETC blog posts and screencasts soon for Spring!
I meant, golly-G Markie me & the guys are going down to diner to play us some #fantasyball, sure would be swell if u played
Slept through that tornado last night
GAMS I MISS YOU TOO. reunion in 6 months please?
Ugh crappy.
Sweetheart, stop throwing yourself at every man I'm the room, it's super obvious and obviously none of them want anything to do with you...
etextbooks is an area I should learn more about. we're prepping an ebook webinar and it's 1 session topic
Bring Back Ringer 5
's the only reason why I watch Jersey Shore!
Blah, I really need to shower, but that involves getting off the couch.
meeting friends there for dinner. We're all Cueva virgins. Looking fwd to my first time.
Radical poetry must create the taste by which it is appreciated. ~Coleridge (paraphrased)
Better fix that!
Ladies quit acting like flirting with someone other than you is illegal. If it's not your man
2night the place 2 be is Bar(8800 broadway) No Cover. $U CALL IT. PARTY ROCK SUKA. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dnt miss out
Well I'm single now and I wanna keep it like dat for a long time....
Only ONE team had 2 receivers in bottom 15 for drops: DENVER - DT & Decker. Clean drops, not bad throws.
Oh dear, oh dear. Yes.
RT : NYC public hospitals issue open letter to immigrant NYers, renewing commitment to keep patient immigrant status private
haha. Where you sitting?
can I please get a rt for my husbands birthday.
Have you heard of a Baker's Breakfast? It's a mix of bagels, muffins, croissants and signature breads from our hearth.
Do you know anybody that went to the Northland or Westland Carnival? We are covering this for our webshow & need help!
Oh wow. What was the subject about?
Happy New Year to the Brogans!
Nice day part 2
florida, and then chicago!
waves To My New Followers -
Eminem sleeper star of #SuperBowl ads. I'm on my way to buy a car and drink some tea. #Lipton and
Happy Fourth of July!
another dps training, another day of learning how to select all and search. is this for real?
Breaking mental chains hoping to get working brains
Had a Fantastic instructor meeting! Really Experienced Teachers and Wonderful Folks!
Do you struggle to speak under pressure? Get tips from Sandy Bjorgen on Wed Jan 25 bit.ly/z8Ab7D
happy mothers day girl! (:
Thx for following.
If you have any footage you'd like us to RT send it over! We'd love to check it out
Just finished the 3rd book in my series. On to the 4th and final one. These books are #AMAZING (:
Learning how to mingle social media and seo in 140 characters.
I was a wrestlemania
Thanks for sharing the blog!
is it wrong that I want to make the stuffing and skip the mushrooms?
Probably means you've been nominated to serve on a committee. It's fun.
I don't wanna get up. I don't wanna eat. I don't wanna do anything. I just want to sleep and wake up and find that all of this was a dream.
I agree with that!
when are you done with finals?! come play friday night with and I!
Not the band, just a good ol' Block Party at DTX!
Dear Buttermilk, Where have U been all my life? I love U. U make eggs better, soups heartier & cooking in general more fun. Sincerely, Me.
Making homemade pizza and drinking wine- hello weekend!
Jus cut the check bro >>RT : Been on hold with the IRS for 43:12
hey sister in law
Ah well. And so to bed. Good luck, #nats!
Michael jackson had a love affair with whitney. They would of been perfect couples, but everything has a reason. Rest in peace MJ&WH.
I know I am, bitch. >:D
I AM BLESSED!
Look out for our weekly newsletter today! We've got a bunch of baking, bootcamp, and acting classes featured in honor of The Hunger Games!
I'm only delivering the best to her
Taking my little sister and grandma shopping...
Today Warren Buffett announced he is hiring every unemployed person in the United States--sending the unemployment rate to 0%.
Let's go flyerssssSSSSZSz
Shoutout to my seniors taking the ap lit exam tomorrow.
I want SUMMER <3
I enjoyed your article
Is Latin hard?? ;s I'm taking it next year.
RT No FAKE nails , lashes , hair .. All me baby I must admit the lashes be poppin !! // Shut yo ass up !
well I like when people make me things :D hand made gifts are ALWAYS the best!!
Now days u got have you some money about yourself, dont no girl want no broke nigga..
lo ight i will :P
holding on Wagner
My sister ain't back. She must be with her friends..
When people carry on a convo on twitter & I'm thinking why wouldn't you just text?
"Ilwaukee" "Remians"? Come on Fox6! No wonder people say Milwaukee news sucks.
In the middle of updating a tech book and am amazed at how quickly instructional tech resources go stale.
Why is it the moment you stop caring is the moment they start.
Yeah! You guys are awesome. Good luck with the festival.
YOU.ARE.NOT.FAT. Anyone who says that you are = F'N idiots or jealous. FACT.
not anymore: #thevoice #iamchrismann WOW is all I can say WOW !!!! Team Xtina and Team Blake are the teams to beat this season
My brother from another mother You look like Bobby in your avatar photo.
noone! I just want to woop it out and beat tha crap out of someone with it! ;)
#Nurses, need to ask a favor. Would LUV to reach goal of 4,000 Twitter followers. Only 20 left to go! Plz tell #RN friends to follow. Thanks
#Amtrak security dogs are raised for one year in prison by inmates.
However, I remember very fondly that Arnold's love interest was named "RUTH" and not "Lila".
what are the gun laws in Philly? Is it still illeagal to shoot yourself in sweatpants?
I need to catch up when I get home....not good?
Looking like The #Dallas Mavericks are going to watch the NBA Final sitting on their sofa. Go OKC #Thunder send them home.
I had just been thinking of you! I finished 508! Whoa...if you are free soon - let me know, I will come meet you
The things that come out of people's mouth.
"The hot dog vendor & mother of 4 insists she's not a prostitute, just a stripper." I watch the news so you don't have to.
Wow how bout that sick left handed Finish By Bron tho.
what was the result? Repair?
thank you for following us.
Dear #SteveJobs, Thank you for everything. RIP Jae Sent from iPhone
I was in a band but then they kicked me out. Yea that was a suckish day.
The men of viewed their recorded pitches for the first time. None had seen themselves in front of a camera before.
Funks Grove sounds like a city I could #SettleDownIn... too bad its in the middle of no where Illinois!
Clippers got lucky.
injustice, it's ridiculous in America
Pumped for spring break #externship at !
That Mitt Romney bullying story is crazy, what a mentally disturbed man & to think he got thus far in government
Can I just come over to someone's house with a dog & just play with it.. I want a doggy :((((
One more post for the host! Eat the purple bitch! Lol
I'll try, but I'm terrible at Ninja cam :)
Debating al d'amato, and defending the unemployed, and progressives.
Oh yeah... GO CARDS!
Looking for affordable legal representation? Civil litigation - criminal defense - family law. Call for a free consultation ~ 619.338.9500
That should be stitched on their jerseys. RT Where did Aviles think that pitch was?
Keeping busy w/politics & back working at the courthouse again and planning a trip to see my sister in San Fran next month! :D
yea whatever!
Don't forget exams end tomorrow Warriors!!!
same! i'll message you around 9 and let you know when i'll be headed back toward the city.
check the stats
His house?
come hang! the hockey scene just started!
I love life but sometimes its a pain in the ass
what's your next move?
aye shut the fuck up cuz in the end u aint shit bitch.
I like biting and licking lol (Ur Nasty if u thought this was about sex) - Lollipop April Fools :D
Srsly? The House took a bill TO THE FLOOR that advocated the return to the Gold Standard? Can they not see the damage they are doing?
Doheny Memorial Library
Sigh. It's too bad I can't get paid for knowing stupid things, like all Six of Charlie's Angels by actress, character, & city of origin...
I refuse to watch that again. Omg.
Dear Mike: Your "schtick" with Mike Golic is already way too old. Thanks, a former listener.
Intel's I.T. staff has 6,400 people who support 91,500 Intel employees. It has 87 data centers and more than 138,000 devices.
Spending my #stpattysday indoors with 3 scripts and a highlighter! Definitely treating myself to a large glass of green beer tonight :)
ok for sure! and refer us to some people that put them on too
Chipper jones to retire at the end of the year
Hey fellow tweeters! Only 1 week left 4 a chance 2 enter into our FREE STUDIO TIME GIVEAWAY sweepstakes! Visit www.r2kstudio.com for dets!
Forgoing afternoon hoop dreams for sushi...
It was nice to meet you in person. Hope to have a chance to chat longer sometime.
Tony Gonzales. Smutty hasn't tipped his hat yet. Gonzo is deadly.
Don't forget to tune into with this weekend! Our own Gary Daniels (The Expandables) is on!
Aaayyyeee grab the mix tape bro! $7 17 songs!!
What a day. If they made Thundershirts (those sweaters that calm anxious dogs) 4ppl, I'd be wearing 1 right now. I need hugs & maybe a beer.
yeah I thought about that challenge but I don't want to die from it
Sup all A's
yes for me and Colby!!! #highrollin'
it's TUESDAY! two new tracks from '...I Spent All My Money on Speed Metal'
:( I'm looking bout sad as hell now. Lol
#mm love the song by this group called subway let me be yo dire
Excited to receive my package from today!
Just bought my first #Kindle book on with one click!
Ima landlord,he a tenant.
If you're thinking of dumbing down for a guy, it's too late. You're already stupid for thinking about doing it to begin with HOE
goes live with the Rome-News Tribune! Neybor provides enhanced real estate classified adverting on RN-T.com with syndication to more
Think in that case, "mentality" = economic structures.
Great job -- the new homepage looks resplendent (to borrow a phrase from Taylor)
So, I'm starting to think we're in a rare periods in human history where SNL is worth watching - will someone please tell me I'm wrong?
well have a great time at sxsw and look forward to your feedback!
I keep having to put out fires when I just want to go grab some GD lunch.
good morning Austin ;D
Sunglasses allow me to people watch and appear infinitely less creepy
Busy day for the RR Organ Trio: Playing Reston then hittin 8 & 10! Original tunes & modern standards
: I love the songs of the Civil Rights Movement playlist. I almost got choked up on the drive home.
Kentucky better play some D
Celebrating the life and music of Artie Shaw on his birthday!
I'm awake
I wantwantwantwant google wave. Help? I'll buy coffee, but you might have to hop a flight to Ist for it.
Congrats! Nice racing this weekend!
tough battle of the remote to lose
At worst, the hit "might've" deserved a minor penalty for charging but that's it. Just a big old fashioned hit imo.
yeah, me too.
Good golf with great friends, now to the grill
All I am thinkin about is SLEEP!!
I know that you haven't been using sunscreen and so you're gonna get melanoma and die but I just wanted to say I love you!! :)
Good morning Thursday!!!!
Just got puked on, no big deal
Suspended so I wont be at skool tomorrow
i think im cursed....dont ask what the curse is, just know that i am...sigh...
RT : The song is gorgeous, can't wait RT : Sounds amazing!
Track #multiple locations - #Inventory Management; TRACK - #Pkgs, #Vehicles, #Assets, #People. #Mobile, #Integrate w/ #Quickbooks,
Don't waste your time getting into a relationship with someone you can't picture in your future
Bill proposes full legal status for humanist weddings
umm you missed english.. There was only 6 of us there & she was nice! But I have to do my essay for the 3rd time
If you live in #SanJose CA. come out to the Santa Teresa Kaiser Farmers Market tomorrow!!! Fresh #Salmon Poke, #Tofu, #Ceviche OVER RICE! ;)
Pre-Mother's Day Special - All facials with ANNIE tomorrow (THURSDAY 5/10) are 20% off!! Call our front desk to book an appointment today!
#fridayreads finished Good Graces by Kagen and started Sultan's Seal by White. On my Nook: Faithful Place by French & Imm Life of Henrietta
Not too far from U of T! :)
I turned my TV off after the infante hit. UGH.
Drink one for me!
Jamming to Closer by Kylie Minogue
: Thank you for the retweet!
I need weed foe tomorrow...... Dam where the weed man at
We all know the Bucks are coming for that number one spot next session.
Last day to get your California Natural Pet on Sale!!! We close at 7pm
No Bail in Fatal Beating Henry Wachtel, a 19-year-old Manhattan man, was ordered held without bail Wednesday after he was charged in the
Congratulations to Freddy for hitting our #Progressive #RoyalFlush off his first deal for $2,246! -Shelly at Ann Rd.
Only a month ago, best execution 30 year fixed mortgage rates were holding between 4.25% and 4.75%.
so jelly.
Just saw a commercial for #Battleship. I'm sorry, but after seeing #TheAvengers, all of the action in #Battleship just seems lame.
We are an environmental "green" hotel for 3 years running. Save the planet together & check us out online @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
I would die if something ever happened to him..i will always love him
why do i have all these quarters in my wallet? it's like im going to play arcade games later.
I argue with a white supremicist as we speak.he is truly the most ignorant,small minded,hipocritical,person I've ever spoke to
sounds pretty cool, & textting (:
Just passed Blu Steel Way leading to Remington Estates. #Zoolander joke?
Omg shorty got a phatty wearing a full pink ranger costume.. Lol can't b child propriate
Goodnight guys (:
well that makes sense, dont go with someone that is mean! Brennan is a cool kid though. One of my favorite guys on the squad
Producers & then contact me with further info... Imagine I'm picked to be apart of the 1D superfan MTV thing? I will cry.
I need a big vacation
I just need a bad chick to be behind me I got every thing else
Tanning weather :)
Very fun! RT : Calling all Pinners! Just created a Banner Brunch 2012 board so be sure to pin your photos tomorrow!
So ready for this day to end
RT : Thanks for joining our Exploring Engagement Fund webinar today. We will post the recording tomorrow on our website.
As a person who's in an interracial (once illegal) marriage, am very proud of
yes i will. its not fair.
That's really well said. Thanks for passing it on. Did you move already or still in CO?
Whas up NEW YORK CITY - I'M HEEEEERRRRREEEEE!!!!
More tickets coming up at 7:32 tonight! Listen to to win!
Wow that was so funny brown sugar
the babies are with me now and I already had to set a no arguing on mother's day rule, so the tears seem laughable now!
I'm a big fan of #Gruv on Broadway - sold a bunch there once and the payback was surprisingly high!
We have a winner! Watch out for more trivia as we gear up for our Winter Festival.
In 2008, more than one-in-four people (27.7 percent) living in rented housing units lived in a different residence one year earlier.
I've been reading some posts about not using any slides at all...
Penn Jillette hasn't worked in tech. ;)
thanks for ignoring me butthead
It was all over the news that he threw down that $10,000...that's what u defend urself against!
Soon As Leaves Hoe's Wanna
never give up
I'm hanging in there, barely. Lol
How I Met Your Mother finale, , OKC/LA... I have a feeling, that tonight's going to be a good night!
RT : Your body hears everything your mind says. Naomi Judd
Great job tonight ! Stay aggressive and let your game speak for itself.
Been Followin U For A Min N No Follow Back!??! SEE YA!
i just want to hear it, u know i dont work there no more?
I wish my parents would just buy me a new car.
There is a perfectly good reason why so many #SANDIEGO staple businesses chose us for their Web Design and SEO ! Integrity
Make that "No" worries. Hehe.
and i bet you were still smoking HOT!
Hey Thanks for following ;)
Thank u. I was looking around and saw something BBC Red Button then I realized they were talking about DIRECT TV in England #duh!
#vaumc11 a woman just came into ac pushing a pink stroller with two dogs in it. We Methodists are a peculiar people!
Well crap now what do I do?
Tonight: Gaming, Coding, or Changing a Ceiling Fan. WHAT WILL THE FUTURE BRING?
Dudee I Have Enchanted Stuck In My Head !
how do I get your fan mail address ? <3 6
Time & place! RT : we needed to help explain the history behind Rockett's Landing.
I Mite...Depends If I Get There In Time
what a game, what a meaningless game! But we can win with the JV team! 15 and 1!
haha yeah. Been like that almost my whole life. Haha
yes please!!!
honestly though..who is she? hahaha and im gonna miss nemi </3 x
yeah I love all the old Wizards stuff. haven't fully bought into the new brand. I'm always keeping my eyes peeled for old merch
that sounds like one hell of a team.
the only thing we need to fear is fear itself. -franklin d. roosevelt(:
Morning! I'm getting a trenta iced coffee, no sugar, no ice. Enjoy your Friday!
Happy birthday to the ever cool !
It's so cool to watch you get high with Frodo every week.
Listening to Stephen Bajjaly is making me homesick.
All nighter before test or wake up early as hell and study #whatdouperfer?
man-up, quit blaming things on your mama. Smh
what i would do for some chocolate milk right now
#rocpeepslunch having lunch somewhere today?
The only way I'm going to pass this test is if I eat it first.
Trying to find a salesperson in Louisville any ideas
April 3, 1942: FDR told Churchill that both their peoples demanded a second front to take pressure of the Russians.
Cool! Don't forget to text to win so you can watch #MarchMadness live from yr phone (sorry, Molly's boss: she'd never do that!)
Haha Mr Cash is boss
There, I'm following you now :)
A fantastic Friday we have today were coming to you from union station (mass and north cap) opening up in 20... See you soon
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage one breath cycle of a hyperventilating person.
Love LOVE LOVe my #BlackKnights and #LadyKnights! We aren't done yet! Let get this WIN tomorrow night and then get OVERALL next week!!!
millions of teenage girls don't know who Jerry Rice is.
Thank you for the RT's!
did you eat one of those Martinsville hot dogs?
SKIP Philly Diane! WE need you more! The EuroConnect wants your company even more than Philly! A compromise: get there on the17th
I Automatically Block The People Who Call me Fake! its Annoying How Much More Real Can I Get? Like Dont Follow me in the first place.
I don't get stressed out. this is bullshit.
Love me, before they all love me... until you wont love me, because they'll all love me.
My guess is Mike Zimmer!
Cocktail of the day:French 75- gin, herbal simple syrup, champagne; yes, a thousand times yes.It's warm and we suggest this be your fan
glad you liked it! Really unique horror film.
": Session in progress......"i second that
Nd now I gotta wait for my ride.
Wow, cake and Pizza today. Red must be lucky for me LOL
Thanks for the info!
I will be in Westowne Mall until 2 am with the Hall Swingers! Come and support #SwingAThon!
Good Morning Ms.CHACHI
sweet lol i get TSA issues all the time. strobes in a pelican transport case look like warheads and I transport a gun also
Wishing everyone a very healthy, happy and prosperous New Year!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's a photo from the Philharmonithon this past Thursday- our wearin' o' the green costume contest.
tweeting to yourself like a lonely lady
": Who needs beats?" where they at.
Went to #Applebees with the church family. :-) good times
nope it's all ages! Woo Hoo!!
I'd give up my seat for a woman who clearly knows how to start metro parties too.
Omg, mikey!??!?! hay. whats your favorite song?
will carry us through in the beginning. Most of the amateur cappers (or professional) use twitter to post their
Still deciding on the Rammstein concert :)
Hearing about the incredible teen program Bringing the Leasons Home at the What amazing impact on social change!
Highlight of the night: Jered Weaver singing "Hit the Road Jack" as he walks off the field. So cool.
I like bit.ly for shortness and cleaner tags. wants people to be able to read something from a link.
gonna try! :D
Yeah, this was definitely written by a Y chromosome. It has all the MCP cliches.
they say a few drinks will help me to forget her (him)
I'm pretty sure I provided more intellectual capital than I was paid for today.
ATTN: HILLTOPPER NATION - $50,000 anonymous gift received, will match all new and increased donations. This is great news---spread it!!!!!!
Will finish Hunger Games, book 1, tonight. What an awesome story!!!!
Didn't win the drawing for opening day #Marlins tickets. I'm going to go sit in a corner and cry now.
Hm, all your jobs are "rush" jobs.
Happy bornday to my dog I aint forgot about you big time!!!
Taking all questions
kewl. IM/tweet when you're done workin !
easy -- they're fickle animals! I'm excited about your new book! If you need any dog translation, I'd be happy to help.
Missing my bubby :( sighh i hate this.
#NowPlaying Never Gonna Let You Down
woo! It's getting hot in here! (so hot) so sports bra it ;D
If guys on the wrestling team looked more like Taylor Lautner I might have more interest in the sport
does anybody kno who phillip and emmanuel hudson is?
Looking forward to this! RT : I'll be giving a talk at Columbia in April entitled "#THATCamp as Scholarly Society"
It's all da way live at penthouse righ na.
- thanks for the #FF, man!
Love me some
Worst commute home ever in history. d #gladtobealive !
time for some new ones
Fuck Love not Lust.
you have a nice smile
Rise and Shine ! Beautiful day to believe the impossible and declare the ridiculous and receive the exceedingly
We're glad we could help you move forward in a positive way!
Weighing keeping up with current events against having "weiner twitter" in my search history.
you can probably speak to 1k people & they all have screenplay ideas yet, won't say anything in fear of their idea being "stolen".
Thinking about hosting business planning workshop at local community colleges. Need to develop the syllabus. Great op to sell some books!
Comedy show next Sun. #Showtime starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends hmu for tix
is there anyway we can try to bring HL back?
The love that I was once craving for you has now FADED away.
don't think you're following me...so you should, and then tell everyone about ! this is my clothing company - Matt :)
Oh, by the way, regardless of the semantic debate of suspension/ending the quest for delegates-- #RonPaul or None at All
May issue is available today!!
Beanna. That's a cute couple name. (:
Are you into the 80's and #running? Then you better be at this! We are looking for participants and vendors for this unique run and party!
that's a startling line - what's the book?
woaaaah, don't know how that happened, it's not like I'm not your friend anymore
good morning world <3
are you trying to move students downtown, or give people coming downtown ways to get around?
You had a chance to be a hero, in Jax poor choice going to NY
Hearing #braves as a potential suitor in the Carlos Beltran sweepstakes. #BravesCountry what are your thoughts?
RT Be sure to follow for specials, events, happy hour, fun stuff!
This is life changing
RT : asks all to buy for two great causes: all the women in your lives and #Haiti women economic empowerment.
Rise and Grind Peeps ... It's Sunday and it's ON
Voice over acting is great . I've been doing silly voices since I was a child.
KSI is an excellent destination for Military personnel to obtain their Masters Degree online: www.ksi.edu - sign up to attend classes
I'm so down just lemme know the date!
The iTriage team had a great time in Austin! Thanks for a successful event!
#swagitout makes me wanna get up and dance!! I love this song!!!:)
awesome, thanks!
i can getchall hotels reserved for yall from friday to monday....for about $180 sumthin
Hope you get well soon!<3
Dance dress rehearsal. Yay.
It was so bad!
hey good chat last night! what is your email?
friends, we're gonna hang out at the after work on friday if you want to stop by. 5:30ish. maybe swing over to cooper's after?
hey Jamie
I hate my internet 4real bruh
The greatest danger for most of us is not that we aim too high and we miss it, but we aim too low and reach it. - Michelangelo
S/O to everybody thats Graduating High School/College
Columbus-based Middle West Spirits' OYO Whiskey & Vodkas are now in the Washington, DC market! They just keep on growing!
#pissed twitter isn't loading. Can't see anything....
I think it was a long time ago too.
Ok, ready to be back in CA
I think it's just called VACATION. The "family" is implied.
and vagabondage ruled that show today - lots and lots of gypsy rock hooray including random street love
Tomorrow at 7a.m.
click click pow
Please don't riot. We have midterms to think about.
Get up, Kettle bell clean, barbell clean & press, bent over barbell row, medicine ball push up, single leg dead lift,
Success it's within your grasp reachout and grab it. Perfect motto for
looks like a side pony haha are the curls falling out!?
Watching my favorite show #smash are amaxing! Want to be on this show so bad!
The technology that is continually changing has peeked the interest of millions
It's "Heart" time, in honor of my favorite singer: Ann Wilson, Happy birthday!!!.
Thousand ones up in my pocket ima make her dance
Little worried about my stuff getting locked into weird Final Cut X format, though...
wow, lots of new followers- i promised if you follow me i will in return follow you.. shout outs coming soon...
Going to hang out with , Kelly, Clay, Jenna, and Kate. Blue is real excited! (So are Kar and I)
I have to come up with a research Marketing project.
Napier Awards Go to Two Pomona Seniors
my sweet Lauran!! Oh how I have missed you & your sunshine! How are you beautiful girl? Let's save GCB :)
#MiddleFingerUp to bieber haters.
happy birthday...have the best
is a racist asshole. Now he wants college transcripts and grades WTF!!!!!!
crap! Hope the National Guard is close by!
RT : It doesn't look safe to have that many bees in a major league ball park
I am suprisingly happy given that this weekend ended ruff. Things still worked out better than I couldve asked for.
i really miss him. wow.
we all get blinded from the lies by them liars thats the truth but once you heard it all you learn the shit you never knew
If your collective doesn't carry our Yummy edibles, let them know you want them! We make some of the most POTent edibles around!
is there going be audio available online?
watch zack goes to bamboozle sunday the only day i'm not going
couldn't get Barca, so we invited their kits...
That's good.
if the do trade for the 7th pick....who are they targeting @ 7?
I'd like to be everything u want hey JB! let me talk to you... amazing song JB #iloveyou <3 #belieberforlife #byfriendreview!!
thanks bro give this man a follow!
Cliff Harris makes GREAT play to knock down the pass and force a 28 yard FG. Ducks winning 14-13 midway through 2nd quarter.
What's YOUR fav song?
We're recording a new episode of the podcast tomorrow. Any suggestions for topics?
She lucky I was sleep when she dropped them off cus I sholl woulda told her ass
It still bugs me when airports do not believe in free internet.
Laying in front of the big screen watching one of my favorite movies ! "You Got Served" of course ! i love this movie !
great game 2nite i'm ur #1 fan/girl
Oh my god. We should be best friends. You are gorgeous.
Maybe my tastes have become more mainstream, but I'm excited to hear the new Jack White and new Dr. John.
Deleting unread #emails from yahoo and gmail accounts
Yup! We heard that! :)
do people still go to bonaroo?
Happiest of Happy Birthdays to my dear friend ! Hope you have a wonderful day in the city! xoxo
RT - A commercial for ESPN, halftime for The Jacksonville Jaguars game, and halftime for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers game
Thank you very much! I have to thank the designers at Penguin and Crown for the covers!
Who are the food venders at the 2011 Rose Festival City Fair Culinary Courtyard?
i was taking 16.5 with anatomy now im at 12.5
Played and busted the Bellagio 1500 without winning one single hand. Hate it!
Nice time for guitar
Q4: This isn't about quelling the violence in sports...I understand why some tune in. But you still have to keep your talent upright
goin hard! Come down and teach these vegas cats how to really go on a trap beat. These niggas failing!
I always pays off to have an #extra pair of #earrings in your
Looks like we're on the same page. Want to show films that have gotten little if any theatrical play in L.A.
Love has nothing to do with how much you retweet. LOL
USA is a medical hub,medication in Arizona are cheap and affordable
happy birthday!!!!!
Car 1256 door chimes aren't working.
snow turned into rain
Im a be up all night now
#donna summer. The music of my high schools basement parties, roller boogie and club days when disco stated to fade. She was the Queen! RIP
Early morning paperwork run
laying in bed. thinkin like i always do
Going to see the Avengers with my brother
Mane are we gon let these pacers sneak us 2nite cmon now boys step that shit up
so welcome
#First20SongsOnShuffle 6. Chelsea Smile- Bring Me The Horizon
why does it matter if they dont believe they seem so pssd off all the time arent u supposed to be happy with your belief system?
morning Trey hope you have a great day
if u have feelings for your ex dont move on...... <3
have you thought about a KISS app? Great way to monetize the fan base using a new media vehicle.Would love to explain a concept
the music industry isn't an industry. industry implies that there's some cohesive organization to it all. it's a free-for-all
Did that grl want toplay in the game. out the door she goes.
I'm interested to see who will still be here or be here at all at the end of this year
One given, the logic of accumulation :: some generous definition of graceful unzippering, the body as public invention.
Two replies - 1 said #acrl2011 and 1 said #acrl11. I'm seeing both being used. The ACRL website says #acrl2011 is the official tag.
Then my best friend and the same two chicks asked me if I was a virgin. When I said yes they laughed. My freakin' best friend laughed at me.
hi, i'm awkward.
yup my last year (: thank god. but i still need summer school, so im graduating in augst.
Is hungry
How can you improve your brand management?
that's crazy too. I never thought about that one. But I don't see how they can keep him off the Olympic team. Need a big man
Missing while he works and I get ready... but am excited bc I will be seeing him later today & tonight!!!
Is that a good oh my or a bad oh my?
np Rick Ross (Feat. Drake & French Montana) - Stay Schemin
We've had over 700 visitors to the Embassy of #Kazakhstan so far!
: lots of possible tasks that all count as "contributing" to #kohails. answer q, write docs, code, sponsor code,etc
Red sweat shirt. Red sweat pants. Pink toe shoes.
We all know has secret shirtless pics of that she's not sharing ;)
bottomline we admire those in celebrity status but we dont know what they go thru....inner demons just like everyone
I am! Nancy is doing well! We could be sisters!
made me ignore my soreness nd get up I hurt SO fucking bad -__-
All that glitters is not gold.
put he bread up
Maybe you needed fulfillment in your extremities.
meeting up with you! ;) right outside the hall?
oh ok haha :)
OK it was like I said in the dm. It happened Friday.
Volunteering at #WordUp! (176nBway). Listening to a promising talented mc,
Save the date! #StopSDGEPowerlink rally is coming on March 7!
So true! RT : #MSC2011 relationships important! what's relevant to one child is not relevant to the next. -Daggett
Do not tell me what you know I can use to gain advantage over you, because I will use it.~Bill Gates.
Thanks for a gr8 Wednesday! See you tomorrow at 8am!
Big idea 10: New Neighborhood Park: at Johnson and Bassett (zero lot line & some buildings already planning to be removed)
At BWI gate- we'll make it for the show!
Troubled Athletes? PostTramaticSportsSyndrome? Concussions? Broke Finances? Will someone out there agree w me~1 word: CHOICES??
We live in America where a girl who threw flour in Kim Kardashian was arrested on site but the man who killed Trayvon Martin is still free.
Had a good night for a change!
Mark 9:23: Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
Do something nice for someone today, without expecting something in return, its called .. doing it from the heart!
My life is like a box, i go nowhere.
Reading is to the Mind what exercise is to the body. Keep your Virtue alive, cherished and confirmed by Reading good books;
Hey was not there just Downtown, keeping tabs on the game, was sent the photo LOL
I'm not Davey Wavey and I approve of that message!
RT Happiness is Priceless
Follow a down ass Chica ---->
I saw Tyler hart and seth the morning after lol .. they were lookin a lil rough..
The days when u are so tired u can't move
i wanna walk down the street listening to Cissy Strut
Can you follow back if you have swag which you do
People say I'm small for 10. I'm drinkin milk now.
thanks Mike. Best of luck to you and your great cause.
Ears are still not fully recovered. Best. Night. Ever.
Purple drank, I still sip..Purple weed, I'm still lit.
cool. Can't wait til cuts it up for the show
Every one is getting fired from Melrose, #Smh! I wonder why?
Time makes everything better
Hey thanks! It's the real Michael.
and someday BF and Randy Moss will retire with a sum total of 1 Super Bowl ring between the two HOFers.....
Hey twitter and friends
justin please folow me
Normal people: Aww, they're such a cute couple! Me: I wonder if they fucked yet ! ISwear Thats Me llS'
How can "conservatives" in any state support these big government hypocrites?
More tragedy for the Kennedy family :(
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.~Jim Rohn
I honestly don't think well be able to see over the side of the stage PLATFORMS !!!
RIP Adam YAuch
we hope everyone had a very Merry Christmas! - Boyercom Communications Group
on my way as soon as I change into something sexy! You are the best! xoxoxo
Cool, I really enjoy your reviews. Just finished reading the Warprize review & added that book to my list.
no problem:P
So. I filled up my gas tank 2 days ago. My brother came home for the weekend, I haven't seen MY car yet.
Baltimore loses two great Steam Crabs houses Phillips and Obrycki's we will miss your service to our community! Thank You!!! Seafood Lovers!
#iheartronswanson RT : How can you kill a show that has Ron Swanson?!
US :D
I used to throw shirts out at suns games...the things people would do and offer to do to get one were crazy
"Way down, all I know your loving pulls me through - Yeah, I owe it all to you." ::mugison::to the bone::
temped to I follow you
Getting rid of Favre and then using that draft pick and getting Matthews.. .so masterful!
Up bright and early. Big day today. Time to launch another business. It feels good to offer a quality service and put 3 people
Alright Roger Goodell you better get your mani, pedi and hair permed before announcing the Cincinnati Bengals you fairy!
OMG THEY GOT NEEDLES AND SHIT . HELL NAWH , THEY GONE STICK THAT IN MY MOUTH TO NUMM THE PAIN
Ohh Noo Lol One Time Channel Flip Thingy , Of Course Not I
Gotta prep and perform a bit this weekend. Looking forward to it.
ah my DVR was full, is this episode going to show again soon???
I got VIP parking from
Bartab has been featured in NY Times, NBC Inc., & many well read publications. Chicagoan's/your niche would enjoy a Bartab piece!
I liked it! We should only do the ones he did in that show.
People already calling King basketball players "thugs" on JSOnline comments.
YEAH! Glad to hear that I was able to inspire you. Find what you love, and the motivation will come. :-)
well I have the same problems!
RT : It's incredible how a simple "hello" can change someone's world.
I hear people all the time say they hate exercise. It's not that hard. Find something you enjoy doing and DO IT! Don't just sit there
I flirt with old ladies just for the fun of it!
All the Xmas gifts we bought this yr are from a NonProfit or for an experience. Decision just affirmed by seeing the chaos that is Filene's.
Can you do me a favor and please give a shoutout to
pineapple is in like the top 3 for pizza toppings, are your people crazy? lol
Funny, we say that about Maryland drivers.
I take it you had a good burns night.
That pooch doesn't know what he's missing! Well, neither do I technically.. But still! :)
Nevermind...just found it! haha. Thanks so much =)))
make a video of you nd send it to me im making the video to i will never stop im getting on tv sis
I love these things! RT Do pregnant women know about the delicious "Take 5" candy bar? Pretzel, peanut butter and chocolate.
lol oh well can't complain we need the rain :-)
It's a new morning
Going to rock the smoker again tomorrow. Chickens or spare ribs?
It's too bad it's detractions overshadow the significant things that happened in it.
You're really not helping yourself. Please leave me alone
Don't spend your whole life holding on <3 #BoysLikeGirls <3 :)
can't play now out and about. Will be on later. What's ur psn?
Nice one too! RT : Just gave a lightning talk to about CouchDB + PhoneGap = CouchGaps
He can sing x she can too!!!(:
haha yes, you should
i agree
you know im just sayin
If gophers become extinct, the hole ecosystem will die.
3 boxes of cap'n crunch and NO MILK
Amen..that's always a good look RT : finally off work!! Yayyy!!!!!!
I want pizza LOL
#NP - The Game is to be Sold, Not to be Told
I hate getting flashbacks from things I don't want to remember
I had the good fortune to meet #fredshuttlesworth. Thank you and all who work for
would love to have coffee one day. I'll email you. Will send Linked In invite too. urock!
Just explained to that JB stands for
I see , I fallow him now!
I NEED one of those hearts on my sleeve shirts!!!
Heat gon be good
It's really dark outside... stupid blackout
ha! We've got to do a little #skypeplay debriefing n my class. We hung up on 1 friend &others just sat &stared. Lol
David Stern - the GOP of the NBA.
No /: I wish i was though
Yo im bout to be in an actual video this summer haha! Crazy!
oh ok
need a lot of people to follow these pplz: RT
Watchin early today, can't wait to start workin with him, could be a baby Ray Allen #d1prospect #
I've tried taking those sexy pictures where it looks like you're smelling feces...but it just looks like I'm smelling feces. Pretty unsexy.
Maddux is so underrated when compared to those 2 cause although he didn't have the speed they had his control & movement were unmatched
Run today MINUS double stroller, PLUS old-school Janet Jackson. No my first name ain't Mommy. It's Page. Miss Fehling if you're nasty.
New!!! We now have 3.5 x 2 stickers at the same great price as our flyers!
Really sad to see what seemed inevitable is true. Derrick Rose is done. The Heat's path to the finals just got much easier. Sighh
and gum 2
"The Achievement Gap: Is their an App for that?" at #nsvfsummit with my boys
Playing several RPGs, FPSs, action/adventure, MMORPG, MMOFPS, FB games & myriad mobile games including Words w/ Friends. My fingers hurt.
>>Work Flows = Cash Flows!<<
#YouWasSexyUntil u did ur make up...
no promises.
Oh Jeeze. Family Drama.
That was very fitting for the memorandum
Character, preferably sci-fi or comic book, that you'd like to see me draw, and GO!
just a friendly reminder....
watchin' Daddy's Little Girls on #BET....that movie is so emotional to me
He called Me Hun (: , i think thats cute ..
I blame the weather. It made everything all whack
I'm not saying there are some literal superstars here tonight. I'm just sayin'. I mean, I'm NOT sayin'
I won my first time at trivia night at Shakespeare's. Let me know.
#Wicker Park/ #Bucktown!! Download the #Greek4Good app on your iPhone and interact with the billboard at Ashland & Division
Shoutout to New Followers By the way.
I Hope This Summer Be Fun
Find me at WWDC ;)
About to make a dumb ass out of myself on stage at El Camino right now.
scary! I hate spiders
yep! we're thin enough and, with great defensive clubs, we really need him in there.
since its not showing on tv for me atleast and espn charges u to watch it online im just gonna listen to radio barca for the game haha
Gotta to go back to the hospital after this...
That awkward moment when ur watching a movie with ur mom or dad and hardcore sexual jokes come up and hardcore nudity with a sex scene :/
Poor thing. She has the worst luck.
Rare Element Announces Revised and Improved Economic Results from Pre-Feasibility Study at Bear Lodge
Confession: Every 2 weeks when I get a pay stub, NSYNC's "Just Got Paid" immediately & reflexively plays in my head. I can't control it.
I have gotten to see more bands today then I did !
en route to vet for routine vaccinations, Cat was unhappy until I turned on the radio. What was playing? Mystery Train sung by Elvis Presley
Good luck sophomores taking whap tomorrow
I'll f'n retweet that! #sconnievictories Playboy's #1 party school & Men's Health #1 most educated city in the country.
and her style is unique! :) how u doing luv?
Hard to believe graduation will be here in no time
I hate to see u leave.
Just getting started on Twitter, great things are coming your way!!!!! Keep your eyes on us!!
Absolutely. Call Holiday Tours @ 274-5749. They will be able to take care of you.
Pleased a late evening of grading coincides with a late Phillies game.
ahww thats sad:(, you'll still have a lot of fun though:)
What other people think of you is none of your business
Hahaha, calling someone a sl*t because they sleep with married men is called speaking truth, not putting them down ;)
Hate it when my friends are mad at me. ... Tear Tear
Looking for an extension cord for my brain.
"Anything that encourages the perception of tech as being male-dominated is likely to contribute to the decline" of women in tech -...
Taking 30 minutes to shower, Because you like to stand there, under the hot water, just thinking about life..... Anyone else?
Thank you my friend!
welcome to twitter lol
Great job matt!!!!! U earned all those followers!!!
I will take you out driving this weekend :)!
Happy Birthday!
Wow!!! I'm finally taking a 10 day vacation. See you All after the Caribbean Cruise. Bye!! TJ Harrington
Congratulations to all the Oscar Winners tonight!
It's Friday the 13th... scary movie anyone?
Great times this weekend : S/O to and
Lost a tweet from u abt woman who does video workouts in big warehouse looking place. Foreign accent. Great WOs. Can't find her! Who is she?
2am audible- reservations for brunch, great call
thankyou too:D
Live w/ and talking Trust Barometer
I hear ya. I wouldn't want some poor criminal to steal my awful identity...lol
Preparing for the worst day ever...
Yeah man I hit you up lol I did Webster Hall too.
Homelessdogmusic will be launched. Will begin recording the music at Timewarp starting in December. JANUARY 2012 LAUNCH!
": What color croakies should I get?" - Famous Last Words
Summer Side Show is this weekend, hope to see everybody out there <3
the most lovable, mellow cat ever in life.
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he gets to know something.
Think like a Man - Act like an asshole
leafy greens resurrected!!
wish I could be there tonight... Home w my kids. Get Up Stand Up...don't give up the fight...
JPMorgan's $2-billion loss renews calls for tough financial rules - Los Angeles Times
Greetings to new followers - Hope you are having a great week
hahahahaha the New York Times already covered, that, if memory serves.
thanks for your kind tweets today, DO it -> go into education and be awesome, we need more passionate teachers
Time and a half makes this shift at work magical
done! Then we are going to post that baby doing EVERYTHING!
gonna be an early day tomorrow... going to a horse show w/ my barn buddies to help! =) <3 Gonna be awesome but tiring... goin to bed soon..
draft picks > ridnour
Working mom guilt, be gone! Your kids fare better, study finds: via
schipp's clearly a very intelligent & hygienic dude :) RT : I dont kno who Schipp is
I agree. I was a bit teary
Loved meeting you guys! !! Pls keep me posted!
Gahhhh he's so damn good to me
Going to try this More Women's Half Marathon, even with the hurty hip. Going to take it very slow.
Ford the first brand on Google+. Who was the second? Yeah, I don't remember either.
It's a animal collective show, what do you expect?
cheers to you as well!
ima girl wit dreams and i want them to come true so wat im doin is im gonna be on americas got talent thx to justin bieber inspiring me
they get fat white girls we get all the other girls lol
What kind of toys are you looking for? And are you in the Boston area? I think Coolidge Corner has independent toy/game stores, &c
love is too overrated
but I still want to be a toys r us kid, do I have to go to work? :(
I Gotcha
NCAA UPDATE: Ohio State, seeded No. 2 in East region, to play Loyola, MD on Thursday in Pittsburgh.
Also true. RT : Carolina BBQ is the tits!
Watching Virginia vs Virigina Tech. Go Hoo's
getting him to cooperate when changing his poopie diaper!
Always make sure to give your mind and body time to rest. Even if you have a million things to do, your health is muy importante!
Cee Lo is about the only dude that can wear ruffles and look cool doing it ! Lol! Great photo!
welcome to West Ham. Play with passion and dedication and you'll become a cult hero. You'll love playing for the fans here.
Thank you to Lori Fisher for booking her wedding with us today.We look forward to doing your wedding in August.
Love you ...Brothers 'till the end baby. Going straight to the top!
Bad Thing About Dance Recitals = Taking 20 Minutes To Get The Makeup Off... #NotAGirlyGirl #GetThisGUNKOffMyFace :(
POP-N-LOCK BEAT MIX going down live on w/ & at 6pm!!!
I would say ferentz deserves his salary?? What do u think
*lose...silly freshman!
Thank you! It's next week. I just believe in planning in advance - with cupcakes, of course.
no problem bro! :)
Back To School Special Call For More Info 305.866.1940 Thank you !
Experiencing the 80/20 rule today in all its frustrating glory. Any advice for getting on the right side of that ratio?
" Thanks. Brunch was delicious." -EthicalPervert Give it up for Twitter!
Listening to music this eve, my daughter informs me that she likes Joy Division's "Atmosphere." Apparently, I've done *something* right.
#WhiteSox #respect for Kerry wood nothing but class from southsiders
On the bright side, it's all over, and I am safe.
glad my house is a mile away from a chemical fire, not a block over :) you?
Channel surfing the MJ memorial.
what time is it in boston ?
u nd me both pal did u start that report for gym
So tired. Long day.
They're black with a link to address your concerns to Congress about SOPA
Fortification vs. Exploration tension: need both fortress and ships, but not both in one person, insulate not isolate
Women who dont wear underwear never get their panties in a bunch.
There is still time to enter the last giveaway, it's pinned to the top of my page. Good luck, a name will be drawn tomorrow!
This chick looks like a man, creepy.
11/19/2010 On Architecture: transforming a Cambridge mill into HubSpot's new headquarters Boston Globe
I got on twitter just to reply to my sister lol
Oh great... all these stupid twitter hoes gonna be puttin "born stunna" in their profiles now... yawn. Predictable ppl r boring.
is serving Bagel Dogs,Kimchi Reubens, Phatty Cake Ice Cream Sandwiches, Chocolate Chip Cookie on the corner of 10th & Ptree
Getting ready to change the name and design the new Twitter background! #zapcash PLS check out the site for all your acne products
Buenos Dias Everybody! You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
Going though my make up took three hours ... i have a serious obsession with it!
that is an understatement, the raider game was atrocious. It is clearly the worst in the league and the city n GM could care less.
Go to hell you stupid fucking cunt I hope you die!
Immature kids on this class <<<<<
do u know where mom is???
#NITLE was happy to be chatting alongside such great projects!
wow. what an exciting few days so many line up and touring announcements. which one sounds better? #BDO2012? #fieldday? Bon Iver?
Endless good, some cry music
Poon needa let me hold one of them lava lamps tho ..I'll pay him back lmao
Supermoon? More like regular-sized-moon-closer-to-the-Earth-than-usual.
Welcome to twitter! Thanks for connecting!
is so gorgeous it isn't even fair. #muchlove x
When I was in the supermarket I saw a man and a woman wrapped in a barcode. I asked, "Are you two an item?"
Real test of the MBP battery life on this 30 hour business trip - power cord left on desk is useless to me!
It was great to have you here! You picked a terrific time to be in Scottsdale. Have you stayed with us before?
would you just fucking shove paradise up your ass and die already???
Keeps enlightening my day with positive tweets that is truly
Semi-Finals of Dew Tour Today!! Spinnin Music at 2pm bottom of peak 8 at the TBar!! Come say what up!
1 minute left in the NBA - absolutely.
Beginning in 2013, creators of works can reclaim copyright of their works created before 1978--learned that recently, and it's awesome.
startech com mp3 airlink digital media streamer
and I are slamming some yummy food at yokozuna in tulsa.
Geertz unfortunately blows it at the end by insisting that it's a text but w/e
I stand for performers rights in Music Videos. Where do you stand? #thetimeisnow RT!
and I have been guilty of it. You get caught up. Your cast is gonna nail it. Can't wait!! Xoxo
#ifiruledtheworld no school. whatsoever. no more war. & food & shelter provided for all homeless people. yep.
Reconnecting w all my #rhetoric nerds at #NCA11 and loving it!
yes the print shop is just few minutes from your place
ahaha! Yup, bought it all! ( btw ate at Hemingway's tonight!)
Aw Jess it will be alright!!
Yay friday! The office bar is open!
aww thank you! :) Your not so bad yourself! Hahaa
"I get it, if I had just met me a day would not be enough" G. Lightfoot, 11/21/09
just played mario kart with my friend. i won
For sure will send the link out too :) Also have a #DairyQueen National that should be starting to air in end May/June :)
Know anyone that does website design? Let us know!
I don't like the way Erin sounds
when do I get to hear your theme song again? The series against the Giants?
I have 2 cases of Blast for you in my car.
Heads up to and We are running our piece on tonight around 5:50 and 9:50 on
thank you (:
Totally forgot about our 9th anniversary of arriving in America.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune ~ Jim Rohn /
Wearing flip flops to class in February wouldn't be possible without global warming.
I hope it brews back up again. I love the sound of thunder.
Welcome, stop by the office for coffee ": Touch down in New York. What a day, what a city"
I can't sleep most nights cause I don't really know what I want out of my life
in spanish this is soo dry. what am i doing. im bored af..
understandable :-) Just know that we're here when you're ready.
YOU'RE THE BEST! I WISH THERE WERE MORE RESTAURANTS LIKE URS W/ ORGANIC INGREDIENTS, AWESOME TASTE, GREAT PRICE!
Saying goodbye to your close friends for something ridiculous is getting hard:(
Not that complex. Just storing one value at a time in the field.
awesome! Joe D was just suggesting it was about time we all went drinking!
RT CaseyAnthony is so pretty w makeup! And shes gonna have ALL THAT $$$. I bet that really chaps your hide!
its ok :( we gotta really meet up next time !!
Best place in the world - Review of Walt Disney World, Orlando, FL ...: Walt Disney World: Best place in the world - See traveler rev...
Watching last weeks Project Runway Allstars with ; somebody made a neon lights Scorpion from Mortal Kombat
The total headquarters staff is about 18 to 20. Seven of us work on media and publications (at least some of the time).
Do the right thing and get the right thing done to you
just heard donald trump on hip hop nation...holla
lets do it! lunch time flash mob! RT ": imma dance like that tomorrow!"
Follow me Thanks!:)
President's Day Special: FREE shipping all day Monday. Use code UNCLESAM11 at checkout. #President'sDay
And somebody just went by with a camera and tripod
Good night tweetos!! Ciao
starting tomorrow; working out everyday and dropping all junk food!
The next time i hear some fool say a clit is just a small dick I'm gon tell em to
Hey, tomato aspic is alive and well on the Eastern Shore of VA
That's the way ya do it! Tonight coldest night in weeks. But the tomatoes are gonna LOVE the weekend!
Ahh looks gorgeous! Hope you're having a great time :)
starts teaching English to French teens on Monday... we'll see how this goes!
Rays tickets up for grabs right now!!! 877-999-1015
Obama, where were you on 9/11??? Have you forgot??? 4000 lives lost that day to unite country. Is that what it takes or you to unite country
finna pick the footage up today
Does right-wing bullshit count as a second language?
im smiling lol must be nice to smile.... :-)
Thanks to for joining this morn. Watch Sean tonight on Ch. 13 special Synthetic Drugs: A Growing Teen Danger 8pm
smh we got plenty of witnesses
Hit her up ! Lol RT : if she's down haha
yes. And #ShortSleeveDressShirt just asked me to lunch. So glad I have an excuse. Thank you for being that excuse
Hope all is well Mark! Been awhile!
it will be out soon. Still editing. After they approve the cuts, we begin sound/color work. Hope to have it done in 2-3 weeks
Learn to trust for you to be trusted
keep your iphone.. unless the droid is better than the iphone.
Just got my new balance 890s thx to first workout in them was success
I saw Blake Shelton last year at a small casino, great show!
RT is hiring fall interns! #betterlatethannever Submit your resume to . You must be able to get school credit.
Can't stand when I see a guy not opening a door for a woman, especially when it's a younger guy/older woman.
whatsup with them video thangs... saw your distress signal beaming in the sky... here to the rescue
I just scanned the picture and BAM! There he was! Turban and all.
Didn't we already say "thanks" when Wake retired & then later when he threw out the first ball of home opener?
Words and ideas can change the world.
its empty :/
San Jacinto/Navarro start time has been moved to 5pm. Blinn/Galveston will follow. Just 2 games today
"Just as pieces stitched together in a quilt warm our bodies, scrapbooks bind together memories to warm our hearts." Social media is the new
RT : If you are not following my new bar you should!! Opening soon. Please RT
just saw this now haha
PickUpLine: Take off that dress and screw my brains out PLEASE
Wow. All I can say is brilliant. RT : Food idea of the day: a guy selling bagels on the 520 onramp. Traffic blows.
#oomf kinda makes me sick to my stomach...I hope he knows that.
RT : Today was just no one's day.
At Capitol wondering, "who is Walker's puppet master?" He's not bright enough to get this kind of publicity on his own.
Thanks for the heads up. Not sure what happened there.
16 hour work day tomorrow ..cant wait.
Wow itz raining rite now? and do u still like where u live even though u dont like rain or clouds
Miami next week tho clear water and bikinis
Does sarcasm work in Twitter- Sure, let the auto companies fail. Jobs are always available in fast food. Who needs engineers?
see you all out tonight at the sexy club Voyeur ! Tons of sexy playmates and their bdays tonight!
send me a link to the shirts
Stonger?? No!! Truth Is What Doesent Kill You... Only Leaves You Alive Long Enough For Something Else To Kill You Later On.
I can't wait for prom with my beautiful date
Thank you so much! Don't know if you saw The Velvet Underground Tribute we did too. Doing Nick Drake's Pink Moon in January!
Youth Night was pretty sweet. OH how i've missed it!
(pt 2) "I see no basic difference between a poem and a handshake," says Paul.
you should apply for the #BEARS offensive coordinator job. I hear it's open. You can use Travis as a reference.
I got 2
A woman on fox31 news said needed other things not just dance skill to be an NFL Cheerleader?!?
Want me to to shout outs?! Then just ask!
Santa, can you hear me? I have been so good this year! and all I want is one thing: tell me my true love is near! <3
Looking for some more reviews/reviewers over at Let me now if you're interested.
stopped by school yesterday just because i didnt have to be there
Three more days until the sports talk revolution begins
Yea I just posted it
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses. ~Ziggy
I'll thank my mother today for being a pro life 18 yr old woman.
I have spent 3 hours in a plane but haven't gone anywhere.
I know that now -_-
the ridiculous amount of Khloe and Lamar posters that immediately showed up everywhere. And the real estate coverage.
Make Money with Social Media Webinar at 10 AM today! Join the discussion by adding #ccwebinar to your tweets
I didn't notice you!
RIP iphone 3G, you almost made it to July... Off to the Apple store!
If u're a$$ kiss'n someone 2 have their company, u OBVIOUSLY don't have the slightest CLUE of UR GOD given BEAUTY!! U r WAY
Haha that's kinda creepy. Maybe he's into you ;)
yo I had you this morning bro, I had FRANKENBERRY'S!
I'll be there on Thursday! RT : Show of hands: Who's going to tomorrow night's game to welcome the #Orioles back into town?
I paid $5 and I'm excited about watching dd, but no iPhone or iPad support? Fail!
I nice armillary? That would be cool.
Really liking the new linked in for iPad app. Learning valuable lessons about content reuse.
your welcome keep up the good work ;-)
A $13,000 blue hyacinth macaw tried to eat my head tonight. Seriously. You can't make this stuff up...
Only if you promise to rock a rat tail every Sunday Funday. Because who WASN'T jealous.
Thanks :D
You are the definition of class and how everyone should treat each other:-)
What is your skype?
Join me Monday night at 10 p.m. e.s.t. for Dark After Thoughts only on www.pararocktv.com. Things get a little hot this week.
You should wash that raw #meat down with a #pint of concrete.
Businesses be sure to sign up on our Website and support our mission to support local businesses, and save consumers money with our card!
I LOVE this job! I'll be within arms reach of Zoey deschanel for their first three songs!!
lol matter of fact I wore a du rag in like 4 years or so. so not wassup lol ahaha
Say dat shit dub! RT Yall Celtic Fans get off my TL HATING ON THE Lakers cause The 76ers got in y'all ass !!!!
Honestly, I still pine for the gold rush park idea.
goodbye spring break... hello school :(
Then, again, I have heard it is no use yourapplying if your hair is light red, or dark red, or anything butreal bright, blazing, fiery red
Salsa Saturday Night with DJ Omega playing a mix of all your favorite Salsa, Merengue, Bachata and Reggaeton! Madrigall 1627 Oak KCMO
Lololol u gotta watch it. Its absolutely hilarious.
Do you guys have a PVP side of your guild or are you just PVE?
USFistball would like to thank Gastao Englert for all he's done to help raise the level of play in the USA...THANK YOU!
just wanted to talk
"All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it." - Thomas a Kempis
What a gorgeous day to stand over a boiling kettle of wort. Really takes the nip away!
Wow that dance on SYTYCD- was amazing!
i love flowers
#theawkwardmoment when you've been at your eye doctor's house because of a friend of a friend but he has no idea!
Made our school seem like a joke on the news today
I feel ashy ewwwwww
I wish I could ignore my insecurities.
true but it's really not a big deal..lol
So excited to see Hugo with !!!!
I love Emma Stone.
The less you give a damn, the happier you'll be.
will b rockin the mic for game tonight with my radio station!!! come out and support!!!
U wont find anyone hotter on twitter then !!!!!!!!!
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." - George Washington Carver
Gr8 day in Sac, getting ready 4 in this weekend Only 30 followers to our next free Ice Cream Giveaway. RT & win
Did you know that sleeping too much (over 8 hours) is just as dangerous as sleeping too little (under 6.5 hours)?
Ah, spring in Granite City&#39;s Wilson Park
wow! Love you too Ash sorry I don't tweet about roaches and mosquitos
so how is he an animal? lol
Nailed today's column. Thank you! Gotta Believe!
hey(: how are you?
Corny feels loved. Thanks for following him!
#Dodgers officially sold by Frank McCourt to Guggenheim Baseball Management.
I can get on board with that. But I am also prioritizing catching up on 30 rock & doing some writing for fun
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! I am so thankful for all the wonderful people in my life. You are all such blessings! Let's eat!
But they said the book would come out in May! Now they say June! Better be in June I wanna read it. I love Bryn and Chase. :)
dark chocolate helps
I would never, ever, ever use the word "nummy." But I enjoyed my lunch there.
i lost 22 followers
#WealthyWomanTip Smile more often it attracts positivity and success :)
If you dare cycle down 4th St on Bike To Work Day (this Friday), be safe, motorists please be kind;)
San Antonio: Despite a cool front today, highs will still be in the 70's. Today: M/Cloudy, 20% shower. high 76.
We're BIG fans! RT Happy Hour! Oh hey!
hahaha I totally forgot about those. Now I want one.
These love songs are so far from what I feel ... I'm not passionate about anybody
can't believe miles never got drafted. I think he is still over seas #ballin though.
Snagged an earlier flight and will be in time for dinner. Good cuz lunch is bag of chips.
That's gud:-)
Haha Thank you thank you! (: <3 : Color us tres jealous! Have fun, ladies. :)
Vermin Supreme 2012
The team all went on assignment to experience the delights of Have you signed up yet?
have radial graphs been built into #d3?
Speak from your heart or don't say a word :)
We can design anything you need! www.stardesignsa.com What sort of design are you looking for?
Respect those friends who find time for you in their busy schedule, but really LOVE those who never see their schedule when you need them.
Eh I think I'm getting sick. I'm going to go lay in bed and listen to
seeing at post pavilion play the goyte remix made the crowd go crazy
Look whose on 's homepage under member news. It's me! Or, it's www.aarweb.org
It's a white lady in North side walking a wolf
So, its now official, the UK at Eurovision this year will be represented by... ENGELBERT HUMPERDINCK!!!!!! #PleaseReleaseMe!
safe to say i'm going to live another day. tho watching talking owls sorta makes me wish #rapture would happen, maybe just to my tv...
I am way too excited about some of these Chrome apps.
Lactose intolerant but just passed a Brewsters and I wanna damn ice cream. Perfect weather for it
how's the car holding up?
loves making boys so nervous they blush and sweat -- literally. ;)
I think both of my dogs are smarter than
Awh whoever called me pretty on tumblr- you made my day :)
Stage 1 - awareness. Stage 2 - fundraising. Take a picture of your lunch - "people love to take pictures of their food, don't ask me why"
Running before the sun comes up, motivation: Zombies are chasing me...the running kind.
Sunday is a great day to relax and reconnect with the spiritual in our lives. Take a break and count your blessings. Do something kind.
Hi Andrea -
We love you too! And thank YOU for everything that you and the guys do. You inspire us and make us feel beautiful!
:-) thanks, i love yours too.
Catching up on Southland & saw Larry Gilliard, Jr. of The Wire on an episode (D'Angelo Barksdale)!
Txt WEDDING & ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to win tix 2 an advance screening of THE FIVE-YEAR ENGAGEMENT on 4/19 in Cherry Creek!
Have fun!
Shout out to Femme Fatale for letting the people know about Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays!!!
are you alright ? why did he attacte you like that for?
Help us get to 100 follows by Wednesday! We can do it! #spreadtheword and show some support for :)
#Dead. Need sleep. Wonderful weekend with the #trancefamily, we couldn't be any more thankful to have you in our lives :)
": old twitter friend" no sir mister :)
You bet! Have a great day :) Thanks for following along!
These all sound great! Yay for Amazon--I just ordered all 5. It's looking like a summer of informative reads.
will do sir. Best of luck to you in your future endeavors.
i dont have a screen shot but... KEI / FI
Word, Juicy J. RT : When sumbody treats you wrong or hurt you , you should move on & Neva turn back ... Fuk em
I've got a personal twitter account where I use a photo. But here I thought WW with her fists were best for fighting FOX! C U later.
ha. Like a moth to flame ;)
We picked the Color Purple Winner!! Congratulations Agnes!! She won 2 tickets to the opening night & a $50 gift card to Mundo.
Do you work in Coral Gables?? Check out our Executive lunch menu and enjoy three delicious courses for only $17!!
GOTTA ADMIT.. That drawing is pretty sexy...#notgunnalie ;)
oh that's not much of a concussion. Lucky
Got bit by spooked dog being walked near office. Got scared by street cleaning crew in front of me that I was passing near dog.
Have an idea for an education blog? Would love some more guest bloggers/Posts at Always Prepped! Especially from teachers!
Prioritization is a key aspect of budgeting. Each area listed is important and has a valid case to receive resources.
If you ever need a guy to mess with the other team playing softball? is your guy. He even does backflips! lol.
Alien is who I is si:)
RT : With your help we raised over $136,000 dollars at A Day for Meta House! Thanks SO much for all of your support!
Paper then one more exam
Kinda surprised to see Haley go (I assume)
Spanish unions prepare for strike
Day off next Monday! Can't wait!
Why does my urine smell like salami? Not sure if I'm grossed out or headed to subway for for a spicy Italian.
hmm...I'll check it out. Just on the strength of your recommendation cuz
Love the feeling going to bed knowing that a) some people really do love you b) I get to sleep in! No work til 12!
im tryna work man, well if your down.. i like your style and i think we could do some dope shit
A shower sounds so good right now but I cant get out of bed
Awesome tat :)
hard work soon pays off
Yikes. And I thought I was the libchat meanie. Dear lord.
... Agree! Wats up wit that!? LoL
This lady is straight up staring at me from across this room, I've looked her in the eye 3 times but she continues.
yeah, you should come
go to the bar. Take care of Jules and Beth. 2 of my old bartenders.
U ugly ass dumb bitch I will kick ur ass if u talk to me in person. HATE KATY!!!!!! Fucking idiot....
Salty my internet down I need to hear dat meek mill
QoTD: "Failure is a far better teacher than success." (Unknown)
That awkward moment when something costs $2 and one of the those dollars is rolled up from the night before
Black Friday?blacklist? New music? Black tactic!!!
Sister Mary Lauretta~ To be successful the first thing to do is to fall in love with your work.
Baron Davis needs to go for a ride on his Hot Tub Time Machine again
Good morning #Cleveland a lot on the agenda for council today. We'll tweet updates throughout the day.
Civil War: Today in 1863, Pres. Abraham Lincoln attended a play--"The Marble Heart," starring John Wilkes Booth, Lincoln's future assassin.
At #Avengers with
#hump day... and i feel horrible!
Love that girl<3
She think I'm the realest out and I say damn that makes 2 of us!
follow us on twitter!
we opened secret santa presents sun. i got the coffee sleeve, but never got a press to use it with :( its a mystery what happened
This won't matter a year from now
Thank God the C's didn't do something stupid like trade Rondo for Smith and Teague
wow, cold-blooded, Comcast showed a replay of all Conrad's errors in the 2010 NLDS...and I thoroughly enjoyed each one
Anybody have tumblr? :)
Home Depot to hire 70,000 seasonal employees. Will legal industry follow suit?
lmaooo i miss you
We are at Denver Seminary today talking about internships and post-graduate possibilities! Stop by their student center if you are around!
will they block it? Or make me change my number
OMG OMG TOMORROWS SCHOOL NEW SCHOOL :(
flexible girl :D like that picture and icon as well :D YOU GO GIRL!! ;D
Marshalls! Thanks for watching ;-)
Ugh...well, in other news, no Ruutu tomorrow...that should help.
life is boring unless you meet someone....
Pretty sure I'm going to take myself on a movie date tomorrow.
Then moved to analyzing Twitter tweets for #globalwarming attitudes.
Starting an 8 year Education program at 24, better late than never
Same page.. Nu name
Achieve Goals. Make new Goals. Achieve Goals. Make new Goals.
Saturday April 21,2012 at 8:30pm at Left Coast Wine in Glendale, CA jazz with vocalist and Matt vanbenschoten bass.
My coffee today is called "intimate." Will there be this awkward silence & do I have to cuddle w/ the cup when I get finished with it?
10-to-1 Ted Nugent gets audited this year.
I run wit scissors because it make me feel
Eek! Too soon... RT ": Mavericks one game away from becoming victims to history's 2nd Oklahoma City bombing."
okauy i will have it by tonite :) -anna
you always have the best shit to retweet :)
My mom says I'm becoming an alcoholic, My dad says I'm just a wimp... I think my dads got a more valid point
Of course it does! If only we all had a bit of crochet for those a/c days of summer.
Every laker game I watch Kobe lets me down ... Turnovers and terrible shot selection.
No doubt I'm wearing a dryer sheet disguised as a shirt.
That's one healthy baby.
r u going to the cornival or what? Lol
ready to see you to
Boarded up windows after May Day protests. New this am - how SPD is hunting vandals, & what group says "fear mongering" led to damage.
Let us come into his presence with thanksgiving; let us make a joyful noise to him with songs of praise! -Psalm 95:2
Followed you Hun (: and nope I don't ;(
follow back please :)
TODAYS DEAL : Benefits of failing:1. U become stronger. 2. U know your real friends.
ha ha, I'm currently trying to hide an enormous erection.
thank you<3
Can you check in at the lake on foursquare tho? Lol
Loved seeing everyone gathered around 's computer to watch the shuttle launch! Great way to spend the morning at work.
Hope you've collected your winnings, or at least whiffed the felt tip pen!
I'm temped to read #thelyinggame books but I'm worried there will be spoilers for the show. Does anyone know how close they are to the show?
Super bored.. someone text me #please I will love you forever
that's good ! ^-^ lol school is almost out ! I'm so excited !
I bet Super Cards fan was crapping his pants last night.
I will be taking the stage at Governors Comedy Club here in Levittown tonight 10pm!!!
Oh that's awesome! :))
All I do is for the glory of God!! Thank you for this blessed day! Tomorrow should be great, as another day awaits!
OMG remember Jesse McCartney? Wow I loved him
The emerging #kodm productive problem seems to be metamodeling (as opposed to fixing existing best practices, for example)
oh , i have one coming up to , i wish you luck !
Crap my sleeping schedule is so messed up.... I'm so awake right now.
Everytime I see a trailer/news for the Hunger Games movie I get intense chills & goosebumps..EVERYTIME. I'm so excited omg.
*roars laughing*
Use the comments section of the survey to suggest another map option that you prefer.
This is going to be a great series. But I AM NOT any kind of fan of either team. Got it?
Can't wait until spring break!! Florida here I come :)
why do you think I'm friends with you ...?? It's cuz you look 12 lol!
amen! Couldn't be more relevant today!
Cool, is member #7,900 in the LinkedIn group! Don't worry, he is connected to tech, thanks to his Software Cluster initiative
Being single is not a bad thing.
Made homemade pizza, now watching
Boring Monday
P.S. I'm an enthusiastic affiliate based on my paleo successes, plus having gone to Robb's seminar. Great information therein.
Scary movie marathon and pajamas all day with my best friend. >>>>>>>>
I look like a walking bruise
girl you should do it!!
I guessed right, woohoo
Leaving Soon. Camp With My Church , Hope It Turns Out Fun!(: I'll miss you babe /:
Happy Birthday George Lucas!
yeah? Hm I hadn't thought of that. Does this city not have Africans ready to get their braid on?
that's so cool! I want to go to school for photography, but I've only taken a semester high school class. But I love it.
When it rains, it pours. Last week to be social before I delve into work-a-holicism for a while... actually already there.
Working his paws to the fluff! RT : Busy Teddy Bear.
I'm looking for interns or volunteers to help out the Hollywood Jammers Pro Basketball team. If you have a specialty , please email me.
That's nothing new. I already saw "Ben-Hur"
my pants are so baggy and comfy it kinda feels like im wearing nothing at all
Remember ppl SMILE!!
RT : My mom's Prius starts with the push of a button. Maybe she's Wiz Khalifa?
I challenge you to a duel in poker..texas hold'em? Im from az so lets battle!
I got through the coffee drive- thru & will pay for the car behind me-I imagine how I would feel if someone did that for me!
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Tommy Boy
Blackburrrry Double Chocolate Brownie. Get Two Beef, and or Polish Beef sausages for $6
I Feel Ya
had my french GCSE exam today and one of the people who make sure we don't cheat phone went off several times OMG
Oh well I wasn't even following #amile ... So glad we play duke this year in #Atlanta ... I'll be there!
We can't say enough about NowRecords... More soon, but we're thrilled to announce the hip collaboration of Now Records + Apple Road.
Cent FL rocking w/ races- Go , Celebrated John Glenn's orbit 50 yrs ago @ Kenn Space Ctr. Nasa-Nascar awesome combo!
that's where I spent years 2-18. so I guess that's where I'm from.
he's so noble it inspires me
Thanks very much, and the kids seemed to be having a blast!
almost did my first day at best buy it was amazing!!
DJ had his laptop stolen...during the wedding. Ouch :(
Watching Hitch!!!
I have faced what most would call, "pure evil", delt with personal fear and even death..and I'm still here..you find out what you're made of
yes, I also covet her arms!
Splash at tonight! There are a few seats left... food, wine, painting. It will be a blast.
#ForcesOfNature Gears has to be the best gaming community ive ever seen
Testing Testing - trying to sync Twitter to Facebook.
It's because some years ago, they decided (intentionally) not to participate (i.e not to provide data).
- good luck tomorrow!!
lol aw what all u got 2 do and u kno it don't start until 8
YOU COMING BACK TO ME IS AGAINST ALL ODDS
Don't cry but for sure imma see if I can take the day off tomorrow so we can chill.
Are you an experienced game #developer that wants to work on A Titles? Let #VonChurch help you find that next job
Gearing up for our show tonight at Imua Lounge in Honolulu, HI! If u haven't heard us live yet, you don't know what you're missing!
hey guys cc:
#2wordsasianpeoplefear You Failed.
yeah thats true it's restarted that we had to do that
It's #BikeToWorkWeek. Are you braving the traffic on your bike?
What fast food item would you never eat again?
Several police arresting woman in Capitol Visitors Center who's screaming many things, urging everyone not to assassinate Paul Ryan
Heading into a busy day that begins with bootcamp w/ Let's do it!
we will be there soon!
lmao why didn't you just go to the grant game
To my Lakers-fan followers: I know this is brutal, I was expecting this. But we must go thru this to get a better team. Destroy to rebuild.
A goal without an action plan is a daydream.
My girlfriend just showed up to my #DJ gig!
Join us tomorrow night and try some of our brews at from 5pm-7pm for the kick-off of our expansion into the Buffalo area!
Who winning tha game?
Just put AP on the board - went for $26; wish he had gone higher for strategy. $200 budget.
shh that's the after party smh
#FF Saturday is going to be gorgeous for 's As You Like It. Picnic in Griffith Park. I'm so there.
is loving on our Spanish peeps. Great Show!
My professional, educational, and roommate worlds collide at the chiropractor's.
great job of showing how social strategy fits into busness & customer strategy
Im down...ima holla at him about it then
you never played me in draw something :( it says you have to many games ...
Vietnamese Student Association's Lunar New Year tickets are on sale for $5. The show is this Saturday, get your tickets before prices go up
Church clothes hittin
i dont know you
Occupy the manger?
Good question
lmao I'm always such the hero (:
How can you shorten a bed? Don't sleep long in it.
I've never EVER given up easily on anything or any1, so if I walk away from you, just KNOW u worked HARD to earn that.
thx much for tweet re Smarthistory/Time; also, link for article on impact of visual intel on math intel doesnt work, pls redo
Watch 's client on WeTV tonight at 9p est!
Umm the lakers have lost about half of the championships they have been in so they must like losing a lot too
Thrilled to add Compass Rose in Regina as a new CRM 2.0 client -- making full use of business-to-consumer and co-op agent features!
any recipes that you all know of for using creeping charlie in brewing? Have lots, wondering if it's useful...
Why are we still learning when there is only 4 weeks of school left
Now chs won't let kids have access to our backpacks. #GoSchool!!
Make sure your contractor has a valid contractors license. www.cslb.com
More official photos have been uploaded.
Chinese New Year!
there is SO MUCH WIN right there lmao
Flight of the Conchords wins an Oscar! (by way of #theMuppets). Nice!
You will not want to miss the beginning of worship today at !!
good point! i didn't chase folks down & insist they take my advice-- just tried to be visible & available.
Additional big ups to the classy folks at Chicago Deskset for helping to spread the word.
We will definitely put it in rotation!
Go Spurs Go!!
www.seductivedreamwear.com Sexy Lingerie, Sexy Shoes and MORE check us out Ladies you will Love it, Spice up your life.
Bored out of my mind, and watching The client list. Can't wait for tomorrow!
You're gonna love'em!!!!
Herman Cain is very impressive.
How do I enter?
yes...I am driving.
that was nice! What you said about
Noticed that only USA fiction I've read lately is Truman Capote's. Otherwise Japanese, Swedish, British. Recs for USA authors, anyone?
lol how does it look
& Thanks for the support!
You get the right artists by networking in and out of your record label
oh no lol im sorry lol
I can't wait for #JESSNL !!
I wanna know
Another person gone billy mayes.
Sure? Wait why?
Can't sleep so may as well do my hair (which is been a hot mess lately)
Four hours of sleep. Haven't played since September. Huntington Beach is on. Cue the music.
Next at #mashcon: Peter "the future of stuff"
It's alright. =) It was time-consuming but I had fun making it
just came home from #Balboa #Park....hehehe!
:-p Aren't you supposed to be appearing for spontaneous lunch again soon?
nope im gettin tomorrow
Got two iPads, one online and one at the #sxsw popup store. Just needed one so I used eBay. Buyer paid $160 more of what I paid!
Good luck with that. ;-)
LONDON!!:D
Hi Lori, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
99 followers...who's going to be #100?!?
Walking with Dinosaurs is tonight at The Gwinett Arena!! I got tickets!! My Nana is even coming, woot!
What do you think are the top 3 mistakes entrepreneurs make when asking potential clients questions?
Cleaning and organizing office today. Listening to Fu Manchu, Refused, Powerman 5K, Rollins Band, Revolting Cocks, Jawbreaker, Throw Rag.
You had me at hello....
my fone still off!
i can do this
came up in conversation today at work. Gotta love it!!
studying fer finals wish me luck =/ algebra sux
Why didn't immortal song invite piggy doll into the show?.
I like that got me into Rick Ross on her special the other night.
I'm here to help folks RT Thanks, Dan!
I love how there are all these Knicks fans now that they have a squad... SMH... 5 years ago u were probably Nets fans or Default Laker fans
Its a lok night!
my dog angie & i are bonding. But my soulmate and I are on different paths.
Amen RT : Ok seriously, girls who upload solo shots of themselves pouting on facebook need to stop. I don't understand.
Sorry for some but I must state that I love central air! I'm straight coolin, I'm coolin coolin, I'm coolin.....
Challenge! Can I get from 54th & 8th to 33rd & 6th in 30 minutes w/o tourists getting in my way! Challenge accepted.
R.I.P - Donna Summer, 63, died this morning after a long battle with cancer... Heavens saved the last dance ;)
Rise and shine
Haikeet #2: alone in the pumphouse/ night falls oh dear no flashlight/ hug trees hug trees, home
photogrphed a wdng this wknd & saw an 8yrold w/ an iphone! Wonderd the same thing. Privacy & does he really need that?
Do Truth and Kofi get to use the Freebird rule to defend the belts with Lil Jimmy?
#WhatIMissMost nap time during preschool years
Fenty was young too. But also stared at the ANC, and built a positive reputation. Like Tim Day has.
#20ThingsAboutMe I can't sit still . I have to be moving Somehow. It drives everyone crazy . c: *shrugs
brett favre needs 2 say he's done.that would stop all this!!
heyy ive been wondering for a while what happen to you doing OLLG?
Sorry! I was watching Wrestlemania 28 Luv ya still! :-)
Scott Walker even lies to the people who give him big bucks. He's like a hooker who says, "You were the best ever."
Up and can't sleep.
I'm in the strip club throwing yesterdays money You in the same club throwing other niggas money
Hi! Compare a Dell 1520 Inspiron Battery, we are $59.99 inc Shipping vs BatteriesPlus at $80.99 + Shipping. Try Us!
Version 3.1 in review to Apple. Minutes away from approval.
About to get my hair donee:)
chorus rehearsal today for state...leavin' this sunday for Jacksonville, Florida!!!
R I P B.Murphy the world has lost another beauty
I wouldn't think that 50k is possible, but then again I never thought they'd get 40k until it happened last year.
Congrats to today's winner, Asha Bee! Only 4 days left for a chance to win your mom a FUMI Bracelet Pursehook!
Good luck to the boyfriend on his interview today!
almost dropped you in cheerleading today.
lol just say it :P
Good Morning!!! On my way to the gym to get it in... Then I have shed on some new music! I am ON ONE TODAY PEOPLE!!!!
RT: Talking with 's newest hire Isaac Hartstein. Interfolio grows! And welcome Charlie and Melissa!
"You can buy this $2 bill for only $10!"
RT Jobs report shows there are still too many working men & women struggling to find work, pay the bills, and make ends meet
It is a RARE night here at Madrone, thanks to Oscar Myers, Steppin', and a special guest or three
These past couple days have made me happy, all because of him :p
I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more <3
Some people feel that way about poker. But, those of us that understand the art behind the game appreciate it.
#ThanksToMyEx I know how to treat a woman right
Goodnight! When I wake up I will be in VACATION MODE
Tweet dreams! Say your prayers!
then go to sleep
A marine was discharged for writing on Facebook "I will not follow all orders from [Obama]" (among other things about the president.)
On our way to Orlaaaanndddo! :)
Bad news for Carlos Marmol owners RT : Sveum finally considering a change at closer. Names Russell and Dolis as his options.
$NFLX Hastings: Surpassing Bittorent in unique visitors 'huge,' given worldwide piracy concerns.
Agh. So octopi is wrong because it mixes Greek and Latin roots. I knew it sounded funny!!
What wonderful company to be in!
Congrats on your baby :)) can't even tell you are preg on y &r
South Africa is where I come from
Blazic Rebula is just 12% abv! A perfect summer sipper! Lemon, lime, blazing acidity. Now wheres that sushi!?
I might bring one pair but I just want to buy some shit, and nah I rather go with you and spot you $$$
Sent you an email with last minute questions and I am off to bed. Can't wait to hear all about it and see your awesome coverage!
My mentions are dead so ima go listen to horrible covers oF Boyfriend *Le cries* i feel so alone!! D:
That moment when you give the right answer but the teacher doesnt hear you, so some bitch steals it from you & the teacher praises them.
Times like this is when I need someone like too help me with all these girls hair and makeup for prom
Excited to get my women's tee later this week!
Happy Birthday to my big bro, Ray. There is nothing quite like time with family :)
RT : Peyton manning, gone. Not surprised but it's kinda sad. He built lucas oil stadium and has done so much for the indy!
Lol RT : Overheard "do you have to be gay to have some?" "i hope they know we aren't together" "for ice cream we are"
Amber rose must got that good good made kanye go crazy n got wiz wanting to marry her thats wats up yo!
Thanks for the follow!
Is it the Wegmans omega-3 enhanced yogurt? They use some sort of fish oil in that I believe.
This the DRIVE Packers need a Pick or a stop Giant will try to run again.
Sorry twitter for neglecting you these days!
apologies. you missed a hell of a finish...but a win nonetheless!
Congrats ! on the award and thanks again for the help last week.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?! It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Please?? :]]
Then I wonder if what other people say, is true. I don't like mirrors. I get upset with my image. Because I won't be pretty or decent.
good morning my beautiful future thank u for a wonderful night mwah xoxo have a blessed day
Bring moss in to lock up #1 cb so wallace can meet the ball in the endzone, all day long!
People are always more important than numbers. Happy people make happy numbers...which make even more people happy.
i will be streaming later on today with the gas mask challenge please to come on by when I do go online thanks all
is completely amazing!! and i LOVE her!! She is the sweetest. Friends?
Well I'm probably scarred for life... This is more awk than when I saw breaking dawn with my bro...
is always wonderin what peoples dreams r mine is 2 be able 2 meet my fav singers of all time: bethany joy galeotti & sheryl crow!
#mascmplx panel on violence up next; after Ken Corbett's heartbreaking talk we are prepared
Google Chrome is _dragging_ but it works fine incognito. Wonder if I need to ditch one or two of these extensions
RT : One last big ups to our tour sponsors for : , , and Check em out! They r ...
bless you, brother fish! Ah-MEN!
I LOVE CODY SIMPSON! RT IF YOU AGREE!
When it rains, it pours...at least this week! Only good thing is I'm done with school for the semester!
It always pays to chop the head off of a snake because their always lurking in the grass full of sheep....
how do you keep that figure?
Until we strung out like a violin, come back to life, then we die agian.
Is about to announce that 5 out of 5 mothers (ours) approve the use of Point Imaging as your visual marketing solutions provider!
Dad: "You should be ashamed, when Abe Lincoln was your age he chopped wood for a living." Lazy Son: "When he was your age he was President."
Our pleasure...great laughs to be sure!
ah! i need your number, text me lol
good morning ms.prettyp and friends happy wednesday to you
booboo! What are you doing all the way up here?
Ok iPhone/AT&T. You're cool and sexy and all that, but will you please just make a phone call for me right now? How hard can that BE???
I do not understand people who do not accept twitter as true purity.
wait a sec lay of my boyfend carson ll im only joking babe =P
i did not agree to these terms and now he changed the rules so i have to wait over a fucking month till i can get my nose pierced
Long Tail of the Big Bang - sounds like a Chinese folk tale
I don't know if it's the low attendance or what, but both goals seemed rather anti-climatic.
Is Global Warming Causing More Home Runs in Baseball? - Scientific American
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
Baltimore youth are our valentines. Stop the youth jail.
- glad you're Skype'ing in to #flacon2012 today -- I was asked to speak in Peter's place but couldn't be there. See you soon!
They ate themselves. Oh, wait, that was the Donner Party.
Yuck RT Glee being a "show-within-a-show" definitely means Rachel and Kurt are going to have their own reality show.
Nice. We actually took the name Lakeshore Driving from the Duran song of the same name. And we're from Portland, same as Dandys!
April 26: Happy Birthday to Carol Burnett!!! A TV legend and great comedienne
yes,you have more than me haha :P
#celtics 2-0 tonight i wanna see one of KG's famous ' Bar Fights ' the road to #Banner18 continues!! Lets Get it!
Oh so this is the famous Castiel <-Kelsey xoxo>
Birthday today :) Shoot then party with the family. #lovelife #HappyBirthdayToMe ;) <3
Q: What is the difference between a fish and a piano? A: You can't tuna fish!
sour patch kids
no idea... And honestly, no time. Just planning to join someone else's group and help for the weekend.
Already done! :) Love your stuff. Keep it up!
666 Park Avenue? I can't...I just can't.
Inside The Last TV Network Where Soap Operas Still Reign Supreme via
Enjoyed seeing UK playing at Memorial but would have liked to have seen how full Rupp would get for an NIT game.
o ur a keeper...
Gym done! Got my two a day in. Motivated!
Redesigning my website. Needs a new look. Anybody have any good suggestions?
We wanna see on a longboard. How bout it Matt?
word!RT Same applies to the 30+ female age group still referring to themselves as "Barbies". You're a "Blanche".
The clippers are dangerous at the end of games
Ahh! can't sleep for love nor money.
Maybe we can't do that, but we can make his life more annoying.
I'm good
love and adventure! Can't wait! Counting down the days..
Here we go
doing homework 0: its easy but boring
1 more day then here I come, FrightmareWeekend!!
Booty call maybe?? RT I wonder why she calls me out of all people at 3:00 AM...
Not feeling to good right now
ooh. I'm sorry.
My new moto is for my Paralegal career is "Take a Bite out of Justice" courtesy of Crisco Kidd....lol
Good to see the Occupy movement back in the main stream media. This fall it will be Occupy Government time in DC
Going to try out for abdc soon.. Thanks to my mentors who help me make it this far..
7411: I love your icon it reminds me of what Austin did and your bio is so sweet #Mahomies we should talk some time {anytime}
I might ACTUALLY send flowers tmrw for making this the best Thurs night EVER! is amazeballs in
or ... poor fake-snake material. :)
Hot ham n cheese is dank.
Help the #homeless! Just don't feed the animals. RT : looking for couches to sleep on...
In-and-out becoming more of in and wait 25 minutes for order lately
First wedding of the year today! Watch tomorrow for an exclusive 24 hour bridal show wedding package sale!!
Nice! French, US or other?
Screw Rush Hour 2nite 5-7 $4 apps, half priced premium well drinks, draft beer and select wines. Start the weekend off Rockin'
don't fight fire with fire girlfriend (;
8/13/2010 Book Review: Marketing Lessons from the Grateful Dead blogcritics
warching your videos on youtube :) what about you?
Here at the Mill Top with !
Today I told my car it's okay for it to tell me if it's a transformer. It didn't answer. I figure it's just waiting for the right moment
Canon launches new printers - Malaysia Star
absolutely love it, well done! Agree that its simplicity is what makes it so amazing, the words speak for themselves.
Levi Shall Beget Another
Hi I was wonderin if u can help me.I hear voices in my mind n idk who they r or where theyre comin frm.can u possibly tell me
made me smile.
Thank you, Mr. Homeless for pointing me in the direction of the right train to NY. But no, I won't walk with you to an ATM to get you money.
The #bucks have been playing out of their minds! Who are these guys?
btw, i can't believe we didn't bump into each other; we could have shared ink collections!
Have a great weekend as well!
Are you saying salad is bad? :-O
So excited about the event today. Can't wait!
Dancing while on the treadmill is a bad idea.
I still feel like death. Lol
Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone!
thank you for following me moma
I did. We only got to watch one cartoon in the studio :(
#askalexconstancio WHY ARE YOU SO ADORABLE??<3
The 5th annual Pierogi Making Day was a success! Though I feel like I got beat up today. Cooking for 6+ hours is hard work!
Wow, Pat Summit has been the head coach at UT as long as I've been alive.
It's officially 162 days to hockey season.
Not a fan. Racial humor tends to turn me off.
BITCH I KNOW YOUR NAME HOE
damn i is zo cute!
I'm friendly :)
Poor Whitney. That one really hurts. Was really hoping the best for her. Her voice will truly be missed. :(
Kk... Call me wen u get home... I dnt feel like gettin on facebook or twitter i'm givin it a break... Im doing this threw txts *LiVInG L ...
Hey Sid! Can you follow us and we'll DM you an invite? :)
Utg had 22, mp blind shvr had J7h. CO AA came n last place! Utg flps set 2. Mp hits flsh..now, i really don't feel bad plyn so tight!
So it's NOT true? The dentist didn't pull all her ex's teeth? Bummer. I got a lot of mileage out of that story. :)
Fabulous Kiss kiss <3
wait, to clarify, part 1 of our senior prank was wearing halloween costumes because we had a snow day on halloween & never got to dress up.
I think is an IPA guy. Try Stone IPA.
thanks for visiting SJSU today! :)
RT BREAKING: The #Senate has passed the motion to allow debate to begin on #S1789. 74 yeas, 22 nos.
I need a Kendrick, Andre 3k, and Eminem track
my self-employed self is jealous...good luck!
Stop complaining about your goddamn blue balls. That's what you get when you're dating someone several towns over and work 24/7.
Better still: put them on Flickr/Picasa RT : Idea - using Pinterest to market digitized images from your archives/IR
: I have to get my car first. When i start work that's gonna be the first thing i'll get.
This essay interview is 20 short answer questions with a 3 page essay... -_____-
tweets stuff that is 24-48 hours old news #Unfollow see ya
Ay Wandita, I know the feeling. I've been handling it with bobby pins! Going to get my hair done today, al fin.
Drink a Boost, take a nap. This seems counterproductive.
of course they ain't crazy.
Welcome to our new followers!
Turkey :) you ?
U live till u die ...... KeyWord: LIVE
who kissed me?
Completely agree, TE of the future.
Alison Hart has a good trilogy out you might want to take a look at. It's the Gabriel series. First book is "Gabriel's Horses"
MT : Hey nerds,... the podcast on the history of radio in new york is especially worth your time
And to think, some said I'd never accomplish anything in my life.
Ha I'd rather do either than do push ups!
I veto that last pin!!!
u were a pity fuck.
dunno? Biscuits I guess...
Yeah when y'all said that fog was setting in at 1AM, all we could do was laugh.
thanks so much ;)
#affiliate #internet So What here are 4 simple steps to success online? 1.have a free offer 2.continuity 3.converting page 4.great backend
Can get a shout out? TODAY is his b-day & he's a HUGE Cowboys fan!!
They're pipes! They're all connected! RT : "I was in the pool. I was in the pool."
Come and savor some Sangria tonight..we have $5 glasses of red or white your pick
Dig RT But please, don't compare #occupywallstreet to the Arab Spring. Those kids fought and died for rights you were born with."
Really inspired me to look into technology for viable income streams. Thanks
- need your expertise, new start-up, tried Skyping you off your site, email me to get the ball rolling
On set...there is both hustle and bustle
ugh so tired sigh i hate you mornings
Its good mood food.
still not even home. I don't think I'm gonna make it. How long are you staying.
I'm really starting to dislike Instagram just cause its an additional click and load for all these pictures I just wanna click and see
Guess who unfollowed me!
HR is sales. Well that changes my to-do list.
Hi guys! I'm here in denver with my family I'm so bored. Just kidding!
No prob. ": thanks for the follow back"
Senate apparently is worn out and going home without a vote on Mike Green's nomination, among others. Read more at democratandchronicle.com.
I'm feeling bad for not remembering HAHAA..
Already sold out the first Fish Special of the day...Chef! What's Next?!?!
#MSC - Strong finish to Q1. How did you finish up? Creating my playbook for Q2. Got some exciting projects to work on. Stay tuned.
It's definitely midterm week. Everyone's in the library with their heads down. Spring break can't get here fast enough!
You can do anything, but not everything. ~ David Allen
now you get to be on top of Cody when you go to the beach(;
Thanks for making a difference!
Oh god, I think Eric's here. No. You're creepy and oooolllddd
That or the fact that Buff squandered all their high rd picks on bad talent.......
Your new website looks great!
if you want a follow back just ask ((:
of course Room 101 is gonna be crazy! Just like last week
sounds delightful!
When someone says they have to ask you a question, you think of all the bad things you've done recently!
we're wondering the same thing! Hopefully we'll have an answer for you soon!
NICE! Miss you guys. Love from MI
Next week? I'm out of town today. :( ": come get a free empanada then! Farragut Square at 11:30. Be there?"
Pilot warned us not to go after hat or scarves that blow away as he dropped us off on an active runway at laguardia. Thanks.
here's hoping!!!
Any update on restoration of service in Baltimore City? Thanks!
Happy Birthday ! We love the mini cupcakes from Milwaukee Cupcake Co
Peyton, you clever SOB. You just won yourself a 5th MVP award and you didn't even play. Always one step ahead.
I don't think that's very provacative ...
but I'm going to sleep goodnight sis :) have a good day!!
Thanks everyone for understanding that I haven't had much time lately. I want you all to know that it doesn't mean I don't love you. K?
Seriously ? why is this white-coated urologist explaining #hcr on my teevee? Come on Dr. Gupta, you can do better.
I need some new faces for shoots. Dallas' beautiful faces need to get at me...
why doesn't my guide work anymore and how do I get it back? To be announced makes it hard to know what's on!
how do u changee your pic on here?
not funny.
My cock doesn't talk politics. ~Stephal Sachs.
Happy Thanksgiving
Time for just dance 3 yes !!!
Everett was never an offensive stud but his 2003-6 numbers were decent given his glove. Lowrie is better...
I gotta actually get some rest tonight
I think a lot of Bron...er Tebow fans are jumping of the bandwagon
Congratulations Antonino on your selection
Hmm. If I coach teachers again, I'll have to include voice. Interesting to note.
Mondays suck!
I didn't realize you were here! But now I see you, two rows ahead of me.
Speaking of smiles: YOU'RE SMILE IS BEAUTIFUL<3
Re-reading Daughters of Caliban: Caribbean Women in the Twentieth Century Ed. Consuelo Lopez Springfield
think he'll slip
dropped by the other day .w/ johnnie B..but you were out and about!
Exactly! What happened to the days when there were only two thousand on Vincent's page and they had fan pages where they talked.
#ABOY2012 Awards are under way.
lame. I tandem nursed because my daughter loved it, and still does.
cut my wrists and black my eyes
Thank you for following! @
Fishing sucks here believe it or not. I've tried that. Actually, I think it sucks on west coast in general.
Can everyone on twitter please pray for no more rain tomorrow in #Miami ?? I really need sunshine back :)
Now he's the camera holder but I bet in high school he was the purse holder lol damn.
Tell me about this "more hiring, more making" thing.
does he have to appeal if willing to walk on first year
I totally will. I could use both lol.
u didnt invite me
who else counts their chicken nuggets just to see if you got an extra one? lol
Emily who is he?
Listening to Suha Alawadi present her Smart Cities project in collaboration w/jochen school and at the
Thanks for getting up so early this morning to anchor Anna! Always great to work with you
The Silk Tie likes Rolling Stone!
I need something more relaxing to write. King Diamond or Darkthrone work best. Unless I need to really focus than it's Venom.
what r u doing
I've broken everything breakable in the house, do lets see if I can split some knuckles on the heavy bag.
International Expo and Conference on Analytrix & HPLC during 22-24 Oct, 2012 at Chicago, USA
My dreams have come true.
Hey young lady out there!! You CAN #love completely again. Not only AGAIN, but even BETTER; when u #Love thru Love (God)
Anxiety getting the best of me again
How do you leverage engagement to drive bottom line metrics? Were going to find out!
"Help me I'm poor"
haha fuck it, I mean either way he is gonna be dressed up in full pads
Woo! Home run!! Carlos le
To breed an animal with the right to make promises - the paradoxical task that nature has set itself in the case of man. Nietzsche
I've said this before.... but it makes more sense now that the #HungerGames are out. I have a girl crush on Jennifer Lawrence.
plz follow Tara10735275 she is new to twitter and don't have allot of followers
After working 12 hour days for the past 5 weeks I finally only have to work 8 hours today!!!
Is there something wrong with me when lesbians tell me I would make a good lesbian. Asian Androgyny FTW!
Join us this week at the Anchorage Museum to converse on extinguishing Alaskan Native Languages.
entertainer. An actor in a Victorian theater. Where everyone shows up to an outdoor theater at night dressed in feathers.
of course we can do Sunday!
RT : Did you watch PRISONER OF HER PAST tonight on PBS? Please tell us what you thought!
I hate waking up with a sore throat.
I hope everyone in NASCAR enjoyed a week off...now back to work!
The sun is out the wind is blowing and it's raining. Freaky Spring weather.
just trying tweetlogix. Hard to find a twitter app that has it all...
lol yea trust me I learned the hard way save time and emotions and cut unhealthy relationships
Darth Vader turned to the dark side after doing poorly on the Imperial Comprehensive Assessment Test.
-- plus I like the Dickinsonishness of it: C19, am.
& no not every female deserves that goodness bc some are trife as fuck. #hoes &
Ha, I get to get back in my bed until 1
When you make a mistake, don't look back at it long. Mistakes are lessons. The Past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
When did this new Brandi Carlile single come out? Because, I like it! Does this precede a new album, perhaps? :D
First time for everything. Burn. :) RT : am waiting for a good article this offseason!!! Come on Greg!!! Lol JK
u have officially made me mentally unstable. It's all good though ill just sit here in a corner and rock back and forth. Sobbing.
WEE i do need something. I need a dip!-.- lol SIKE!
Deffff need a Skype sesh with all my family in Spain. Miss them like no other!
I made it out this morning so hopefully you'll be good! Fingers crossed.
never believe a word i say until i prove that word
Did you see Melissa Harris' segment on poverty this morning? It needs a miniseries, but it was great.
We see more BLUE than any other COLOR, but we NOTICE RED more than any other COLOR and its the RAREST COLOR in the NATURAL WORLD..
Bought some earlier this weekend! Dad saw you on tv and thought about your chili :-)
#Timeless movie premier in toronto w/ 730 pm sharp!
thanks! It was fun how it all worked out:-) great to see you too.
any plans for the #Caps game?
Hanging with a rad group of people at the moment, writing session lataaaaa
The best part is the awkward non music celebs that try to dance in the audience. No rhythm, but have to dance so I don't stand out.
RT : Just filled out my ballot for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Don't forget to vote!
RT : Twitter upgraded its Search algorithm in the last couple weeks that has dramatically improved its People Search tool.
Its all worth it though, right? Keep grinding Ms Burress!!!! #UBADD!
Presenting to Sage Millennium customers at SCMUG today. All about community and what's next with
dear Justine. Please share the wealth. Kthanks.
I'm frantically trying to get things organized to get out of town. Still have about 1000 things to do.
RT : "Pussy doesn't bring rainbows and pots of gold." LOL...true<<<< I live by that shit lol
you did all that before 10am???? Lol
I just passed tweet no. 313.
Thank you to everyone who came out yesterday and all who had a hand in helping, it was quite a success & a fun time! #Thanks again
Can dogs eat shrimp?
I want to find a love, like an county music video.
happy birthday your still as hot and sexy as ever
Wheew! Tuesday night was awesome! thanks to everyone in and all others who sketched alongside us!
yeah ok watch where no head get you some short dick a maybe a cheap lick or two
April 16-20 is Tornado & Severe Weather Awareness Week in WI. Sirens will sound in River Falls at 1:45 and 6 p.m. on Thurs. April 19.
Damn right! Great times! Did either of you do more PBL after that?
mkay oh and i have a suprise for you on the last day of school hehe
i ask if there's anything else i can do and my boss says YES HERE IS A GIANT PROJECT i cry
I almost love oysters more than clogs.
here's a sample #edt6060 tweet
Guess who's goin to the #DrakeColeAndFrenchyConcert in june... THIS GUY #completely amped
Is so cute. I swear, I just want to pinch his cheeks! :P
is going to be a little bit silly, excited for
Obviously u never taught PE @ Bozeman lmbo!!! They wud play a whole period & the winner might have 6 points, "might"
playoff pacers baby !!!!!
If you view an entire thing it looks that it is always gorgeous.
Jeez, i love you more then i love myself.. thats a fucking lot.
agree!! We need to have a student, teacher, parent and employer roundtable!!
More reasons I love teaching at an art school: in 1 minute, I saw one young man in a seersucker suit and bowler, and another wearing a cape.
new phone.....frickin love
Research is no joke!
lolz yeah good thing...
IDK how you keep yr girlish figure RT Cupcake, 5 hour energy shot, mt dew, BBQ chips, and now little Caesars wings. Best day ever
We acquire the strength we have overcome. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
are you dating Alexis or is it just a rumor ??
Just curious Pacers fans, where are you watching the game today?? Pacers @ Orlando Game 4 ESPN 2pm
yes plz. hope CT is treating you right, M&M date next week?
Yeah this place is great
I remember when I was obsessed with the NFL draft...at age 12.
We need to get Girardi on Twitter...
Walgreens causes shopping addictions.
Severe Thunderstorm Warning in effect for west central Jefferson County and northern Jefferson/southern Dodge County until 1:45p.m.
Trying to gather best practices...what do you do to stay on task? Do you have tools you use?
yeah, but Lamar dosent have a job. So I wouldn't start the party yet.
Just saw my first celeb in the Kentucky Derby parade -- the guy who plays the perverted short order cook in "Two Broke Girls."
Last 6 weekends: SC, NC, IL, BC, NY, VA; next 3: LA, AZ, NJ. Tired.
Looking for a new publicist...
Lol! U don't drink kool-aid?
i love your photo, just wanted to let you know.
I looked at it yesterday. She ain't saying much.
So what is salad cream here?
whoever my customer service rep just was and just rebooked me, deserves high praise. Saved me from sleeping in DET airport.
That's great news! You are hot. I Love LA RT i'm back cali
Are ever coming to Seattle?
Thanks for following back! :)
Packers Gone Win 2Morrow.Its Problems Bitch
Congrats on the launch!
Lookin' for a girl I ran into a guy, His name is M.C.A., I said, "Howdy" he said, "Hi"
I hate getting my picture taken. -_-
Have to cut out of my office job for a bit so I can go to an audition where I pretend to be at an office job.
Photos l like on Instagram - gadgets, cars, food, my friends, scenic shots.
is heading to the gym.
Can you get FTSK, or EveryAvenue to folow me????!!:D
I am electrolyted
Chippy leaving Oregon looks a lot like Pete leaving USC before the sanctions struck. We will see...
Im sayin bro I had to get my bird game on I gotta see what the buzz is about lol
Why am I seeing the #bobcats name on my tl? Didn't those dudes win like 7 games??? Why are they being mentioned during playoff time???
Worst feelings : crying yourself to sleep, being ignored, discovering that the person you love loves someone else, not being loved back.
I sure hope is remembering to tweet from the account.... *evil boss side-eye*
Shame to waste a memorable effort by Kobe. But look at the bright side: Metta World Peace will be back to take on the
as I said, I'm not denying the complete bias in the way they've done it :-)
where are working next?
That's some deep shit
Integrated Secure Password Manager coming soon to Interlink for #CommitCRM - Quick, Secure, Simple!
Just got home!
Well its offical I'm officialy in default with SaliMae......oh yeah another 7 years of bad credit.....
More and more jealous by the minute of all the "I'm at beerfest" tweets...
Congrats to Ted Van Griethuysan, best supporting actor, resident play in Much Ado About Nothing with The Shakespeare Theate Co.
If a work is so good or so bad that you have no feedback to give on it, ask a question about its intent.
taking part in a video shoot at Berklee today with Asahi TV from Japan!
Today is national kiss day & Friday the 13th things are about to get stupid weird tonight! O snap!
will do! Love my Davisaur. :)
#dragrace Phi Phi O'Hara all the way!!! that crown belongs to her!!!!!!
That is a better sign than an editor saying, "I'm having a hard time editing this story without using profanity..." ;)
Washington was richest man in America in 1790s, but was Prez b4 WH was built so ur prob right. Let's hope he isnt in WH
Cloud lockers and streaming is key but the next big thing in music discovery and consumption is going to be social. Rdio is on to something.
GASP! now I'm wondering who is behind the AAFilm Twitter Account. i thought you are someone i know from the LAB....
Saw it at Sav More Beer and Pop, Browns Hill Road.
That's cool too, I just don't understand you.
Yes! RT like a flashmob, pancakes. Still there's art in it.
#BlackMamaQuotes: Boy If you don't sit yo black ass down somewhere. Hell you gon run my damn blood pressure up !
hey, I miss you too <3
Today is the first day of spring! I see a future full of fanfare and color-blocking!
Great! Thanks, we are now following the real UNM HSC!
We are about to put up our new music video for "We Were the Kids". Hope you guys are excited!!
Testing installer customizations - on a slow machine.
My dad finishing work now! Better pretend I'm studying lol! #imAGoodStudent! (;
Your mind is a powerful thing, do what you choose to
Agreed, and thanks!
There is nothing I enjoy more than the silent treatment after a homerun.
Grammy award winner, platinum selling artist Mr Cheeks... yeah that's the one :) Tonight at
I been up since 4am listening to music not feeling to good
Happy Birthday
just read about it.
I just found it lol
yeah. I'll be interested to see where he ends up, hopefully they figure it out this afternoon!
Congrats to the Philadelphia 76ers on their first round victory.
yes I think so too, I don't wanna see this shit!!
Have some good eats & treats!
get em girl!
God gave me you for the ups and downs..
Hahaa... judging from the colors you're 1/5 step into the season. Did you do your own nails?
Taking some pictures of my red before i have to take them off.
Injecting Poison Into Your Brain-Jeff Walker justsmellsogood.com Click here and learn www.justsmellsogoodnation.com
I know you will be! Been itchin to get out there! :)
Haha ctfu over here!! Look at her
Black beans are full of magnesium-which helps your muscles to function.
MT:: local important in digital age bc same content is everywhere. Value state, regional local resources.
Did you get the invite yet?
VSP say gunman at VT was NOT a student, will release identity after family notification
#BandsILove Phoenix & New Crystal Dolls
3 years since Relapse.
can i get a
Getting ready for work.
I'm so hungry. I'm eating like a stoner.
thank u friend
I'm loving this Leap Day 2012 weather in metro Milwaukee.....55 and sunny!
Two minutes left. Not missing much. Oregon is running away with the game. ORE 53-STA 30.
Thursday is always my favorite day as I get to break down 1/2 of a whole #pig from and then make
HOW BOUT THEM# BUFFALOES! #CUnit represent!!
yoo I'm back how's it goin?
Some Shocking Shit Man....
He sure does. Steal for someone today. RT : "Kirk Cousins has the traits to be an NFL starting quarterback." -
...are you wearing Wranglers at least? cc:
I'm sure the happiest day of my dad's life was when I learned Morrissey's Bona Drag by heart. At least they have good taste!
,You should give Rick Santorum a new nite you got Education off his time ,did U learn?
Hat Trick!
Look at it this way, now you are prepared for any wine party that comes along.
At Chick-fil-a getting lunch. "Do you know who I am? I drive a Volvo!" thought would get a laugh.
put down a monkey on Chelsea 2-1 tonight!
i love your background (:
Would they flip Lebron for Dwight? It seems too obvious, right?
hahaha more of a phrase, but yeah, you got the right idea! When did you learn Japanese???
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets! Thought others in Dallas would want to know about you.
you getting a bike?
Cod tacos for lunch! Yes PLEASE!
This traffic is crazy.
Victoria! haha i love the 'Freak the freak out' song (: when ever i see the commercial i start dancing and singing xD
Movie Monday. Coming right up.
Acting is the work of the imagination.
you know how we do ;) I love not remembering them!
It looks like good weather is coming our way this weekend. Have a great one everybody.
Sometimes being the bigger person means being a bigger target for whatever is coming down the road. Be the bigger person anyway.
It was definitely a PR stunt. #sharktank can cause you to blow up your sales especially if ecommerce.
Good afternoon all. Happy weekend!
Eric church w/ brantley gilbert and blackberry smoke may 5th, presale starts tom! woop
Colby, that looks great!
Working tomorrow which means no nap which means lots and lots of energy drinks for the midnight premiere of the avengers
: If you electrically shock a person's brain, their math skills can greatly improve for up to 6 months.
PLATE SALE FOR "ROB SIERRA" AND BIKE RALLY GOING ON AT BROADWAY BAR NOW , COME OUT AND SHOW SUPPORT
Up early, getting ready to head to J'ville for Herrington Family Christmas. Should be a fun day!
how much slack u catching from that uncle charles sausage commercial?!?
450 Pinnacle Pilots Could Be Furloughed
LOVE too MUCH, HOPE too MUCH, CARE too MUCH.......make you HURT too MUCH!
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. Sir Winston Churchill
A wealthy person is one who achieves a peaceful state of mind through his money. ~ Rabbi Nilton
im good
Q: if there is one strategy a librarian should follow, what wd it be?
Figuratively thinkin, she was shootin wit me at the gym...
"PABLO... Are you washing your ass?... Keeping yourself clean?, honey? Pablo?... Pablo?"
Lt. General Stanley A. McChrystal will be our salvation!
Perfect attitude! Now you're talking! luv that smile Babe. :)
Break Time ((:
Hm, publishing is getting more and more complicated.
I know I crack jokes (typically out of disbelief), but adult illiteracy is all too real.
Fun gig last night. Thanks to everyone who came out!
Hi Sarah :-) I logged back into tweetdeck and all your tweets showed up. Thank you so much for your help!
lol well give me a hint and I will let you know if you are warm or cold ;-)
Dont want to go to school....nachos
Thank u for your wonderful support! :)
We stopped at Adrenaline Bikes in LA and they had an amazing selection of high end frames and bikes. Just look at the wall of eye candy!...
sitting her bouncing my head 2 Jdawg the young hogg (^_^)/
- Tonight at #O'garas in St. Paul. 8:00 - The Adam Meckler Jazz Orchestra. See you there!
In the New Testament all Christians are referred to as saints. Are you a saint?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!!
that might be it but they have two good leftys so idk but the one throws hard
mission accomplished. woke up with unknown numbers in my phone
Thx to and for a fun and fabulous Fancy Nancy Adventure by the Book!
Saddened to hear about the passing of Charles Wells. He was a passionate advocate of the Dem Party and the working people of KY.
RT A dream is the seed of possibility planted in the soul of a human being, which calls calls him to pursue a unique... ...
I noticed you like All Time Low, you should check us out (The Dares) I think you would really enjoy our music =)
tire park!
Headed to NYC for a lovely get-a-way weekend!! Can't wait!
Not surprised to find that Android's logger has a wtf method.
Moto in the house with Harrison theatre doing space Mac and cheese
not sure if you are truly prepared for an LA hang w/ me.
Will Obama flip flop on gay marriage. I sure hope so. Just another American institution he despises and wants to destroy.
Interesting... RT : All u idiots talking about technicality open up for some crow too.
It is not easy to think of the right Valentines Day ideas for girlfriends
Spanish Is Faster Than English, But Mandarin Is Slow
The release even refers to it as "among the most beautiful and intense films of the 1980s." Seriously? Inna Gotta Da Vita and a chainsaw?
Jude and I discussed it and we will be cheering for the 49ers and Ravens this weekend.
Give us a quip on our funny pics
I agree & we do use #r for pilot experiments &c., but #mallet is easier to integrate into e.g. web viz apps.
My mind is blown. And I agree! RT Overheard today: "I think should come twice this week."
on the extra $1M, I'd do it for that Willis was always better in the NL than AL in has career, & fan base would apprec. the effort
yes he's amazing and what about there clothes omg!
gotcha. Good luck!
Why do I bother trying
Pot Belly's pizza sub is so good
The pollyanna in me doesn't want to, but the realist in me agrees...
working on further enhancements to the app. would really like to hear from our followers what they would like to have.
Because it has TOEs in it!
Going off the grid to finish a book chapter about computer networks. Ironic?
RT Don't fuck with me bitch I will come after you
Was just looking for that. Please share if you find it.
feel better love!
Standing tall for all the educated brothers with tattoos and an insatiable appetitie for knowledge.
impossible to say only one, serious horror, comedy horror or cult?
Really needs to work on the basketball game review but cuddling with my son is so much more relaxing!
GO TRINITY SHAMROCKS # 1 high school team in the nation!!! That's the way to bring pride to football in the Bluegrass
Our generations Edison. For sure.
OMG IM OBSESSED WITH THAT SONG!!!! <3
Also, very true! RT : And more importantly, they like
dude what if it was some elaborate plan to kidnap you and sell your organs on the black market!?
gosh darn sarcasm font. Never registers. Although you did defend artest after his elbow.
Thanks! (Will you be there this year?)
Sat sept 24.. My bday party going down inside the place call club 241..4637 white plains rd.,bx n.y. music by dj Frass Vybes and dj Coby. ..
Children living with single parents may be at higher risk of experiencing physical and sexual abuse and neglect that two parent families
Don't feed me scraps that's not cool-I want to go to doggie school!
Agree. Did u know Pages has special gestures akin to arrow keys? Would be a nice system-wide optional feature.
Minnesota GOP Chair Shortridge, re: landlord dispute - "We believe we're on track to settle this matter without further legal action"
: and others preserved plenty via quoteURL, blog, etc.
Walter Trout rules. Too bad he is not a household name in music. Shows how far we have regressed. He is a guitar and blues beast.
When making a info aggro site/app don't have my profile on the homepage taking up 1/4 of the screen!
lmfaooooo for a second i thought this was jonghyun....then i saw it was you lmao
Thank you! Xoxo
Where is Bluesfest? I would love to see The Hold Steady!
Saying that Seacrest is the new Dick Clark, is like calling Bieber the new Sinatra.
Shocker Boise State actually plays a team with talent and loses....again. And some people think they would make it is a BCS conference????
Yo Valpo! Country Music night is coming to your town this Saturday at THE WAREHOUSE! Come git yer country on!!
I really need to finish reading my book cz I gt another long day ahead of me 2mrw....
Watch the segment about #africanorigins on CNN International's Inside Africa program this weekend!
Seriously, three picks from Illinois in top 44 picks? Ron Zook squandered a lot of talent in Champaign, didn't he?
Tomorrow im gonna start my new job i hope everithing goes well:)
This is the problem with the we have crazy people and geriatrics playing for us
: So true! I read the first ten pages last night and was hooked. I couldn't put it down!
It's ok. Today I was turned on by the Washington Monument.
Thanks to PT Lovern for entering your award winning beer with fresh hops from Simple Earth Hops in the recipe.
$2.50 Tuesday! 1/4lb Beef, and Polish Beef today. Also Roasted Red Pepper, Jalapeno, Vegan Sausage. Strawberry chocolate Brownie
I watch the magic school bus every night...
RT : Shout out to one of the REALEST DJS IN THE GA #SALUTE We riding wit cha
Reminds me of a friend complaining about an unrealistic rifle in Muppets Treasure Island. I answered...
Is ,My Dream Destination " <3
thats terrible. now i'm trying to figure out if you ever messed up my name in the past..... lets hope not. hah
GM TWEEPS "Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back'. ~Arthur Rubinstein~
''sometimes when i'm alone I just like to cuddle'' -Fezz
Start your weekend with us! Join us for Happy Hour tonight from 4-7 in the bar!!!
I am so sry. About your loss I am praying for you guys
Hi... My name is warren. I can't believe I forgot that in my speech:(
FOLLOW US. it's our 11:11 wish <333
what is it?
trade boozer he is a waste
sucks at this being a girlfriend thing. ugh
We're at a major apartment complex fire at Stewart and 75th street now. It has been burning for a while.
I did take a peak too. But I'm still watching (however I will turn when the Bieb comes on).
Whaddaya know? The cleanup hitter cleaned up.
I go home may 7th then leave for Vegas on the 9th then come back to Japan on The 13th
GM all
I'm kanye west lady.
I have been! From lovelies like yourself.
I can not fucking wait for Hemmingway & Gellhorn Romance rules
Any new u/w photography techniques showcased, by chance? Saw how to photog w/florescence filters at DEMA2011 - want to try it!
Appreciate the follow!
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 12
are you alright darling?!?! im here for you if you need me :)
You always know the right things to say... <3
Please follow us on twitter
So far, his first two "resolutions" haven't worked.
My life<3 Well not exactly but converse are very awesome xD
Softball game tomorrow not prepared :/
I just started watching first season and trying to catch up quickly. Think I'll call in sick today...
awe why? Are you leaving for washington?
''babble babble, bitch bitch, rebel rebel, party party, sex sex sex and don't forget the violence'' -Marilyn Manson
I'm fucking bipolar i swear
WHAT?! No BOOTS? Haaaaaaaaaah!
Happy Sabbath, Tweeps!
u kno u hav ginourmous hips when the width of ur shoulder is smaller than tht of ur hips& ur waist is literally half the size of yo hips lol
I deleted my fb page.
follow back :) ?
The path of spiritual evolution extends from this world into the Real World, from which everything came & to which it will all return ~Okawa
I know didn't notice me Coz he didn't see my tweets yet :) #BELIEVE .
Just nosy! :)
I'm really up acting like nothin happened last night....lol
It's unfollow time... Caution ladies!!! If your weave can tie your sneaker, prepare to be unfollowed.
yeah, that is a tasty choice as well!
- irrespective of theories and explanations you can come up with, true believers, like it or not will say its the work of God
oh, okay. cool. glad 2 hear. haven't been 2 KW yet. need 2 check it out.
RT i don't want to lose you... <\3
ur welcome :) yay u love me!
This is what a hurricane looks like!
I'll be staying away from the beer, but I can most definitely cheer a little louder for ya!
Had fun at the community fair. c: I met a lot of middle school kids. They were nice. (:
I think it takes being in NY to realize LA doesn't even have anywhere near the number of restaurants. Oh and they all deliver.
yep, we both leo's. lol
A1 - Fans love behind the scenes access - show following up on players during off-season would be keep fans connected and generate $
Every time I see someone eating (and cutting) pasta with a fork and knife I want to yell at them for doing it wrong
Happy New Year everyone!
57% of the top 10,000 websites use Google Analytics to track users.
you haven't texed back -_-
yay! And just in time to get used in my fitc talk next week. I think he deserves it :)
Banks in Nigeria are responsible for paying back for the cleanup. People have to be held responsible for mismanaging institutions.
haha cause I saw his status and he was like I have haters blah blah blah
is a sponsor of tonight's event feat. comp. Magic Hat @ Wandos from 6-8pm. Follow them to know what's going on in
if you ain't talking bout graduating , getting a job , college or a career then get tf outta my face .
You know it's an oversight if a Michigan fan like me thinks it's wrong that Draymond Green didn't make One Shining Moment.
try Google Hangouts
Good advice: "You're not just here to code but to think about what you're coding." -
If you must resort to frozen pizza, light candles and use the sterling silver.
"Fly niggas do fly things!!"---my cousin wants to quote that at his valedictorian speech. Is that cool?
Yeah i missed it. I think it will be ok.
I'm headed to El Paso for my birthday in March - Fellini's Film Cafe ahoy! Wish I could catch the film.
Love it! Suerte hermano! We will promote.
Oh, I didn't take a photo, it looked ultra hometown.
Love Love LOVE it! #greeandgoldfriday now.... #GreenandgoldEveryday before you know it!
pace definitely slogs around then, but I don't think it ruins it. I had a good time with the movie.
that was the scariest moment I have had with driving ad you were knocked out hahaha
Let us know if it bounced again. Thanks!
silly rule.... I called back!
RT : Attending conference for the first time? Make sure to go to the First Time Attendees meeting from 2-4:30 on 4/22
Storm troopers sure are gullible.
yeah, I think its an hollow threat. The wrost maybe fighting? thats it. Either way I pray she's safe aswell
busy night ahead lol
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
Can't wait! RT I can't wait to get my on later this week!!!!! Happy Easter/Passover bunny wonders!!!
I keep waiting for the NCAA to announce that last night's performance by the Anthony Davis Five was just an April's Fool Stunt, but....
Guy obviously did an outstanding job. Who's idea it was to put him on a plane for several hours just to go see a consultant?
Congrats Hilary Duff on delivering your first Even Stevens, looks like your OB/GYN has #ComeOutToPlay today
Part 2, #FF Thanks to all who shared their story on twitter last wk:
It still hasn't hit me that I played my last game at reef
hi, i saw your lime-a-rita tweet last week, where did you by it? can't find it anywhere!
the cbj fan on your bio sealed the deal!
alright ... when you get back ?
MLB season. Must... resist... U-verse upgrade...Ah!!!!
How many Jalisco burrito's can you eat?
There's no actual Socialist Party (viable, that is) in American politics, so it's kind of useless 2compare.
:Your Welcome!
Back to Madison, Back to work. Spring Break goes by way too fast!
Coming on the residential side is faux stone and tile looks!!!
Glad to be of service!
Caller Arlene in #CA52 says she's "never been more proud to be a Democrat as she is today" and that "we need in Congress!"
So glad to see this written up. We loved it!
out for his second leg in 3 hours....the pains of running #bourbonchase with 10 people.
hopefully this will b my last link ques. Can u piggy back links from sheet 2 sheet or should they all b linked directly 2 source?
You guys got any room for a old timer?
Also - Pacers fun run tomorrow at 7. If it isn't too rainy, I'll be there.
You know what I havn't said in a while?Cockblocker. Okay, I feel better now 8^)
:-D that was sweet! Thanks Ashlie
Whoever likes us gets automatically is entered for the chance to win some prizes. Every bit of support helps.
11 a.m.? What happened at this time?
this is maiden voyage of tweets as we start our podcast that takes place live in a cab
Jeff, can you comment on why HBO GO is not available on the Xbox 360 for Time Warner Cable customers?
Really pleased your driver's ed kicked in. :)
For a limited time only you can download my motivational CD, "Passion 101" from www.Cdbaby.com/rshamar2 for less than $4 or buy it for $7
Highlight of the nite RT : Since the safety the best part of this game was the Hulk punching that plane or whatever out of the air.
Robert gotcher playing live now.... Awesome:)
heading to bed the twitter app hates my phone and my iPad..
The joyous occasion of late night cookies, with the punishment of crumbs in bed.
That's a good feeling!!!
are you in Vegas?
Destery... Just because your mom tells you " i love you" doesnt mean she your girlfriend... Naaa jk its about time;3
Only 1/22 students in my course was assigned an ebook textbook for another course
Easy for you to say. At least you have a left nipple. Lost mine at age 15 in a skateboard/chain link fence accident.
you say mad, I say has her game face on
Today is just so long and frustrating...and it's not over yet :/
Oh fuuuuuck no.. Stalker alert!
Good luck!
didnt we already ban gay marriage like 5 years ago?
Almost finals season! Academic excellence today leads to a GOLDEN future tomorrow.
Omg I know --> RT : Is it 5 o'clock yet? Please?
I totally agree! And who knew we'd discover what a 'Poinsetta' is also! :-)
Little House on the Prarie
Guarantee I'll get you in trouble.
how loud is it right now at the arena?
lol make me!
Haha! I was hoping you seen that! RT : Fuck For RT'ing the dumbassity of
its put the cereal box in the fridge kind of morning isn't it?
your life looks beautiful and yummy
-Bad Girl Club Is Really Crazy,,,,
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -- Aristotle
i want to upload a picture of my sisters christmas gift but i dont want #oomf to tell her what it is :)
RT : Latest update from the crews. Full restoration could take until 6 p.m., esp for about 400 customers w/out power in...
Suddenly he was shocked backto himself
we're pumped to see it perform.
we should do a radio interview sometime!!
There is a new voice on the phone at Anode and FireSign. Please join us in welcoming Shelley as our new Office Manager.
She's layin' down in bed with a broken heart...
thank you ! & thanks for following!
Bieber or die , really?
we are honored you are commemorating the #kodakmoment !! thank you!
Welcome to twitter, !! <3 you, scream queen!
Not to be a gossip but... Shouldn't change her handle?
i love this picture.! Exactly how i would feel meeting you.!
is a weirdo!
I'm in chicago
Ah. Okay. Sounds good :D
not sure I follow
Will someone close to please take his twitter away? I agree w him on many issues but whoa, seriously unprofessional.
Almost there.
Opening at AOT Gallery last night was PACKED... thank you in #PortTownsend, WA!
thanks for the birthday tweet!
RT : Congratulations to Jered Weaver on no-hitter. And Chris Iannetta for calling it
Peace and blessings!
l'enfant plaza station,dc. ambos and helicopters. hope everyone is ok!
the part where they're not having sex.
" I don't have EX's. I have Y's- Like... "Y the fuck did I date you?"" << goodshit YES!
One team, One Bullshit Team
Have your capper show pictures of a R8 or Gold they can't they are scams they do not bet on the games....
Back in the day when I used to spend HOURS fixing my MySpace page, looking for the perfect song to fit my mood, & updating my profile pic
102 more 'likes' and we will release some music that you can download fo free! Please help spread the word!
are you done with youtube?
Phone screen spider webbed. This bites. Gonna test me insurance. :/
Looks like all the power/lighting issues at is fixed. Yay for no dark hallways!
what dat be like??
I used my Carvin BX250 micro bass head last nite with my Hartke 2100PRO(2X10) cab with excellent results!.good volume and BIG sound..I like!
Shout outs to and -- awesome Reno folks using !
I remember #whenitwascoolto post comments on MySpace
We can do more than these rappers put here Lol
To all the hipsters and righties who think all this #kony stuff is propaganda... well yeah. THAT'S the point. Same method new message.
I'm serious.
"Time sets the stage; fate writes the script; but only we may choose our character." - Liam Thomas Ryder
brought 2 beautiful people into the world and
You made my day (you know the cops were secretly hoping for ANY reason to bring Batman back to station)
paramore and muse are my favorite bands ever!!
how about milwaukee please. i hate waiting years to see people.
While they may start out doing it for the candy, they soon become captivated with the idea of
I love how all activity is about the Pens
thank you for the encouragment.
everybody follow my lil bro plzz he really needs followers he is loosing his mind lol
Finishing paperwork. Getting ready for the weekend!!
Hes doing that shady thing where he tries to exclude someone Im the target this time
that was a sad one. a noun...trying to modify another noun..."signifying nothing"
If I'm having a good enough jam out session in the car, I will, without shame, ignore my ringing cell phone.
how does myspace have my new email? and how do they thank me for joining when i didnt...hm who has my info?
I am back home in raining Cali!!
awesome meeting you too. Sorry this response is so tardy, but heartfelt! :-)
Birdie for the win. Gotta love seein the
The Ed I want is only two pages and it is still "preparing image"
Awesome! Thx RT Hey , thanks to the community at our soft launch, you're getting another computer!
You're in a joke vortex! It's working back through time! He's be spewing vaudeville gags before the flight is over.
Make 'em buy it.
yeah, not bad tho! I was just saying whats on my mind that's all
My brother is going to be 20 years old next month and he still watches anime.
Random: Neighbor & I have this "healthy" Halloween competition every year. We are already talking about potential additions for this fall.
you should tweet me more often. :)
I'm on bainbridge island eating at the 122. It's amazing!
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms! And I challenge Gutierrez to a gopher grillin' contest! Then we'll really see who's fit to be Mayor! Floppy 2011!
this storm that's about to hit >
Finally Opening day for MLB... its a bit cold and wet here in the northeast but Yanks played and won. RedSox play in Texas tomorrow
Hate is only a sign of weakness, but showing love is powerful.. even towards your enemies!
woo hoo!!! Thanks Kari :) u see that new vid of me and
looks the battle drums are rumbling for the Sounds of Detroit to be heard.....
lmaoo I'm not going in there! I'll have my daddy check it out when he comes home from work lol
Hey don't get 2 comfortable on that chair, I am on the way back, the first think ill repeal your repeal of
LOL YEA U CN GO! ONLY IF YOU KEEP YA WORD LOL
hey sis, just want you to know that you are amazing!! keep fighting the fight-it's worth it
so yesterday I turned on Netflix and saw there were two Louis CK specials. Watched them back to back.
Shastic is the place to showcase your #accomplishments as a performer! Shastic is the place to be! Try it out! www.shastic.com
haha it's called assistive touch. U can turn it on in ur settings >.<
RT : Watch now. on family planning.
I stayed up till 2 am talking to you, helping you through your hard times and what do you do in return? Break my heart. Cool.
Vita has another NEW look. Check out the #physicaltherapy team AND the #personaltraining team at www.vitaphysicaltherapy.com
I HATE HER! SHE MAKES A BAD NAME FOR LIBERALS!
I hate homework so much its not even funny it's like we do work all FUCKING day! Then we get to go home and fucking do hours of shit!imdone
First day of Engage Today over... standout speakers were Steven Covey and Sean Stephenson. Now for a Bryan Adams concert... got floor seats!
#FF Runs the Best Fan Page Around
I seriously can't get a minute to myself!!! Ugh!!! Everything& everybody wants to visit and talk when I want to be alone!
#ItemsSoldAtAHoodAuction food stamps.
entering cuba new mexico
missed out meeting KR but hope the guy is enjoying the visit
Java Pete's was great tonight! Check out the Wolf Pack Tour At the Talent Farm in Pembroke Pines tomorrow. Who's coming?
The somewhere that it is five-o-clock is HERE! :-)
HAHAHAHA i'm dying. That was priceless
So #Train has basically turned into Hostel on, well.... a train. I hope there is a twist or I'll be severely disappointed.
yo blazed ass
I guess it was Danks that sucked not that the #Tigers hitting was good ....glad we got that cleared up!
Great start for the Pacers. Not intimidated one bit.
11 chapters in.. Time to go look at a possible house to rent :)
Hi Arjun Tx 4 flwng All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
not in front of a TV, tell me that Zuckerberg is not wearing a GAP pull over.
OK the high rise thingy on Alvar... Am I crazy or is there a crane from the truck yard below suspiciously close to a hole in the railing?
you can but might be busy at bix office. Also if you go to ticketmaster and enter code Power88 u can get 25% off
I hit you yesterday because you made me cry
Silk Pure Almond Dark Chocolate is so good! Reminds me of Yoohoo! But healthy.
which model? Does it have the solar roof??
do you have a new url?
hard work, and more hard work. Only the strong survive in this town:).
- first made me aware of that quote. She is my library hero.
I don't know how HN works but I liked the post you made about broad level skills companies need to get value out of their data.
you're quickly becoming a cat lady.
Im right here. :)
CraftMaster molded interior doors are made from engineered wood to provide beauty & low maintenance at a superior value:...
beers > lap dance??
ya but they are $10 more
Pls RT my tweet re "Rec'n'Roll" to all your followers to support the Chislehurst Festival which kicks off with music event this Sun! Thanx
I'm great, just tired for some reason today, gotta work on that LoL. Where are you from?
Soo many morons on the road today man fugg!
thats real as hell!
Have You Seen Any Of His Videos?
A guy just said I seem "kind of accident prone." I have to stop telling the iPhone and wine glass story all in the same night.
I can b a attention whore at times
Hi Mo, Thanks for sharing information on my book! If you are interested in reading it, please message me your mailing address. - MAP
That will become close to universal soon enough, so good to have applicable practices in place now.
I'm officially in love with Wunderlist!
it hurt so bad!
Best stand up in years (or ever) last night at Laugh Factory w/ surprise treat apperances by Dane Cook & gaggles of other TV/film actors
I received an email, and saw it on my page this morning. Even if you gave $.50 I would still be happy you thought about donating.
Yeah it's fairly straightforward. If you want something even more simple then you can try tumblr like
what's your band called?
wow what a half for the Bobcats.hope they can keep it going in the 2nd.
RT I had 3yrs of talking to myself. Half-hour to shop and back was all.
A beautiful woman will look gorgeous in the plainest of outfits.
Yes, please!
lol nigga you a trip though
what cha up to x
I have never dealt with 2 companies with such poor customer service as &
so over the whole wall street vs. main street rhetoric. aren't there any creative journalists who can come up with something better?
YES!! That would be great!!
I love Lauren and everything but dang calm down
Good job!
Haha. I know, it is. Yes, well...it's sort of a good thing. He was cute, but not a good person at all (Not you at all).
right back at ya cuz i so know ur talking to me;))
Notre Dame grad tried to correct my English today. Not having it. Those days are over.
I hate that. I had someone check in at my house once... um... No! RT : Someones the mayor of my work on 4SQ they dont even...
Too bad horses can't grow moustaches!
My Natitude is not good. Better get a win before the Braves do!
GO BULLS
haaha!!!! Just reply that way anyway.
Happy new year & be safe!!! party time
#NCORE2012 is just around the corner! You'll notice our new logo and will soon be seeing some updates to the website.
": #WeStoppedTalkingBecause hearing your voice started to become more painful than the cruciatus curse."
Just made executive decision .! I'm going to sxsw ! Why not ove got a flight...just need a room ..rsvpd for 50 parties..
That's the one thing I don't know anything about, producing a track. Or finding a track to use without legal shit
First it was Steve Jobs, now it's Carol Shelby !? Why god, why !?!
Thanks for the follow. Happy to connect with you.
I'm so excited!!! :D I hope I'm one of the first 400!!!!
Awaiting depature from gate D6, CLT2BOS, then will await deplaning, then will await the cab, and upon home will not have to await a hug.
Ha! Shows what I know. I played jazz guitar for decades and switched to Stick. I am having the most fun I've had with music.
do not retweet Katy Perry
Love is amazing...well at least the show is.
you bout that ignorant music
Thanks for the #ff - missing #DucksNation and
hope you guys had fun being back home, nasri & clichy.
just keep trying! don't give up.
FAT FAT YOU'RE FAT
Music is the poetry of the air.
let's go hawks
phone got taken away:/
FOLLOW BACK
Santorum Oozes Out. Of the race.
Order is Restored on &#39;Dancing with the (Injured) Stars&#39;
yea you right..
The worst part about having a driver's license and a car is when your parents guilt you into running errands for them.
National coffee day? Hm. Oh well how bout some fresh German Choc #cake or Birthday cake and coffee.
Working on understanding and how we assess what each of us as individuals is good at so we can cross-train. Any ideas to share?
dm What do you believe is the best way to get new online customers?
OH WELL. I wanted Nat but you didn't let me so it's me & Alex woohoo
I mean I'm a good ass woman. Smh, i catch feelings way to fast.
makes me go "fuck, this dude is to good, ill never make it" but at the same time say "this fool gives me straight motivation"
It is going to be a big caffeinated green tea kind of morning.
thank you for naming us 1 of the best beer bars in your latest issue!
alone with my bong>
It's so difficult, but it's so worth it. You should give it a shot!
say hello to Charlie for me papa awesome vocalist. and have fun.
I am not an apologist for the Fed, but at the end of the day Bernanke is doing the only thing that he can do, which is buying time -Economos
If I wasn't raised right. I would just say what's on my mind, then your feelings would really be hurt.
RT : Im with Kelly. I think you also need to account for views. Not everyone will participate.
I'm not going to the party. Have a B+B getaway planned with my sweetie <3
U have a sexy bod!
Are you doing your own PR? What is it that you do?
Stoked for Wu Tang tickets in hand...
It has even been said that both of those guys have stolen some of 's material. That's how funny he is ;)
sour much?
Can't wait! RT Location of Feb '12 Hair Show is Georgia World Congress Center 285 Andrew Young International Blvd NW ATL 30313
I have two hours between classes mon/wed/fri and I still somehow manage to be late to my second one.
Damn straight! Enjoy this one, Dawgs! CHAMPS BABY!!!!! Who cares how we got it. I don't.
In search of peace w/ my creator, nothing else equals in value.
GORGEOUS! I love the dramatic composition and dramatic clouds. Thanks for sharing!!
#NewEnglandPatriots ...trade 1 of the first rounders for #MJD and bring one of the best #RBs in the league to a contender
#BWI Charter #Flights to #Cuba postponed until Fall.
My last tweet to #lakerfans.2more games and ya'll won't see my tweets again,bout to go eat this thunder Celebration cake. lol want some?
Last week:Little Brown Jug, this week:Kentucky Futurity. I love rubbing elbows with the best in racing! Catch our coverage this weekend..
#ImAStanBecause unlike most other people his new stuff is just as good if not better than his old stuff
one day im gonna b rich..i jus kno it ;)
It got hacked?!
soap vs .... restful
going to Austins twitter and seeing he dosnt follow you is one of the most depressing things.
#shoutout its all about basketball....
It's almost Friday yeah
Good luck, mate!
#TheMostCommonLies I'm sterile, I cant have kids
The whole show was spectacular, I thought, particularly Set II. Arrangements were ingenious and unexpectedly Jimmy Webb-ish.
I seriously wouldn't stop kissing you for like an hour. Fuck breathing.
Who trying to go workout with me?im Serious
Spread the word folks! Groupon is featuring a great deal for us til Wednesday! Spread the z's
thanks for the warning. RT
we can link up this weekend!
Tomorrow's Friday. Where'd the Week go?
I'm a Muslim, not a 'terrorist'. Bitch, you say it one more time, & my hand will terrorize your face. k? k.
"If you want to go fast, work alone. If you want to go far, work together." #success #entrepreneurship (RT if you agree)
just watch 2gether the movie.. i haven't seen it in years :)
people are smashing watermelons today.... Why?
AHAHA Total Blackout is so funny
I know! We will talk about it. Would be fun.
well that's good but I meant like if you needed to talk kinda thing...
"Whats a Username?" "My browser is a Dell" "Do i Right Click or Left Click?" RT : Bahaha so they are askin all the
Is rehearsing tonight. Are you coming to The Dinner Party this Thursday as we are on the menu! 8pm Atlas Theater Lab 2 1333 H st.
Takes 3 weeks for results.
Speeches and debates start today in T. Cole auditorium for class queens and officers! Come out and support at 6 pm!
Can you even handle that? It's like someone read our minds....
Just watched that movie the other day. Back to back. Amazing prints.
I live in the web, but in my role at school I use all kinds of other software. Could I or my colleagues live out of a Chromebook?
If you have a relationship with God, everything else will work itself out
OMG! Totally forgot about D & D...just made my day better. Chocolate munchkins...m.
we came damn close!
It's not enough to just simply believe in yourself. You also have to be right.
hi guys
good points! I have a feeling that cena will win since he's the face of WWE. Rock comes and goes
Wait, Norman Borlaug died in 2009? Where was I? Probably chowing down on some bread made from dwarf wheat or something
Thanks for the Mother's day wishes!
so the just stop in New Hampshire? No wonder NH motto is "Live Free or Die"makes sense
O Frabjous day! Found the first bottle of Fluffy White Rabbits of the spring!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net where do people feel like this is so much of a revenge game when Kyle orton asked to leave
What did you have for dinner?? Hope it was great...
AJ McLean And His New Wife Are Having A Baby Some celebrities have their publicists dispense baby news and others use an interview to sur
As a newcomer to Facebook Fan Pages, I find it a little frustrating, anyone else? But women are powerful and I too will endure.
#media99 Jesse Thorn kept his radio show after college, went to podcasting, then to public radio syndication & public comedy podcasting.
#CBSBigBrother They did better tonight than they did After Dark. Congrats #Jordan!!
I know I have to give up my ratchet ways....but I love twerking
nice video! Had my first Lagrein a few weeks ago. It was very nice - I found flavors & body similar to Mencia from Bierzo.
Also, there is so many Peter Pan references in the entire album of Mylo Xyloto.
all my most amazing promo shots are done by incredible photographer and all around doll ;)
Still in the race;)
going good man, what about you?!
IRS Authorized Tax Payment Service. Low 1.95% convenience fee. www.payUSAtax.com.
Oops, I did it again... at the gym
More like he jumped the broom,
Sad that Brandi Shearer will not be playing in NYC city this month, hope I make it through August NYC heat without...
If you want #informative tweets, you should follow me RT Love your tweets, very informative. Go Bruins!
I spent 1 hour lifting weights. 542 calories burned.
Q2 #libchat definitely mention the options in special libraries ... such as medical, law, art, etc.
Justin Bieber Dumped by Selena Gomez - Not Again? - Gather Celebs News Channel
#ecoaccents loves It's Sew Wright!
yes yes why don't we?
I love LOVE and I'm thrilled with what he said at #ComedyAwards. should have at LEAST been nominated.
Current #stccac Outreach Team/Communities list posted in the All Community Leaders group in MySTC. Meet us at #stc12!
New Day- Kanye&Jay-Z >>
I wanna be when I grow up
Nightmare On Elm Street II is on! Been forever since I've seen this one.
When i tell you that I care about you, its only because I am to scared to say i love you.
Looking forward to your tweets. I've been reading your blog via Dr.
Who still has a blackberry and I don't have ur pin?!
In advance of #Badgers game, Vanderbilt's John Jenkins has hit more 3-pointers (132) than any other player in country. Next highest is 116.
"Big hat, no cattle."
Looking forward to #nea tweets this weekend!
Tomorrow we're committing random acts of kindness with on
As If I'm going to sleep anytime soon.. I have way too much energy right now..
Yes Ma'am
i think it's the same price. $250 and $350
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around every once in while, you could miss it"
he fine tho!
GOOD MORNING MY TWEET FAM
At the dshow - this swanky place is full of chic creatives. is nominated!
anything on the sked for ATL?
it's ok Colin. The rest of Arizona isnt very cool so maybe that's what u were thinking! Haha
u bet!
": The difference between rich people and poor people is rich people make rich decisions and poor people make poor decisions"
I never meant to be so cold.
Cannibalism movies
has a makeup blog specifically geared towards dance makeup! How cool is that!?
There is not a particle of life which does not bear poetry within it ~ Gustave Flaubert
No stencil Shawdy
while others might consider it an accomplishment...
she does have a beautiful voice lol
I REALLY WANNA MOVE OUT
Come check us out when you hit town cc:
Note to self: When going to another library to lead a workshop remember your laptop.
Upshaw, Hill, Glenn. And maybe Konz.
So I'm back on social media after lent. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. God is good!
With the weather telling us Spring is right around the corner, what activities do you have planned for the next few weeks?
what does one wear when jumping out of a plane? ..anyone have a track suit I can borrow?
my birth certificate says Mc Loving not Jeremy
ian even get accepted i got tired of takin that act
be strong you are in this situation because you are strong enough for the situation
15 year old kings are always assholes. I'd just ask for unlimited ice cream
Brett likes to put his hands on the steering wheel likes he having tea with the queen lol
Working for the weekend
I wanna slap my moms boyfriend in the face sometimes. That douchebag is not my dad, he cant tell me what to do.
I still havent watched that damn movie.. i'll try now.
Getting started with Health Law 2.0 at #health2con. Ft notes that startups don't always understand the rules/regs.
your just THAT amazing i guess(:
remember when trey tossed his breakfast at me after I farted in his face
DONT FORGET APRIL 3RD WILL BE PRESENTING THAT #TATTOOMUSIC AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE ... GET YOUR TICKETS FROM
yeah I still got it, you got mine? You better roll up to bscc this summer a lot, we such a great staff working there.. haha
lol, what subject was it?
Going back to canvassing with my team. Its breaking my heart talking to some people tonight
got earplugs? :)
This CANNOT be happening right now...
Yeah. I've put a lot of time and a ton of money into this friendship. Haha :P
Ops! that might have been a mistake.
You forgot to mention how well I did it. RT I just saw do the Carlton Banks dance. No lie.
Ready to have dinner with my best biotches! I've missed them!!
I sense a late night comin' on
I heard you made it to the 2nd round. Congratulations bro. I thought about trying out myself. I know you will do fine.
Have fond memories of listening to DFD/GM on vinyl on a scratchy turntable in lieder class.
no shes not
I don't have any poles to set up my tent!
Old people think they can say anything lol.
RT : your fart sounded like a #moo :P
All day smoke sum weed
Cause he wasn't peeling very well
I stand corrected. :)
the what? Cruise? Are you going?
Currently going through Crucial pain !! Lord protect & help me get through this ..
On the scene of a confirmed homicide in #Murrieta. One female dead, two males wounded. Police hunting with helicopter and dogs for suspect.
yo tweets speak the mind
played for Erie Bayhawks and Reno Bighorns in
CBEADLES FACT: Christian had a fetish for shoes:O he has over 100 pairs of shoes
I WANT WINS!
Oh how I'll need a Bud after this day. I'm starting to think Budweiser is to life like Gatorade is to a workout
Do u need a resume for your interview? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
listen to your son he knows what he is talking about.. Smart young man...
I am so jealous. The Mr's library is closed on Sundays during the summer.
#bird wisom ;v budgies are not to be envied. they are prisoners of the humans
But you perfect for me RT Nobody's perfect
I always had a suspicion...today it was confirmed
Remember when playing Solitaire on your computer at work was Taboo? Boy, have we come a long way.
Red Fire Farm Organic Eggs Suspiro Limeno con La Nutella a perfect Peruvian Italian bit of indulgence!
Dear Chicago: You couldn't be more gorgeous if you tried today.
Landscaping today...this is the exact opposite of how I wanted to spend my tuesday...
follow our designer
Thx to I have a 9yr-ol and a 6yr-old programming in Ruby. I am so proud!!!
I would think it'd be hard to get critical mass of ppl to help flesh out page, but what were other difficulties?
Is back at the hospital with Gram...woo. Dear migraine, go away.
You are amazing just the way you are. Don't change because of pressure. Always do what YOU feel is right.
Paris Hilton is prob one of the ugliest girls in hollywood. Wtf is wrong with your eye?? #ratchetbitch Idc how rich you are, you are busted
Cooking up a delicious dinner for Joanne for our 1 year anniversary!
A week of was refreshing. He's genuinely entertaining! It also doesn't hurt that he's one of the nicest guys around.
do tell
Hahaha. Embarrassing. Didn't realize it was that simple. The only place I know of is Apple. Wish all places would do this.
ALZM Allezoe Medical Holdings (ALZM) Completes Exclusive Licensing Deal for HPV Diagnostic Technology
MITs Woodie Flowers: "Gracious Professionalism" is one of the fundamentals taught to kids at FIRST robotics comp.
& for the record I completely disagree. I'll give you cursive. It's a waste of classroom time.
Hanging out with the guys tonight. Getting ready to play Soma tomorrow night in SD and the Victorville event center sunday night!!!
I'm not even 18 and apparently I'm an Adult!! Hehe x
They have "top tweets" selected rather than all tweets.
Daniel Franklin at #ideaseconomy: I am routinely optimistic about the US economy and it's ability to reinvent itself.
Keep the faith brother...keep the faith.
Landmark #sandiego bay cleanup on brink of approval.
Hey, dude sitting in your car outside my house. Turn down the bass a bit.
And where is Waldo? I mean Bill ? continent jumping rocks.
one other note...a friend of mine went to the same high school you did..she graduated by the time you went there though..
Gone to the moon
And people wonder why.......erky
I doubt you'll forget next time :-) how's your season going?
Its way colder whan i thought it was......
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking. George S. Patton
Are there any K-pop fans in or around the Birmingham area that would be interested in joining a council run Korean society/club??.
I respect gospel singers. But Mary Mary are some fine ass women
When is your next show?
Holy crap!!!! I just got THE CARTER IV !!!!!! I am crying that's how happy && excited I am :D
I can't believe I'm awake at 8am and can't fall back asleep. I think I may have insomnia
dudududude guess what zack ryder and eve are back together
My 20,000th tweet was about being a flagget. Am I cool yet?
RT : Hi , I just found you & will request a beta. Here's how I'm building my #SelfPublishing team:...
No problem feel free to follow me for expat related news and tips
ezra jack keats exhib at
Interesting: Conundrums in the Collections #nwaohc12. I once found yellowcake, but never had someone show up with a grenade in his pocket.
Doing my job with both hands tied is getting rather impossible.
1 Timothy 2:12.. Awesome! There it is right in the context!
I'd say ari..
he is such a tool
Aw! Happy Mother's Day Hot Mama!
We would rather die on our feet than live on our knees.
I'm so proud to be a Angel. I'm so proud to support and love a boy from Gold Coast Australia. Hater's opinions about Cody are not important.
Ready to get back into the gym!
Youre unique.. thats a good thing.
Lmfao.. The video they made of justice rose dancing is 2 funny I was #DEAD :D
Good thing you work in an industry that doesn't rely on you talking.....oh crap.
Great morning lifting session. Guys got after it. We even threw in a twist for conditioning which brought out a lot of competive spirits.
Merry Christmas to all from Extreme Moms Headquarters! Get out there and give
I love the video! It's really good, and u look VERY hot!
Finally startin this night off right!
Bad karma is my best friend.. She'll hit when you least expect it..
thanks for the follow miss lady!
You raise a good point! RT Not at the end though. Home of the Brave is clear.
Done! RT Better to get twitter feed...RT Was mostly watching #ESPN #Yankees-#RedSox & [disliking] Hershiser
Practicing in McLean VA today. Thinking of the many #veterans who have helped secure this great land
At Douglas Park speed ladder and cones. Couple of laps...defensive tackle with agility???Uh oh.....
RT looking for a few live painters for 4/1! Help lead 1st Friday goers to our new location! Message us if you're interested!
will you be organizing a running/jogging group at DHSI? ;)
I'm so tired of mediocre movies being hyped for like two years before they come out.
f yeah! Let's do this.
What Memorial magic???? Go Cats!!!
I'm heading to my next stop shortly. We'll plan ahead next time. :)
if we're being honest pitbull looks more like a hairless cat than a pitbull
Bring back the Heartbeat of America slogan
thanks dear! <3
thanks for the follow:)
Was that Italian Sausage from one of our shops? How was it?
"You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you." - Ray Bradbury. Oops! I only read the first 4 words! There was more?
ohh k yeah we need to!! Call me gf !
Nadal shifts focus to Spanish clay after Monte Carlo Rafael Nadal prepared on Monday to move from one record setting week to the next as
I just jacked off on a Wendy's bag because I like prepubescent redheads and square meat patties!
Indeed. Hate is the operative word here. Uglier it gets, the worse it will get. Unfortunately happening too often everywhere.
It's a very dangerous and delicious landscape of bake shops here in NYC. I "try" to limit them to special occasions. :)
#TheActorsGuideToEverything will launch in less than two weeks!
Hmm yes...I guess that is how a hippo would deal with an unspoken treadmill rule...indeed!
Get to for at now! Shows at 7p NO COVER!
Soon i will have my gym pass and be in there this late!
Welcome to the Church of the Holy Cabbage
2 trucks today Wisconsin and Schmitz park!
Most guys will give you their best move first to establish a rhythm - be ready for anything then adjust if you get beat
Should I call bullshit or
studying for this test -___-
Local bands I loved back in the day: Viva Caramel.
Good Tuesday morning!! To all my fantastic followers have a beautiful day<3<3
The weekend has begun! Looking forward to spending it with my love and cheering the to victory
Going to South Beach soon? Read about our waterlogged vacay on MTB!
Morning is rough... I sleep then. And I will, trust me.
No haters in #BBN! You r superhuman but still human, not machine. We proud of you! First regroup, Next ,
Sammy buddy! I am super sorry been so busy the last few weeks its crazy! Email me all the details @
What else could I do? I'm so inspired by you. That hasn't happened for the longest time.
The movie Meet Joe Black is weird, boring, bad, and way too long, but at least it had George Bluth from Arrested Development.
you guys rock. can you deliver to camps in hawaii?
Thank you!
I've got an archive from back when I was webmaster - It's only four years old. Would that help?
Have you seen the Pittsburgh Dirty Dozen DVD yet? It is an awesome DVD for training: Want lasting exposure to dedicated cyclists?
Disregard bitches.
Anyone in my LA group who wants a great dinner try Fig & Olive. It was fantastic!
Hahahaa!!! : Oh, you have a Macbook Pro and only use it for Facebook? You're so tech savvy, what a great investment.
Last day at the law firm. I'll be an assistant editor next week. Feels like graduation day all over again.
also, you are misinterpreting my sincerity for sarcasm.
Hey I found this old DVD of me and 2 other guys doing single ladies in pink speedos for #BreastCancerAwareness. #HOT!!
Used the mew glitch to catch a Lv. 7 Blastoise, then used it to see a missingo and get so many rare candies. I now have an awesome Blastoise
Mechanically separated turkey...whaaaa?
At Monterey Bay Aquarium and it's not raining!
Hands off Fellaini! | The Transfer Tavern | Where football transfer ...
Yeah, playoffs start next week in the league that I'm 1st place in. It'll be tough going without Forte tough
I'm just sitting around waiting for her to sit around and wait for me..
RT NHRA Drag Racing Fans welcome our friends to twitter & follow:
jst like u.
Lets talk on the phone(:
I'm going to check it out this Saturday!
Maudlin tributes to 9/11 and the first day of the football season. Could there ever be a more perfect day?
": I miss so much :(" miss u too bebe
We want to thank the great people from for manning our phone bank tonight!
Packin no bag, nothin but the clothes on my back.
In so few characters? True!
#ImWeakFor Forehead kisses.
I think you spelled horror wrong? :-/ haha :)
My 1st Time In The LAB in 3weeks "HOME SWEET HOME"
Vernors is home to me. Drink it cold or hot. With whiskey, a Monkeyspanker. Or a Red Wing, w/cinnamon shnapps. Xmas in a glass.
My bf is the best pillow.
Thanks for the FF!
Entertainment in the car for kids while you drive: License Plate Lingo - Come up with a phrase using the letters of license plates you see.
Im trying like he trying lol
call me at 2703178082
What's your rec? RT : Can you suggest a seminar or conference on digital strategy for a new newspaper web editor?
It's and the vest in the Driesnote!
Get your swagg on
being an adult or midlife crisis?
would love to know how we could help further. Skype call sometime? ^
#1omf is speaking a lot of nonsense rite na...
Chef Olivier-Hope u will be joining us for our Chefs Hall of Fame-Baker's Dozen photo shoot on Monday. Call KC at 8586344410
There's been published research about the value of blogging for mental health benefits. It's good stuff!
Lakers putting this away
you have to believe that a good story trumps a museum demographic - that's what you're producing for.
No one ever answers my questions, but they always question my answers
#FF <--- Hard Core #Celtic fans. I see these guys at every game!
I got this drank in my cup :P
I don't know. I think I'd see that RT : "Mel Gibson is Back and wackier than ever!"
I love you
I need to start booking people for hair appointments. Already getting requests ;D
chillin like matt dillan...playing my tennis..yeah yeaheeeeeeeee
omg still going on.. STFU!!!
And of course nothing I do is good enough. Work all day, school all night. I don't even sleep anymore. And you're still not satisfied.
FDA approves Afinitor for non-cancerous kidney tumors caused by rare genetic disease
It's just so overwhelming!
maybe should add some G+ integration stat
Relatively painless I hope.
I haven't napped at all this week! That's a huge accomplishment. Rewarding myself with a nap.
One day when a teacher asks if I mind I'm gonna say yes. Cause I hate school and teachers
Impressive.amazing song.this is very incredible.Jesus is number one doing amazing coz He is #1.if you love him listen to this song
Whew, thanks for the insight, Sean! RT "Social media. It works." -
#FF mentions and thank yous will come out later today. Rough day at the day job and waiting on the mechanic to call concerning our van.
Today im watchin so much movies :)
"Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom." Soren Kierkegaard
Patience, my friend. The iTunes App is coming soon!
thought they were in LA?
maybe I'll just go see Avengers again. In 2D this time.
What I supposedly did wrong idk.. All I kno is that I'm reaping the "rewards"
iceland airwaves 09
Consider, voicing your opinion on this link site, it is important, specially for those of us in Chicago. chicagocitizens.uservoice.com
do you have any fingernails left this early into the #brewers season
Awesome, refreshing day, today. Happy Friday everyone :)
haha what was the score?
No - not that I can tell anyway. Medium for motivation? :)
why are none of my boyfs at work... i look cutsie and its gone to waste
In new jersey chilled to circa survive the whole ride<3
Trying to get some choreography done. YouTube, you're wasting my precious time with commercials I can't skip. Boo!
I'm thinking of starting some arduino projects, want to collab?
Off day. Didn't even get gratification from whip cream. This is a problem.
A in calculus, now for rewrites and lectures.. MONEY IS THE MOTIVE
RT : We're live-tweeting the #SOTU from a #children perspective using #InvestInKids. / Don't forget staff!
Suck it
liz follow keep following I look forward to seeing you in my espresso bar
that would be great ... but, alas, i think that ship sailed.
Teehee you be missing lots of things... Cali > Texas
usually about religion or politics. and they're usually stupid.
": Ugly girls are 10 x most likely to fall in love with a good man than a pretty girl would"
Lol I'm So Tired I'm Posting Da Wrong Think Smh lol
Go head Nick Young! Lol
So true, They are just waisting their time lol.
Stop in today for $6 Muffaletta sandwiches
Just got some new info on how police-involved shooting went down in Whitehall. Live at 11.
Why not have dinner with both of them, and include the Russian Rage?
probably not :/ if I can get most all my hw done I will fo sho but it looks unlikely
I'm so much better at buying books than writing them
Hi Julian you welcome
oh also, that's after opening his profile by clicking his name. THEN hover his profile pic. def. easier to do in tweetdeck
RIP MCA. great rapper and pioneer of music
Tiger Woods has vaulted into contention at the Dubai Desert Classic, as he managed to squeeze out an even-par 72 in windy conditions.
It's a shame for #Flyers fans that they treat playing the #pens as their
Even dykes say Hey!! So chow down on Chik-fil-A!!
All right! Can you ask a number of people (the same people who follow you) to follow me, please? Thanks
Just got great news!!!! Thank you Jesus!
academic interview schedules are crazy. mine was a similar set up. suspected it was partly an endurance test. good luck! :)
Vegas Sharps is making a $ out of 15 cents
there is a bat in my cabin...
I think there will be many haunted people until they and Troy Davis meet again.
I was just reminded how small our town is...
Yessir. Think I may be front row too. You?
This band sucks and is head lining?? And they make fun of the openers who are BRANDnew and don't suck...? Ps there are 12 people here..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! And here's to many, many more!
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 1
Sent off a quick email yesterday.
Just finished "The Reeducation of Cherry Truong" by LOVED it! cc:
I come home to check on my mother but right now I am always on the road so I can take care of her
where is it this month?
Congrats to for earning doctoral degree in organizational learning and leadership from Barry U!
Arg. I leave Wednesday and am shooting Mon all day, family day Tues. I will try to squeeze you in. Get back to you soon.
LOVED Series one & two. The US version SUCKED!
im watching victoria justice ustream on youtube. lol
Push me under. Pull me farther. Take me all way.
all quiet on the western front
Tomorrow will be $3 craft beers from our summer list. Not sure if it'll be on Sats or Weds permanently, but we'll have weekly beer specials.
Talk to you tomorrow :D bye :D
where y'all play at?
you forgot me at the airport.
hey, u spell "A$$" like me :D we hav soo much in common
#longliveskunkhair huh. man how i've missed that
Its been a fun year till next year.
Saw "Source Code" kind of reminded me of "Deja Vu." It was cool, glad I saw it.
My mom thought computers would be a fad lol. She's a Dr. and was not happy when Medicare made Electronic Medical Records mandatory.
im so bored nd tired ugh
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy?
Yeah youre right and hell yeah OKC is my 2nd favorite team in the NBA (Bulls always will come 1st) Durant is a beast
Listen for Metropolitan's "Downstream" in the recent episode of "Biography" on Aerosmith
#AtABlackChurch you will here aloy of snoring.
dont hold urself down, come back tomorrow and show them whats up!
For all you lip balm addicts out there, the new pink grapefruit one from is a keeper.
RT : omg did derek just die!
you play video games? What's ur gamer tag? Even if I don't win the tickets I still wanna take you out on ps trey or xbeezy
New hot movies 8. Kill Bill 4 9. Battleship 10. Project x 11. The Three Stooges 12. Shake 13. Safe House 14. Thousand Words
It's so cute it looks fake.
I get paid to go out
RT Hello Michelle! So glad I found u on the Alchemy Conf. page! Can't wait 2 meet you & talk to you about my show :) Love, :D
thanks britt, <3 has Sarah said anything to you ?
Yo This stupid phone don't let me change my picture on here! I've had that shit for 2 year almost now! Need to change it ASAP.
Eat chocolate that looks like a salad? RT : trying to gain weight while trying to eat the right way .... How?!
it's goanna be awsome though /:
Another exciting day in radio. I helped Wim Wenders find the hot water for his tea.
funny.... #becauseitstrue i miss you sister!
Happy Tuesday Beautiful People #SexyAndIKnowIt - XavierLT. com
my new t-shirt - visited 500 Fifth Avenue and all I got was this lousy coffee stain
Thanks for a fun season! Can't wait until the next one.
Lol u know its true ..so does everyone else RT lOl
trying to add LinkedIn account, click on LI Add button and nothing happens. Using desktop version 2.0
Just cause you have a real job doesn't mean you gotta hate on us...
Ah, the radio selection in Portland is fantastic!
How do you not know you were pregnant!?!?
you have lost your damn mind!
(I totally filed that one, BTW)
yo wakeuppppp so we can go get recovery food
me RT : My new album, "Dear Summer", is gon be my best trust me... What dope producer should I work wit?
no problem! Always down for good music
I'm also thinking about a Warehouse 13 spec.
hahah awesome man lets do it #lavoyallenbandwagon right down 95
enh. Fairly minor. For the saddle bolt shearing mid-ride... :) (No really: fell, but minor scrapes, & bike fixable by me.)
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
(Gotta love Cali for the Warm Weather Women and The Weed)
Ya think? RT : #Aries get irritated by people who can't see their point of view.
#YOLO #FISH same thing
Need a laugh??? Why don't Tigger and Piglet have friends in 100 Acre woods?
Thanks to all my new #followers! Hoping to tweet things of interest for #genealogy community. Care & handling of materials questions? Ask!
Too many emotions going on right now. I want to explode. I need to pray and dance.
hit ya up later to see where you are. I'm on an agenda tonight. That party is good BTW.
Check out an all day FREE concert tomorrow Saturday in the Jerry Garcia theatre at McLaren Park in SF. 10am-8pm Los Mocosos and more Vaya
#MyFavoriteSongEver DORA DORA DORA THE EXPLORA! ahaha - DORA IS AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT! haha
This girl at work said I was a hard worker, I told her I was a good actor :-)
RT : Takeaway: Wealth is the value you give it & what U call it. Be true to your heart and you will know this answer.
Has great social media service- quick reply to my comment about their site, with a solution! Love companies that are responsive!
Bruce Willis in the back of an El Camino w/a machine gun makes up for it
I can only hope that-as I'm on the job market-if potential employers look at that tweet they'll understand the broader history.
Got this algebra II final in a couple mins...
": She makes it through the entire video of "2 girls 1 cup" #ShesAKeeper" nope
#thingsthatmakemethinknastythoughts when someone spells "coming" "cumming"
Dinh: "Okay, maybe I'm wrong."
Haha Cause When We Wake Up & Have To Get Our Beds Checked One Of Us gotta Know How To Spread It & Stuff. & I don't-__- lmao
WTF? I take a nap &... RT : AP confirms LA Times report: Would-be al-Qaida bomber was working for CIA and Saudi intel all along.
Thnx. I have a good friend who is a Lt for Kirkland, WA. He alsi does GIS 4 them.
waiting on the world to change.
Hot Italian Sausage - Recipe
The doors of wisdom are never shut. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Message me Followers ^.^
So many options! My faves: Oyamel in Chinatown & the whole 14th & P area. Msg me if you need specific neighborhood recs!
What a glorious day here in Boston, Massachusetts! Enjoy it because in like 2 days you'll be freezing your titties off!
thanks, we'll look into it.
also if you do have a show here ill get as many people I can :)
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
We are pleased to announce that "Space Invader" was ranked #5 on NashvilleRock.net's Top 20 Singles for 2010!
McNamee of Elevation Partners: HTML5 takes the web from shitty to spectacular.
man up to your mistakes and quit bein' a bitch.
have just discovered the drawback to using individual bags of chips for lunch talks.
i hav 2 finish my paper so i got 2 go already by u guys :(
no worries at all man. Did you tear into the package I sent you yet?
Driving with the windows down and music blasting :-)
Last night's episode of could have been lifted from my life a few years ago. & the dance party @ end? From my life a few days ago.
I got that touch
Bored just found an old visa and it still has a good amount of money on it!
it should be acceptable to shoot someone on sight for saying that phrase.
U couldn't pay me to be in tha Kennedy family, them fuckers are CURSED!
- I was totally cool with it. Once I saw that others were totally cool with it. :)
Are STEM degrees from an unaccredited university more valuable than anthropology degrees from an accredited university?
Run girl!! You'll warm up in no time. RT It's COLD!!! I don't want to get out of this car. LOL
no se B
working all the time on projects that will be released very soon! What's up tho?
Speaking of ant-eating fungi, wants to start Friday Night Write again, but this may interfere w/FNM.
slider by Patrick Robinson is sneaky good. Life of a ball player on the cape for the summer
I wish!
NO YOU DON'T
Yes they are, site should be fully functioning very very soon and you will see more and be able to purchase.
Awesome, take pictures and share! (:
Hey Canada - how about two out three? ;)
Job opening for Flash designer, must be good;
Who knew anyone liked the Pirates until ESPN decided to give them as much coverage as they possibly could
What do you call someone in the White House who is honest, ethical, intellectual, law abiding, and truthful? A tourist.
Thanks for the tweet friends! This is quite an interesting concept.
vampires? Or Puritans?
Thanks for a great webinar today! Learned a ton!
JUST A REMINDER! NM GUNS WILL BE AT THE GUN SHOW ON THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING THE 12TH & 13TH. SEE YOU THERE!
#MixedRaceProblems , People Think Juss Cuz Our Hair Is Good, It Can't Ever Get Nappy. Yes It Can.
fo sho. We need to visit
Alan, thank you! It was good to see you and to be able to contribute. Take care, Rich
Time for PUMP YOU UP shout outs for all the Job Adventurers out there!! Keep your focus razor sharp & continue the steps to move forward!
So, roughly 60% of Michigan's voters are voting against Romney. That's the real news here.
'Where's your bathing suit top?" Christian to Ed
If your inquiry is about books from 2008, I'd agree with Bruce on Groundswell or Crowdsourcing, useful reads both.
Black-out weds are always epic....Stop by & tonight for a drink or 2! DM for bottles & tables. Its gonna be good
I'm going to start wearing bedazzled underwear (instead of pants) everywhere. And crowns. #HONEYBAKED cc:
Does anyone know of a search tool that will query over 100 results for the major search engines?
Lotsa of motion today in prepping for addtl shoot being scheduled next week for enhancing footage; increasing sale possibilities
For we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do. -Eph 2:10
Get me something plz!! Lol :): I could really go for some Wendy's right now
Good day. Love seeing new clients faces as they realize what they now have access to! Makes my job so worth it!
#BuildYourFans - My main goal is for musicians to be able to make a decent living out of music.
I'm trying to make this shit sound authenticious.
Just found out is getting a lot of votes from #Texas. I think tweet is helping
Good, I didn't want to offend a Canadian for the umpteenth time this week LOL
New product launch in Vegas today!!!
I'm almost done(: 3 more questions!
that sounds like a lovely morning.
r u joining the bags league at the social club
Poor old max makes interesting noises. LOL
your going?! Yaaaay!!
Block editor- adjust app layout and behavior. Need current version of Java, find and install usb drivers for phone to be able to use
Thanks! we think the weatable bouquet will be popular.
Chillin my nigga......working hard everyday....how bout u how did u this year
has to abolish records of guys who cheated taken steriods and hgh and not have them on the ballot at all period.
Banging this nigga go hard def in my top 3 n the city think he need a home wit & D-Block
"Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture" ~ via Lydia M Child
Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
Me: Hola, como estas? Spanish guy: Talks really fast. Me: Shhh calm down, Dora didn't teach me that yet.
Bummed that the Pats lost- but a GREAT Super Bowl. Final seconds, close game & a hail Mary pass. (Madonna was pretty good too)
Be kind to each other, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God through Christ has forgiven you. Ephesians 4:32,
Unhappy predecessor
Who else wants it in madden???
Hope everyone's holidays were great. Have a safe and happy New Year!
Had a nightmare last night that was all typos.
You sleep better when you Hustle Hard..
Higginbotham has looked good the small amount of time he's been out there
only real men watch Jessie, right? Haha ;)
RT : AIR VP Mark Schneider comments: MT : For millions of #college #dropouts, 2nd chances prove difficult...
Outta here! New York Mets owners and a trustee for Bernard Madoff's fraud victims have settled for $162 million.
#nahj In social media workshop, Robert Hernandez says you are a citizen, you are a journalist, you are a brand.
how hard is it to comprehend the difference between your & you're. Thats basic. My 5 yr old knows that
I love how they made fun of Minecraft on MAD. i love that show :)
There is something terribly wrong with this tweet since I had one also but I did not initiate it...weird!
WE ARE HERE TO SERVE YOU. "FIRST OF ALL SERVANTS OF ALL WE SHALL TRANSCEND ALL."
that's how I fall asleep every night.. Friends is alway an easy fix!
Welcome JJ. Let me remind everyone, I am the president of the Coach K fan club. Called it during '10 summer league.
Ill never let my son have an ego, hell be nice to everyone where ever we go.
Help us fill some tour dates. We are looking for some dates between the 12th and 19th of this month. If you book bands hit us up.
Horrible Places You're Forced To Go To: banks, pharmacies, DMVs, & public restrooms. I'm at one of these places now fighting for my life.
Homeland, episode 7, Channel 4, review: Ed Cumming reviews the seventh episode of Homeland on Channel 4
Looks like I lost the Burning Man ticket lottery. Just as well. It was better in the 90s & early aughts anyway.
Web marketing makes me giddy. Seriously. At least I know I'm doing what I love!
RT Correct indeed, but let's not forgot they did not have Tony Parker. We need to run run run tonight!! Yikes
you don't know about that
David Roth is at Giambi Birthplace and Museum, West Covina, CA, with 44 others.
This old ass man downtown just Said I made his 4/20 , he's bouta go get some loud , like BYE ASSHOLE
another month where the JOR deadline is missed...
no lie, I dreamt night that I spontaneously got an octopus tattoo and I felt quite a bit of remorse for not including you too
Sounds like a good idea for a compilation.
Thanks for still reading us, Randy.
no its not. Are you retarded? Kobe has 5 rings. He doesn't have to play another lzick of bball to close his historic legacy
my hair is something today. something.
This year's Exceptional Woman in Publishing Award goes to founder of # WLC2011
ONLY drink "water". No juice, soda, smoothie, shakes, or milk.
Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow! But beforehand we're trimming the fat! To those we've recently followed, please follow back! Or you're fired!
interesting ecoystem and dashboard viewpoints on how to understand and communicate analytics
Thank you to everyone who attended University Commencement. Congratulations to the Class of 2012!
i need to have a heart to heart with somebody soon
I didn't have any luck with Planned Parenthood. I'll keep this on my radar and will look for other volunteer opportunities.
you golf?
yeah ive heard of him!:) my youth leader listened to it! Pretty awesome!!
and a lot more fist
I like a little meat
this morning, literally I was parked for 20 mins
YEAH BUCKS! That's how games against Michigan should go!
Zoom by Istvan Banyai: Get closer...closer...closer...closer...closer...closer...
How cute!!! I love your models!!!
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. ~Mother Teresa
Love Palisade. We go to Wine Fest there every year. Look forward to checking out your story more!
In Austin!
I literally just fell out of bed. And scraped my knee. And possibly bruised my thigh. What a way to wake up! #sierrajoyness :)
Get this game under way already!! Sheesh!
just followed back some followers :) I miss twitter
Tune in next week for another great interview
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriend i'd be the luckiest girl in the world.
A whole lotta Jerry Lee Lewis: With a 100-song box set due for release, 'The Killer' talks to Douglas McPherson.
So excited to volunteer at Houston Food Bank next week! This is something I've always wanted to do and finally have the time! : )
Good luck to , , and everyone at the at #SXSW this week! #Milwaukee really DOES have a lot of talent!
interesting shout. Theo is so one dimensional, could be Ox on one flank and Johnson as back up for either.
Thanx for the RT. Looking forward to learning from Lou Bortone about video marketing
I can't get my new tv to show pictures. Oh well, back to watching tv on my computer.
Hi, I'm Bruce Hill, and I will be your comedian for the evening.
thanks! I've always had a love for the big city. Opportunity presented itself so we're going for it!
Roll Da Kush Up! ..Lets Start A
Im going to kill you both
We'll have the day in court for a former supervisor at the San Diego Center for Children accused of molesting a teen at the Center.
Floyd Mayweather not only won his fight against Miguel Cotto on Saturday (May 5), he did it with a star-studded support
Huntsman objects to Paul ad featuring adopted kids - The Associated Press
That's brutal! Hey why won't you deliver to my friend?
You know your cousin may be a huge ass, but that won't change my opinion of you.
Ft. myers bound.
actually its more of a spanglist... half english half spanish... haha
Goodbye my looooooovvvveeee
Just did some analytics of our customer data using Spotted some new trends #selfservicebi Do you use the software you sell?
Now an older man that I'm attracted to... That's a different story. Lol
Is this your 3rd checkin? Hope u can redeem our 4sq offer! RT : I'm at The Tilted Kilt (310 10th Ave, at K St, San Diego)
Great to meet you as well! Hope to see you next week...
Told the $100 Tommy Bolt story to a co-worker.
thanks brotha! =D wish u guys could join me!
My dreams and determination are NOT to be played with... #destinedforgreatthings!!!
Workouts + #NBAPlayoffs is hard to beat on a Saturday.
Chris Benoit's story was crazy. That, plus roid rage, I can't even imagine how he functioned.
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives. - C. S. Lewis
Im up early shacking the hell out of these shack weights arms ready to knoke a bitch out! TRY ME.
Unruly Music festival countdown 9: intermedia performance of Cage's Song Books (voice, theater, and dance with live electronics) on March 9.
"talking to girls is easy, they'll tell you everything"
yech. we had major repairs on ours last summer; just had them out on Sat for cleaning, too.
E-books are hard to track down. And publishers must maintain copies as well.
you're on a role. Fury makes you funnier!
Off to the vet with the pup and
Wow! I love your wife already.
everybody on IG kept saying you where dating kylie and i though it was just a rumor and it was.
Don't use your time addressing envelopes! Email and find out how we can save you time & do it for you!
well we redshirted a kid that is 6'5" runs a 4.4 and has better arm than Thomas so we'll see what happens
That's right Staatz! We also keepin the hot guy :)
thank you
Yay Big time rush
Interviewer: "Miley or Selena?" Zayn: "Miley." Harry: "Miley." Liam: "Miley." Louis: "Miley." Niall: "Demi."
lol yu get on me yu know what time it is
Thank u all the people who support me I wont let u down I do this day by day
If u a jump off be good at being a jump off
I'm trying to connect with girl scouts of America. Any ideas?
thanks kid, can't wait to come check your shop out ...
A freshly opened tower of blank cds smells like maple syrup
Interesting. A is your friend.
Did you know EBA clients and customers include world-renowned medical centers, professional sporting teams, soccer moms, & active retirees?
Lin is the story of the year...he is lighting up the Lakers like an All Star
thanks for the feedback today. We'll get it done.
Atlantic City, dinner then tonight....
well, as long as the Dems don't have 60 votes in the Senate McCain and the GOP would fillibuster free hugs.
Another "Go Green" - outside with your green - not your dough, your pot - the one with the plant in it: Take your houseplant for a walk day.
Next real chance for a Colts win is against the Jags!!!
So a man's wife leaves him,her speaks out because of shock ,yet he is a man of truth for the white light is he will love the mother o 6women
Pandora Flow
I keep seeing ads for #HayFever Great show! Highly recommend!!
Im going to post a new YouTube video soon. maybe tonight. :)
Good morning Seattle. What's in store for you this week?
Time is love, gotta run......
Tried to type Twitter. Instead typed Titter. Perhaps I ought to go mimies.
Just had lunch @ Rudy's BBQ...I think they do have da worst bbq, really wasn't too good!!
The state gets to temporarily stop the previous ruling (that stops the previous anti-PPrule!) So square one, I believe.
really? :) cool, why are u coming? Vacations?
Just whooped in fifa baby. #gus >
,hi hunney how are you
is doing there thing ! Hopefully meetings with them is soon to come
superfine superfine
Perhaps it was more of a concern for others than myself ;)
How was it? I've never been.
Love the new website design - and easy to navigate! Well done Steven.
RT launches its virtual SHRM site: www.careerbuilder.com/SHRM2009 for attendees and those back home
The 49ers are gon be unreal on madden
you succed :D
Eat your bacon its good for you.
Discussed workforce challenges for the state of WI with Scott VanderSanden, President , AT&T Wisconsin. Insightful leader!
oh that's great! Hope you have fun!
im not go ask how you got yo pic to do that
No rush on my side. Just checking.
"I made this for you!"
Always getting the same thing? Try adding lettuce, tomato, or cheese!
I hope your day gets better Dylan, I love you<3
xDDDD i wanna see his dick. honestly.
$SEFE is gonna squeeze shorts on Monday again... mark my words! Wish I bought it when I wanted (1.78) oh well...
Pork Tropi-Chop w/lettuce, black beans, Guava BBQ sauce? FUHKIN-AYE! Also Swiper (dora) isa DICK!
Happy Birthday Beautiful. Again : )
What's everyone sipping on this morning?
Good nite Night Owls.
I want the Brazilian butt lift dvd..hmm,I wonder does...As seen on tv.. got it
Let me explain my loyalty. I was born and raised in Madison, WI. I wasted HS but back in those days top 50% in class, automatic into UW
Let me fuck the world off, just for you.
Sold 100+ tix to the event on Tues against & the ! See you at & the !
There's a murder behind my house in N MPLS. But it was "targeted" so that's supposed to make it all better.
is the game at 2 or 3? My phone won't list the time zone
Auburn honor here I come
#FF , RTing the functionally illiterate one at a time. "I got the flew." ... "Need more close in my closet."
is all over caps lock this evening
ok, I have sent you the email with info needed...
Outcomes-based assessment first thing in the morning!
It's about time, don't you think! :)
Getting ready foods being cooked Lets get it
City softball tournament going on. Got a win last nite, quarter finals 2nite! Let's go S.o.b.'s
Navy says Naval Station Norfolk will close Gate 3A on weekends beginning Friday, May 18. So, don't go that way
But what IS experimental bedroom pop? I understand experimental. I understand pop. What part of the music qualifies you as "bedroom?"
I felt a great distubance in the force, as if were trying to make sense of a Romney speech....
Heyyyoooooo what's up everybody??
especially for their system. BTW, if you got notice that your PIN expired - have to change, but you can change right back to old one
no the fight is more like Kool Mo Dee vs. LL COOL J... If u agree say I!!
lol. Guess not !
Kiu Li and Selina Macdonald rock my world!
great meeting your fantastic team today
I agree, he's pretty cool :). Let's get dinner when is back in the U.S.A.!
I question Biden's promises. After all, he promised he wouldn't be VP in 2008 (look it up).
51 Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
Good morning! We're working on some menu updates for summer. Have any special requests for the summer menu?
True, but no one cares what he says. B/C he can't win!
This classroom smells like hot arm pits -__-
Hope everyone is having a good Thursday
o i dont got that on ps3 only xbox.... :\
How many MORE ways will Taco Bell reinvent the taco?
Belated Christmas presents today. Score!
GOD is good!
Yes, everything's okay. Terrible fire in Reno yesterday (Caughlin Ranch) but it snowed last night. Fire is out. 21 homes damaged.
Detroit might give you street cred, but it won't pay your bills. Lesson learned from BG, haha.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be
In the end :)
Great to hear, man! I'm just finishing up this degree, playing local musicals/gigs and subbing at La Nouba when they call me :-)
: Pls get iron-clad repayment plan from Full Tilt #Poker & fast-track sale so players get repaid, thanks!
Do not watch the Little League World Series, we do not need to sacralize 11 & 12 year olds
Macaroni and cheese.
Forgetting to shave your legs and going to get a pedicure... #SorryLady lolol
I think I'm going to hop back over to my account. This one is... too quiet.
#StronglyAttractedToGuys that look good in snapbacks, and to guys that play basketball (:
Reif: We're focused on ensuring that the Senate is functional so we can pass an early budget that controls spending..."
I would take ARodg, Brees, Brady, Manning(x2), Ryan, Rivers, Big Ben, Schaub and Romo. Stafford if he keeps it up
Summer running in Arizona. Ramping up the miles by 10% each week even in the 100 degree temps.
To people who go to the workplace while sick: I hated you yesterday. I hate you today. Flowers will help you avoid my hating you tomorrow.
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather, not like the people screaming in his car.
Haha. Well, it can only be so awesome without one of our shirts.
I'm cheap, man.
Seagulls are starting to swoop at me!
Yes, good, more YDS tweeters
Also, still looking for those $25 donations. Help us reach our 25 donors per week goal!
HAPPENING RIGHT NOW: SLIS Summer/Fall Course Preview (+PIZZA) Noon-1:30 in the Commons
He is totally precious! I love him in "Being Human".. The real version, not the crap SyFy version :)
Sillicon Valley startup? Wasn't Instagram based in Austin, TX?
#Geoffrey Owens is doing his thing! S/O to Tamberla holding her own on stage #GoodmanTheatre #Race is a must see
Thank you to for providing and students scholarships to attend the Feminism in LIS Unconference.
sorry, I'll check it in a minute! and did the grizzlies win against the Clippers yesterday?
Pope Benedict XVI has decided the collection taken up @ his HolyThursday evening Mass wil b used 2 offer humanitarian aid 2 Syrian refugees.
Who is out and about in Chicago right now? Especially if u r close to the north side. I'm out and need a partner to get drunky!
not really. Why?
I see u eqlrecords.com
Pierce called for traveling. This is what he's become in Game 5. Are you kidding me.
Can't wait for #madmen tonight. Yes, you are invited!
Hungry so left $50K championshp. Railing online. Bubble broke. Can u image plyn 4.5 days of great pokr & getting $0 bubbling a 6 fig payout?
Amazing hair stylist, Donka, from does it again with a perfect haircut! She's impeccably meticulous! Thank you, Donka!
it hasent done very well. So we are GOING to redo their interview soon. Everything else looks good tho! :D Its coming soon guys!
Each exit from #AmericanIdol from now on will be "Not him/her!" I'm glad 1 of last night's weaker performers survived, but surprised tonite.
I am discusted with the looters in London. They are preying on their own neighbors.
Just reading a bit of your time line. Don't waste your time on Ass Hats like that. We all love you and think you're Awesome!
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake. - Rene Descartes
So what we get drunk so what we smoke weed we're just having fun and we dont care who sees ;D
Good morning. We hope you have a nice Thanksgiving.
thx!!! Tell ur dad the same & enjoy ur day together!!! :)
HEY LADIES! Need a job? Like to dance? Like to drink? Like to flirt? Like CASH? Come out to the GOLD CLUB Mon-Fri 12-7 for AUDITIONS!
Seduction leads to destruction.
itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch? The Strangers or Taken!
thanks for supporting wamo100's networking event! Good seeing you too.
I bet you and hook up tonight ;-) :-p
And I won't get into how El Salvador should have been playing a man down...thanks to that nice punch of Boyd.
En route to Canadada. I really hope to eat poutine.
m can't wait!
Music does make everything better. If you love christian music, you should check us out!
even more beautiful. She was a very happy little girl. She loved Kitty-cats, hula hooping, dolls, baking cookies, and dress up. But most
Who's going to see Polvo in Chicago on Saturday?
C'mon Hill...brining out that Brip Streep ball down in MIA is not going to fly.
The more someone looks like us the more we are likely to help them, scientist find
hm what times I'll take it if I need it I have to check the requirements again cause everyone tells me different classes
Gasp! They're both wonderful! Bring kleenes to Les Mis...
Happy New Years! :) My new year resolution: To find the one.
Titus, We create custom Twitter backgrounds 4 many of the Browns. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if u want one.
If a user doesn't exist...how can they follow you? What kind of games are you playing Twitter?
Just finished the final level of Space. Now what?
I love that!
Hundreds fill MacArthur Airport's terminal to welcome home a Marine returning from a deployment overseas.
The real source of wealth and capital in this new era is not material things.. it is the human mind, the human spirit, the human...
yeah man for sure ill let ya know!
Mostly, I
don't lose your mojo! We rooting for you Kel can't wait to hear what you cooking up!
Did you have a chance to chat with our sales team?
Late night calls with the bestie >>> because we can't go a day without talking :)
ain't that the truth. I'm tired of fighting haters.
Thanks and crew for the #entrepreneurs meetup last night!
Amazing show with
bo #Broncos!!! haha
I humbly and hungrily volunteer for 'making fun of stuff' duty.
We enjoyed meeting your Raleigh partners at the Home Show on Friday!
The dark side. I've been working there for four months. Amazingly insightful experience.
I seriously havent laughed alot & and really hard in a long time until today .
just won a season family pass to at #AYP2012 auction.
Patients we all must practice it.
Yuck. I was sick flying to SAN a couple weeks back. Took my ears about 16 hours to pop.
KENTUCKY WILDCATS LOVE YOU!! Can I get a RT
My boys broke through in the bottom of the 8th. Tweeting from AT&T Park.
red red wine you make me feel so fine...
Fear (False. Evidence. Appearing. Real) If anything the anxiety of it will push you through it! wishing you the best of luck!
Time is always working against me whether I know it or not
Happy(choose all that apply): #CincodeMayo, #KentuckyDerby Day, #Talladega Race Weekend! Going to be interesting.
RT : In 2012, by grace, I will: - Unplug more - Connect more - Give more - Laugh more - Run more ... than previous years.
Congrats to the Netherlands today, those goals were beautiful.
Live Webcast - September 1st. Iridium Jazz Club - EST- shows 8
I hate it when them ghetto girls be like "Oh hes my baby ZADDY!" when they talk about a celeb..like no...go somewhere!
Good morning Austin. How is your morning so far?
It's understandable but I cant help but think Toews has been almost unnoticleable this series
hahaha you're such a dork! :D
no i thought u were? Werent u in Austin Mahone 16th B-day Suprise video?
much better.
We'll be there! RT : who else is going to the Oscar Micheaux screening at tonight?
RT If you love everyone single one of the boys. Including the ones that were not on ABDC.
ATTN WRITERS & ARTISTS! Our submission deadline for the Sept/Oct Double Issue (due for release the end of the month!) is Monday 10/24
They turn/accept all things progressive. Just issue by issue, like in gay marriage, for example. Some may still not be..
Thanks for the shout out!
u can text me
thanks! I fixed the website link.
so much fun!! Raged in south beach last night
Does anybody else think that the patriots should b smashing the jets rite now
bad bridesmaid dress
"dammit I'm mad" read it backwards
Walk it out... thats what im doing & enjoying this awesome weather! :)
Its weekendd timee : ) no work party party .
Hanging in the book signing area.
Goal is permanent supportive housing. Interview with Visit www.HousingMattersSD.org
well done.
So I'm reading my first physical book since getting a Kindle and uh... I miss the Kindle. That's a surprise.
yall should realy do song together it would sound AMAZING!!!!!!
you huys are just too cute man I wonder if your brother is like you wanna hook me up?? LOL I Jk
fix the radio side. I don't want the technical screw up to ruin my Yankee game experience!!!!
Can someone please send me this SQ interview please? I can't find shit. Help.
Asking for prayers for my dad who is undergoing several tests today. We're trusting in God to see him through
logic is sound!
rain, you menace! sun, y must you tease? wish you could've stayed longer...
Staying positive, changing lives:-) That's how I'll live this week.
excited for a BIG executive announcement tomorrow... watch and see!!
Thanks for RTs! :)
i really do hate people who protect their tweets like why even have a twitter
Just scanned through your tweets from #CivicFruit. Will need to check out projects mentioned.
if you don't like selena then don't put her name in yo mouth. she got enough haters and problems to deal with. she don't need more problems!
Train your mind to expect positive and fruitfull things to happen in your life.
Too early to talk favorites. Ask me after draw.
you need a life
I know he is going home for at least some of the summer.
Okay probably goin to turn off my phone n just do homework for a couple of hours...maybe go to the park n lay out there?
Love my chats with my favorite Liz!:)
Nice Tim Burton reference at the beginning. It is very Burtonish.
Its sad but when love is suppressed HATE takes its place
they always come back
I agree
The sad thing is I won't even be missed when I'm gone.
#amazingwomen Laysha Ward -president of Community Relations for Inspiring at #aam2012 keynote event
hehehe! you're welcome! hehehe! lets have another day like this again. ;)
I'm never on twitter anymore :(
Nice! I've been enjoying the roses, but haven't launched into the reds yet.
Follow my lil sis she #teamfollowback all day long
Thanks to for being on the show tonight. Great player and an even better interview.
Nothings impossible the word it self says "I'm possible".
these kids don't know how easy they got it lol
So where's Jeremy Lin?
White "seeds" in a watermelon aren't seeds -- They're seed shells where a seed didn't develop.
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving. W. T. Purkiser
love will make you crazy . love will make you think . heavy on my mind . pour a shot for me to drink . i love it <3
np more to come got my tickets and looking forward to a lip smacking good time
Had a great time at The Hank Stewart's White Linen Affair. What a blessing!
It's Friday! After a rainy Thursday so we are trying to get caught up & have no appointments available today.
seriously, I think I've had nightmares about that situation
Brett Favre to Carolina...??? Are you kidding me????
"Shit is occuring" this boy is hilarious
Plain and simple, yet so important "Remember: dig your well before you're thirsty. Plan. Be prepared." -
What is with all there honor societies?
if your tossin and your turnin and you just cant fall asleep, ill sing a song, beside you :) xx
i can't wait until winter . (:
I'm hunting jobs tonight. All the jobs I want seem to be in New York.
Headed to Shreveport. Beautiful day for a recruiting trip!
Tweeting feels suspiciously like texting. IDK, my BFF Jill.
then i tell that bitch to keep sucking on my shiiit
thought the same after re-reading my post. :)
back to the weekly
so, I can't follow you since you're private?
niggga you better finish before June 7th!
A Camaro, a tattoo, AND Aqua Velva. Sunjay is DEFINITELY from Rochester.
World AIDS Day. Peace 2 1s who have passed. Strength 2 1s living with. Luck 2 1s working on a cure. Thanks 2 1s who care for others with it.
"And I hope the sunshines and it's a beautiful day, and something reminds you, you wish you would have stayed..."
Nice work!
Precisely the argument that I need to defend!
Just did probably the dumbest thing I could ever do
my dad took my phone
Happy Child Welfare Professionals Day to all those who work to protect children!
Apparently when you order food in Texas with the word "diabla" in it, it's spicy as hell...
Italian ices with mommy jack &bella<3:)
Thanks for the support putting in the work.. :)
If it's a stove pipe, res ipse loquitor.
Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord. -Psalm 27:14
Dear Twitter: Stop recommending me to follow Arsenal players. I don't care about that wank club, or it's wankeriffic players. Thanks.
why you still at valley ..... I got you
Reince Preibus,RNC Chair, was overheard saying on conference call last week that GOP wants recall on GOP primary date.
There's some nasty ppl in this city! Smh
Just watched the revival of south pacific on PBS. I'm such a geek
#wewerecooluntil you stabbed me in the back. Now you're just a bitch that I don't want to look at again
I mean, they know Otis Redding wrote "Hard to Handle" right? Or is the cold medicine making me hallucinate?
All heaven is, is a long road to freedom.
Let's hear you on some 50 Cent songs homie!!
Do this. RT : Limbaugh has 32k followers & the woman he called a "slut" has 8,000 in just 1 day. Follow and RT
We've got a book signing event Sat from 11-1 & then the OT Fall Fest in the eve. Should b a fun filled wkend!
It is a fun crew...I love it here. How have you been?!
Way cool Nice set up
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps is trending. So I'm running with it. I could on for hours. But I won't.
Open computer lab, computers available, librarian on hand to answer questions, Thur April 26, 10-Noon, Platteville Public Library,...
June and Body Month are coming to an end. Check back here to be the first to know about our July specials!
The DPotA actually likes pretty much everyone.
Opening game of the 2012 #MLB season is already over and it's not even 9 am CDT yet! #Mariners beat Oakland 3-1 in 11 innings in Tokyo.
What do you do!? lol
haha, thank you. I miss the term 'Fit'. I lived in London for a while. But everytime I hear it, it reminds me of 'The Streets' :D
don't hate on comfort. sometimes you dont need to look good.
Barack: "I do got a dumb friend named Chedda Biden, who shoots himself in the foot every time he addresses the media."
Wednesday eveningish. Last final tomorrow. =/
i have tepee :/
Sucks to be sick-.-
Good night everybody! Pray that I'll pass! <3
Awkwardly sitting here with noone.~
Did you know that I played on #Supernatural w/ my father ?? Do you know which #song??
Nice ride
if i dont give him a hard time, he will think im not his sister..lol
Not just any doodle. It's a houghton doodle! Its mine!!
which wine are you pairing with that?
Today in #JOUR4953 we got the chance to talk with Journal Sentinel columnist about finding your voice in your writing.
Had a hurd day on set today!We`re hanging out in my dressing room,doing some stuff!
Completely random #FF to
Change yourself and your work will seem different
raining day (:
I was totally thinking cookies.
I hope it storms today
I jumped off the high dive & pretended I couldnt swim. So my buddy could steal the life guards girl when he jumped in after me
Hi, send me some more details about your wine shipping question to . I'll try to help. Thanks, Carl.
At the radio station Putin in work..
Best radio station ever queenmarathon
I actually like it most of the time, but it's not fun when you still have to do it when you'd rather do something else!
I like it. RT: Thinking of starting a rogue team for the #D2L11 team competition. Our own rules, our own points. Who's with me?
So much attitude up in this gate, yep... next stop NYC!!
Time for math?
Bad News #Red #Sox 0-7 on the road. Good News! Canceling NESN will save U money & if they keep losing on Tickets & Parking:)
when i see you with her, slow dancing, tearing me apart cause you dont see me
thanks for coming!
Yes, yes, yes to MLS resorts!!!!
RT : Love on your mommy even if she left you or has passed on. Honor thy mother and thy father. Be strong my loves.
both are beautiful, i like the one on the left alot ;) lol
always keeps me in the know when it comes to contemp. music history. That's why iloveujaredcox
did the Rangers just beat the Devils?
German chancellor Angie not a happy occupant of the European driver seat, good observations in the
trying out the new Macbook pro....like driving a Cadillac!
The working of our minds paint a portrait of possibilities, but it is with the working of our hands that we sculpt it into reality.
#sdmayornp "I plan to double funding for arts in my two terms as mayor"
Thank you very much! I appreciate it.
Band kid: im going to Myrtle beach and you will be in school Me: but your still in band
In the books whilst my lovely lady is throwing down in the kitchen... Broke but #winning, lol
i need 20 more followers plz
Totally joking.
I have hit that sweet spot in the MMR rating where everyone I play is a really awful turtle player.
cant stop listening to
- with billions and billions of participants.
Thanks for the tweet :)
that's all that matters
Whos idea was it to creat a 40 hour work week? What a dumb fuck
'Don't forget to bring a towel'
Thank you, and yes, all good on my end. I miss you and the gang up north!
Wearing my tam at #GWU commencement makes me feel like a cross between a French painter and the Pillsbury doughboy. :)
Overheard at #OGP2012: "A data portal is a symbol of accountability and transparency." This is dangerous thinking.
Did anyone realize that Kate Upton is 19?? The heck?!
I know alot of people have been raggin on you about your surgery. I think that as long as you dont hurt anyone its your
So many fine girls with leggings in the city today, to bad I'm in school
My school is in the newspaper because my has a failing grade
We just had a free day. Hopefully we go Kayaking again!
It can't go on! It can't go on! What can't go on? This baby's vest ? it's too small for me.
you're welcome :)
Today's #fantasybaseball spot start is nick Blackburn, available in 90% of yahoo leagues. For more fantasy help, check the website.
I gotta get back to 4 services per sunday
Oh yeah, Noceto. My favorite. You remembered!
Lmfao. I love seeing roc at M&G his to funny,
It's official, we've beaten last year's attendance - and we've still got 5 weeks left in this fiscal year - hooray! Bring on the visitors!!
This just in the team over in Lexington is pretty good too !!!!! Might take a look see while you are in the Bluegrass.
Thanks all for your thoughtful responses about the future of the phone, in say 20 years. Passing all that stuff on to the CNN crew.
Waiting for ESM to begin her "Okay, I Got the Neighbors! Now What Do I Do With Them?" presentation. Room's pretty full already.
Breakfast and college football? Yes please! We are open and we've got BOTH.
My obsession is becoming beautiful!
I aint never made money just taking a dump. That's some fucked up shit...I may need to consider a career change
I think within the next two years I will finally be photogenic
how drunk is ?!!
I totally forgot i was on Twitter... D: that's a first
Well Tina, Linda, and Chris know their stuff! Vanilla is eaten the most of al the flavors!
Just watched Showtime sports w/Laurence Taylor - best show I've seen in months! Great!
Goin to the mal
Might go to the mall
Lazy sunday!
i love that i have a guarantee on seeing you at every good show!
made my morning!
ok #saysomethin on repeat
Thx for link to Nola project--amazing installation! Wee chance I'll be there in Nov (have to pick up some things, etc).
Yes, but Hamilton,Henry,King(strong leg) and Mayo all have flashed at least one critical factor to play in the NFL
He could answer that better than I. / Same station: today is covering Dems whining over job numbers.
#mahonefact Austin's biggest dream is to have tour with , don't worry it will come true hun :)) just BELIEVER
I'd rather be at #Fantabuloso than going to work. Stupid work!!
Funny question at #MobileMonday tonight: "What happens if NFC stickers are swallowed / eaten?"
hey haha did it work?
DEVELOPING: Grown man calls names like a child, more to come.
seems like ur feeling a Lil feisty
hey thanks for the love!
Thank you!!! It's been great so far. Come to Old Town tonight!
I'm having a mimosa flavored one now. It's awesome.
Wow. It waits nineteen class meetings before mentioning intervals.
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble
Actually working on an album now. I never got back to u about ur beats man but I didnt write to your beats
y u say i got a spam account thas crazy n weird is ur account a spam account probably is
I see you're giving away The God of Small Things. Did you read it, and if so did you like it?
Yaaay, thanks haha(: you deserve a lot more susbcribers! I hope you get 500 soon :D
Billboard near Fargo: BE POLITE. Shouldn't they say please?
are you? Today is my birthday and I want a gift like that if I could follow would be one of the best gifts for my birthday
Haha, well I'll be there in one week's time!
well, we haven't made our movie debut yet, but keep your eyes peeled for an Oscar-worth game of fetch.
Holy shit! ESPN First Take is now 45 minutes into sucking off/bashing Tim Tebow. Leave the kid alone and talk about something else.
early morning start . video recording, photo shots, and pre rehearsal.. see you soon Athens, GA
Yay! *throws the confetti in the air!* Now we just need and we can have a real party!
I gotta unfollow a few more people
Where did my Maybach go?
a nigga gotta pay u 2 answer da phone
TO THE LLAMA, TO THE WALL
Folding laundry while I break in my new heels. If only I had Turk to do it for me~
in general...
Not bad at al...
Yes! For $15/yr, we'll get free admission, free school field trips & maintain DIA's legacy for our children.
Just watched the Avengers movie trailer - Man, did I love that comic as a kid!!!
Life sucks
PAULA. No Pinterest! Chop chop!
your welcome boo!
Your childhood, sponsored by McDonalds.
you're welcome! Still looking forward to our Mexican date!
If you are going to act like a journalist, tweet like one or start a blog instead.
Hi Brooks, just wanted to introduce myself. I'm a visual designer. Great looking office!
My horoscope isn't 1/2 bad today. Maybe I should try to make the best of it.
Kelis is legitimately one of my heros.
Luck says communicating to both sides of conflict is important
how did it go this morning?
Lol I keep tearing up when I look at that baby. Darn him lol
hahaha you know them ?
good sleepy time tweethearts!
Just saw someone trying to jumpstart there car with a riding lawn mower
ok- u r ok! Thats all. xxoo
Oh my God, this boy literally has his pants belted UNDER the cuff of his azz!!! Why are his boys allowing this?
That was happenin'...I'm going to have to check out more of him!
No you didn't! It wasn't the whole thing!!! Lol. And you didn't like it on Instagram.
Other than a payroll tax hike, how would you "protect" social security and Medicare, Sir?
what brings you to this area of the city?
Missed playing the freeroll by 5 minutes was waiting on Reefer to send account validation, Good luck
stop being on dat nigga tip
Amazing food (duh) by of for the #plazalife event!!
Been absent lately as I took 2nd job, the 1%er who employed hubby got caught w/ hand in cookie jar and job went bye-bye.
Amen, sista wee! That perpetual dumb/wide-eyed expression. Ugh. I can't wait til that show is cancelled five weeks in.
#thelyinggame And how long has Sutton known? Is being a sociopath genetic?
Nordo! Can I still call you that, even though it's not your name anymore? :)
[7 - 1] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 5th inning. Houston Astros 7, Milwaukee Brewers 1
i mean, it was aight... i just thought it just missed slightly what they were going for
Got all your messages. Thanks so much :D
We're located at 3037 N. Broadway across from Chase Bank! We just opened Wednesday!
that's an understatement
Hey you hey it's ranging I look like a wet dog....
RT ": SUPRISE: new #cover coming soon, like this weekend :P"<-- codyiacs hes back #finally :) Cute new avi by the way
You're not alone Tom.
I just realized there's so many hot mexicans at my school (; #choppinnn'it(;
yeah, I did! We're your cousins over not too long ago??
Lol we ll see RT : miss you too T hopefully I get down they're soon to see ya
I never imagined My place I call home, can be such a hell hole to me.....
R.I.P Austin Arnold </3 I didn't really talk to you but you were a great friend to many of my friends. R.I.P
glad to hear that! Good luck :)
good luck with edits and I hope to talk with you next week!
So cool, dude. Congrats, again.
Text Columbus to 82672 for updates from the campaign!
So I may have given myself a concussion by accidentally slamming my head into my towel rod... Now I have to wake up every 2 hrs..
"Nah uh Mr. Jackson!"
How is Limp Bizkit a trending topic?!
how come you didn t come to school today ?
This girl rang me up one time, she says "come over, nobody is home", I went over, no one was home!
#twtbizcard lets try this again
last name luce but I always win!!!
Save me from what I'm going through!
Happy Easter to all our fans!
I love you early Friday weird Milanos.
that was a target purchase in college. I've cream bowls double as German potato salad bowls. :)
opening night of All Through the Night at the 63rd street Y theater
Adam Lambert is the perfect way to start this gorgeous day.
Your song Bezz in the Trap is stuck in maa head <3
Q-How old are you? A-I am 15, 16 March 2 (:
possibe t-shirt time if we can get flowin. kids #ultimateskel right now
After hearing #easierasus, said "yeah, it's about time for a new Room For Squares." Flattered doesn't cover it.
When girls like watching sports>>>
"Value the wiggle."
Dreesen did save Elway's cell number.
Cop me one too please!
YAY!!!! Sign up for the mailing list for lube! :)
: walked in to the office past News Channel 6 van, front door crowded with bleach blonds smoking cigarettes; Sammy Moore's ABC hearing!
Doing great, love the hat, I see your into the holiday spirit.
We have a mutual friend...HOLLY CHASE! Big fan brother!
I couldn't tell...
smh makes all the sense in the world
So, when do they play?
Hopefully i'll be able to clearly hear again.
Follow This Guy is the real deal. Tells it like it is.
- Very cool! =) Thanks a lot! We're trying to do weekly giveaways on there so definitely check it out. Enjoy the game!
Not watching the fight tonight - but got some money on it. Going out with a VERY good friend tonight.
20 piece Chicken Ring from White Castle at 1am. Enough said
It takes two to get one in trouble.
shit I been good just trying to lay low and shit maybe me you and can chill one day man hmu
A girl is complicated
Max Lieberman, I started as Technology Coordinator in February. Hope to tweet some of our own upcoming summer workshops too!
when you get to austin get tacos at torchys it will erase the the awful thoughts of I-35.
back to class in the morning...
I'd love to see Carmelo post up a lot deeper...like on the block or right above. He catches the ball way too far out.
The law seemed to have been written by chavistas to cover their backs, and so far, has +/ double '"justified" killings' in FL.
Hey Kyle - finally a sunny day in Venice Beach. Will you be watching the Champions League match anywhere in the area?
Anything worth doing is worth getting someone else to do
omfg i got a 2 year subscription like 6 months ago Dx
I just saw it! It's so pretty, and so simple. Awesome :)
Change your thoughts, and you change your world
Had so much fun in Atlanta over the last week... Back in Florida now and ready to catch up with my besties & get some beach time in :)
Those are fun...
Donald Driver is one I my all-time favorite #packers . Very happy for that guy.
may I have the country of origin? And could you use it in a sentence?
lunch fail
Back in office , in business mode... LOL i think blah i tried
tyler perry's why did i get high?
No one is home and I'm starving to death waaahhhhh ):
"Like" this post if you are sore from Monday's workout. OUCH!
you set me u for failure by not beating my eggs properly. At least I didn't punch you this time?
Happy Birthday sir Bless you & yours
Thanks for sharing our feature!
get your tix ASAP !! > RT : 2 nights away from hope you got your tickets can't wait to see you all
Joshua Jackson is filming his third-rate-network show "Fringe" outside my window. Is this the best celeb siting NYC has to offer these days?
#ilookedforward to summa.. camping, boating, hanging out w/ friends, roadtrips, etc....
Random Twitter users, follow and un-follow me all you like, it's not going to make me follow you back.
Mad shout out to just that addiction to sexy i can't help it
girls aren't complicated, you just have to learn to pay attention!
Yes big time rush won !!!
Woohoo! We'd love to see pics! RT : So glad that temp tattoos arrived. I might wear one awards
omg yes let go cart
Learning from the past, looking towards the future.
#ItsAwkwardWhen you plan an office birthday celebration and the person does not show up.
The literal hook --> RT The 1 time I said NO, u act like I never said YES
And the Pacers move on!
U.S. Thwarted Al Qaeda Bomb Plot on Plane - predicted on Wings of Love 2/19/12
it would be so awesome when)
Anything that's worth having is worth fighting for...
Absolutely. Great job. RT : Great information in the Q&A with Lance Pierce of
Thanks for the direct link! Much Appreciated!
Its been just over 2 weeks since Austin Mahone tweeted me <3 (;
well said. Either exploiting action or determining the action.
#FF Thank you for following us! Do you have big plans for NYE?
I just saw on the commercial for that new show Duets on ABC. I recognized her by her tattoos!
What I don't love about megabus: the awkward smells and the mother/daughter duo in front of me screaming, I mean talking, about sex.
LOL>>RT : mitt romney is looking forward to the day he can travel on aircraft 1.
cool well i hope you become a fan of Newsick!
usually has instructions in what to do
I know ancient times! stone age and shit! :)
Read Valentine in Two Gentlemen of Verona with last night. So much fun, I forgot to tweet. Thanks to everyone who supported!
TONIGHT ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI! LADIES FREE TILL 11 $10 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21+
HURRY UP AND SHOW THE VIDEO FOR BOYFRIEND <3 <3
My uncle told me to walk to the biggest guy&say"ur on my fuckin barstool"&head butt them.I'm shots deep so I guess lets do the damn thing
Give blood today..the best gift "from the heart" that can save a life.
Turn on (CSpan3) right now to see the History Guys drinking history from a bottle. (burp)
Thanks Spencer!!! I'm in for Mari at noon...might actually get to see you today :)
Want to cry
it's up 2 u to find it
Great, how about you?
And what phone do you have. because i can see it on my phone.
Where my Spanish speaking people at? RT !
my aunt said that it heels by itself
#whitesox hitting coach Jeff Manto and White Sox 3rd basecoach Joe McEwing were both born in Bristol, PA. Imagine that! .
My mother produced, protected, pushed, and shaped me. Her love has been unconditional and inspirational. Thank you.
Now, response from chair Anders Walker. For Gillmer: links betw marriage bans in Wash. & US South? Status of common law marriage?
Took a "me" day. Mani, pedi, movie, took a bath. Time to celebrate life. Cheers!
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! up to 65% off!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Oh! #AvengingSpiderMan looks f'n INSANE good. That teaser OBC on the Marvel books is a great teaser for the book. Well done.
We're excited to have you on board! Hope and you make it all the way to New York for the !
Access to an outlet is definitely a major status symbol. You win.
Working at the library on a snowy Sunday.
ok what sweetie are you texting? I know nothing of this...nothing!!!! tell me tell me TELL ME
Oh, I love it and can't wait to see them. (Last year it was tiny dot/circle patterns.) Did you join last year too?
where's my snugglebunny????
But I don't mind groupies & knowing the truth how people feel, live to achieve success and make money
Follow mee ppl gotta get these #'s up :)
ya gotta be in it to win it: #Pinterest grew from 5,000 users in August 2010 to 17 million in April 2012.
About to board flight home from #ala11 - sadly, couldn't get any of the restaurants to fit inside my luggage
Back on 'Words With Friends', feel free to add me if you're up for it: m.m.farooqui
Skip Bayless on LBJ- "Like a good neighbor state farm is there, with a clutch gene!" lmfao
SARINNE. IM GONNA CRY. IM COMING. INVITE ME.
Seriously? That's crazy.
I'll be plastering pics everywhere. You won't be able to miss it if you just pop on fb or something. :P
Great to hear on WYPR show. Mike is a great representative of pent-up excitement in Bmore innovation community
Right now Drew is in his underwear watching old episodes of Whose Line. Copy Government handler? Over. *squawk*
#theburiedlife book invented swag.
One more week.....
what time do u work?
I'm a one woman man...
seeing Charles Barkley in a dress for a Weight Watchers commercial is probably one of the most horrific things I've ever seen.
2nd part of project provides interesting and rare focus on workers behind the org.
I really need to go to the tanning bed but I don't wanna hear my daddy gripe when I get back.
we need you guys back.in out lives!!
I hate when a girl acts super dingy because she thinks it's attractive.
I feel like you're the last person alive on Twitter. No? ;)
Chicago bound! Chhheeyyeahh!
Totally LOL'd on that one RT : Never argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Congratulations to the New York Giants for the Superbowl.
Thanks for the tips.
it's ok nick already dropped it lol he was a champ & ate all 3. It was disgusting! Snail, frog, goat and mystery
sharpening up my BJJ for the Miami Open on Oct. 22nd.
Embiggen is a perfectly cromulent word
Hee hee. ": Those celebrating Earth Day should know the earth is celebrating People Era. That celebration is almost over."
Brent is cool. But Kozel? Yeah i guess
absolutely. Keep me posted?
Besides poster board and stick retailers, who rakes in the cash when protest time comes?
Did you get the earlier note? Send your interest/ideas to . Thanks!
Jesus has risen and we on earth have been granted a new beginning. Happy Easter everyone.:)
I love your twitter pic
Listening to Astor Piazzolla while Jan reads Julian Barnes. Nice Saturday afternoon.
Please welcome adamandstevesto to the Max life
then its not very elite is it?
ahaha you would RT that dirty talking one cause that's what you like to do best poopie face(;
The hardest part is deciding on which way to go. After that, it's just a matter of staying on the path. I wouldn't mind a road map, though.
How about a little solidarity between Rice University and USF? I'll bet we both used Public Radio Capital to sell KTRU and KUSF..
Ponder just breathed a sigh of relief
Sad day, my bf isn't here :(
you played great sir... it was an honor to be on the sidelines with you
me too where are you :(?
Wild Thursdays is the only place to be!!!
Leggings are not pants.
- Less than 48hrs until 2011 Shoot To Cure Event. Can't wait ;)
Hey i know that kid! Doesn't he go to our school? Haha jk!
Whitney Houston is gone, now how about we get rid of the "whitney" TV show while the name is trending
#arlington speedtrap at George Mason and 10th St heading towards Wilson!
Shout out to for keeping us posted on the status of the referendum!
Peach Cutoff and redbull... Yeah... I think I got a new drank. This shit good AF....
are you taking Valium? If you are like me, that made everything worse.
"GOP Rep: Federal Student Loans Have Given America 'Stage 3 Cancer Of Socialism'" #huffpost Maybe this guy can get Stage 4
This outward Spring and garden are a reflection of the inward garden.-- Rumi
I need to get studio time and a model before friday. ugh
Really don't want to vacuum my room. Though I know I should.
ok so fuck everybody and all ur ideas ...Fresh lol
Check out "Quest" mode on #GoogleMaps... Makes the map look like an old video game... Guess that's their #AprilFools joke
Google refine is very useful for dealing with messy spreadsheets. Who knew? Thanks
So if i go to NYC and go to your favorite store and buy a shirt and send it to you,you'll Love me forever?
Thank you! Let's home this keeps taking on steam! :-)
love all of you I just ordered a Alexander Wang fur for Xmas perfect gift!
oh well we will be fashinable late (;
Join the club! I have like ten books I need to read...
Ha! Me, too. RT : IF I HAD ANY MONEY I WOULD BUY STUFF LIKE NOW!
We want the graphic!
hey doll, how are you?
RT : Checkout the and booth #548 at the
when fake justin accounts follow me <<<<<<<
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
Non-profits partner us and have jewelry custom made for your cause! Ciao Bella has partnered with CASA-Pittsburgh, Race for cure 2 name few
Dear #Netflix is trending today. Netflix has lost two of my DVD's recently. Higher prices = better customer service?
Today is the day that the lord has made let us rejoice and be glad in it because it is Valentine Day where us the love
like North County Fire, their PIO is an engineer/paramedic, though his primary duty is public interfacing.
OMG LIFE IS A HIGHWAY AMAZING SONG OMG
Even with butter or gravy?
Maybe you can help me interpret this report? Should we schedule a webex training for me? cc:
holy. moly. wow. :) I love #thevoice's #teamceelo with that win for the night.
good morning marianne, do you think donald will win
Some of my amazing followers should talk to me(:
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't miss it. I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches.
what's it on
photo was take on main st just north of william.
:/ babe its ok
"His manner is politely pleaseant and compliant but w/ distant amiability of indifference."- MORE STATELY MANSIONS
A bit startled to discover has 63 followers, despite no updates ever. Patient friends: will tweet some steve news soon.
omg that really bothered me last night:)!!! Haha I couldn't stop talking about it
Packing for Miami...anything new on your radar down there???
True victors in life are those who, enduring challenges & setbacks, have the roots of their being to a depth that nothing can shake them.
I Wish You Would Call me & Tell me you wanna be with me, i wanna hear you tell me youu need me../: <3 iLove You, <3 u.u
Country musicians use concert to help Ky storm victims
I'll tweet you champ :D
Are you serious! My text was saved in my drafts for an hour and a half! Oops! Lol
To go tanning or to not go tanning..hm
Weekly Ketchup: I Am Legend Director for Catching Fire? This week's Ketchup includes new movies based on TV's The Rockford Files , the Di
Watching True Grit currently. Forgot how much Jeff Bridges is the man.
dont worry about it worry focus on your day :) be happy is what i'm telling you :)
Just let me eat my dinner!
Females That Are Drama Queens & Hype Monsters (Meaning They Hype Everything) < <
i been 5'10 for like for 3 years already i didnt grow a inch lhh
At the same damn time! At the same damn time! At the same damn time!
Where is my shirt? ugh lol
I think I have a test today.... Idk if its cambridge or ap
Daaammnn.. i knew yall had this one for sure...
o Hell naw..they ugly
I've gone to so many shows that they all no me well not really TJ but yea
Drunk texting in not the answer.... Right?
monovision. Worked for me for a while. Demand crisp vision so have progressive lens glasses. Good luck!!!
i hate you too.
I hadn't written good html in ages. I hope it rendered ok. Go Inman Next :)
2 squares pizza and a really good apple might be the most perfect breakfast ever.
Who? What? When? Where?... The four musts in life to know the truth.
You're telling me! The rain/hail that came down would have hurt so bad
Hahaha you're good at all!
Pins and needles in my butt
I like just about anything more than those two douche-nozzles. JC at least takes itself seriously.
Laugh at Google's Duplicate Content Ban when You Discover
my 25 text votes (and I am not exaggerating) for Joshua paid off!
Want 10% off froyo? Show us that you checked in to U-Swirl on Foursquare & we'll give it to ya! Mayors get 25% off. It pays to check in!
IMO poor on uthoff to say "I wanna transfer" with no explanation to a coach/team who wasted time on him, that's what Bo seems to want
Saying "Oh yeah" when in reality you're saying "What the fuck is he saying!?"
Can't wait for the medieval fair tomorrow!
My favorite is the Calimocho! Can't beat Coke and red wine.
whoosh, ran a 7 min mile after a full body work out, I feel Great !
I love the change in seasons and the cool crisp air in Boston this evening ...
Movin some furniture around uptown! and
Now I'm just sad.
I just bought a new pair of New Rocks yesterday so I'm ready! See if he's Djing cuz Jez is coming to town!! woo!
Good point. I mean that the resulting apparent pixel size should be about 19-21px. But good call on the ems.
Rams broke through...whatever..
Better wear a latex 'cause you don't want that late text that i think i'm late text - Weezy
Sarah Palin looks really attractive in her 5" heels, but she should never be allowed to open her f'n word hole. Ever. Ugh.
Headed to my kitchen on the water this morning! I feel so blessed!!!
Had to go look at the book... I love the series title. "Myths Behaving Badly." :D
One more website will be launched today.. Stay tuned!!! A small hint...Cruises, Catalina Island and ocean.. :)
North Korea's missile launches were duds. They should have saved all that money and help feed their peeps instead
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide 7
fingers crossed!
Zac Lane is a lieing fucking asshole and I wish more then anything I could kick him in the nuts so hard I break my boot.
What are the ingredients for a perfect day?
well good job Lauren
And its still fuck you nigga
simultaneously playing pool, listening to 90s music, watching a red sox game and a funeral
No texting go straight to sleep now! ;)
Went to school to be a teacher, ended up in journalism. Still not quite sure how that happened.
Wishes everyone a safe and successful New Year!
Which one I ask. I am always looking for talent
Welcome to Twitter! Hope to see you next week! xx
The one night I'm able to sleep in and I wake up at 5:30am!
might go see chris saturday ..
Best sushi on 30A created by Chef Easterly
Good Morning loves, on my count down 2 more hours of work and im out this jam ;)... Have a blessed day everyone :*'s
I don't care how old I am, I still like cartoons =)
I Lovee Youu , and Even Though You Might Never Notice Me ,I'll Never Give Up! #Angel <333
ugh I can't find it.
Thank you to all who came out for last night's 1st of 3 "Q.E.D." at the MAK Center at Schindler House!
Our sales and marketing committee is meeting at Staybridge Suites tonight! We love having meetings next to the river!
can u plaese fallow me back pleasee :)
epic it shall be!
We are getting an exciting new shipment tomorrow...any guesses you may just get carried away!
It's #talktometuesday Feel free to ask me anything and I will answer all questions. Or say hi to me or something.
GO To A FREE sign up to 20% discounted organic foods! Sign up now limited time offer! www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
Paddle Raise Auction for the kids...
good to run into you just now. Yeah, movies, juicing, bbq soon!
I'm still tripping over the fact that a burglar is caught asleep on someone's couch watching " America's Dumbest Criminals" LOL
Drinking an Apothic Red (very good under $10.) with & while watching Colbert.
last tweet ah excited on repeat!!!!!!!!
Thank you for the nice comment. I look forward to sharing info with you.
Prosperity is a great teacher; adversity is a greater. William Hazlitt
Google #chrome I think these font issues you are having are pushing us apart...I think we should take a break from each other, sorry :(
Help us ninja!!!
Boca BeerFest next Fri. night! 100+ beers +wine. See Audio Heist, The Ever After, & A New Way To Live Forever. Get ur tix now.
The TwoUnionSq team perfectly executes stellar c. service- even when the line is endless. Well done.
Finally going home had a long day now later going to hit the gym to look good for my co workers. Right Olga, Roseli,Cinthia, Yeilin, Valeria
i know its crazy
Just got home from the fun spot :D EPIC
sure! I've got a few errands to do in the morning, but I'll definitely be by with it before lunch.
happy thirteenth shorty. Less than 24hrs after I met you I told my mother ''I found the girl I'm going to marry.'' Here we are still at it.
Astros to the AL West?! Guess I'll have to find another NL team to root for. DH is not baseball.
You can flunk school now but 10 years later when popularity doesnt count anymore and the real world steps in, youll regret tring to act cool
is eagerly awaiting to hear about her new phone from the WWDC.
I am looking forward to the release of Russ Aimz' "Rock Dog Revolution" cd. It has been a pleasure to create cd cover art for this album.
There is a very large wild turkey in the parking lot of this office building. I'm scared out of my mind.
Hi Kate! Here @ #Bumbershoot too for #hall&oates How r u?
Looking forward to tonights rare shared practice where 2 of my kids are on the ice at the same time! :)
Gonna be a big day!
oh man can I try this?
Studies show that obese people eat too much.
wait so i didnt do my hw? that was a dream? WAT
q1) Also us helping them be part of the team
Terminal cancer <<< anything else.
so easy & fun, you'd make bank doing that for sure
Morgan Freeman is the best!
I never would have known had you not tweeted me, even after you brought me a glass of wine
Exciting news! adds #ICT degree program, campus, tech center in Rwanda cot.ag/rb5JKH MT
well, im going to sleep NIght everybody. Remember #NEVERSAYNEVER luv all my family<3
Raining in la kinda nice once in a while:-)
no way .. I'm in Pensacola
If you thought you were needed, You were wrong...
#coe2012 It was great speaking with you all at this year's Council of Executives. #Goodwill innovates!
MT : . & I will be debuting our new cover of "Somebody That I Used to Know" by Gotye tonight at !
Really hit the spot. Be back soon.
Happy Monday all! Have a great week!
ha. Ty man!
So much drama. I seriously hate it. Today i'm just gonna chill.
Loved it! - can't wait for Season 2 to start!
I cant wait to get off work. I been yawning!!!
get well soon :):) just don't do anything crazy Lol ;P
Fl. State. U have got to be kidding me...
Starting "Building Digital Libraries" course today. Soon I can tweet about computer projects like all the cool kids
I LOVE Starburst jellybeans!
Rick Perry and Mitt Romney have an awkward argument while never losing their perma-grins: Drink 6.
Who has a shirt with their name on it? This man. *points in the mirror*
That Halftime show was so reductive...
Swimming is such a good workout..
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com you have to register to gain full access to all the live games enjoy!!!
love gt fish. My favorite is a glass of old money and the shrimp and foie
Ladies, your HAIR, or your HEALTH??
Every woman deserves a man that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
Hell yeah !! <3
Which documentary is that? I love the NYPL.
Haha! I watched MY niece (4 years old) do the same thing,twice,a couple of days ago.not very "interesting" but still instructive.
Welcome international guests, one being pres of the canadian teachers federation
it's amazing how successful yelp is at turning people into pompous pricks.
Goodness-they said that eyesight would start to decline after 40 & SURE ENOUGH!Ugh! Now I need "readers"Good thing I love glasses!
#kced 1 or 2 free drinks for peeps who come to trivia. BOOYAH
Thought Nimoy said he was retired (Astrid better not be dead)! Next week will either be brilliant or pathetic. *fingers crossed*
lil late to get the day started
Thanks for being a part of our TacoTuesday, sir!
Thanks for dining with us! Looking forward to more sunshine ... & food on the patio!
She smile wit a gorgus face yeah it recognized at times
Mane im stuck!
Just 90 mins left to take advantage of our deal. $125 of services for just $50!!! Save 60%!!!
Seeing Wrath of the Titans tomorrow with <3
Just Need Rest Angel.:))
your so lucky I wish I could go to sleep but its only 550 here a d im exhausted!-.-
Dear Little Caesar's, thanks for the Cold and Was Ready Hours Ago.
The weather in #Boston is great and the field is boring at best. Sorry #PGA but I would rather go watch grass grow than #Golf :(
Lovely day
It feels like spring outside.
WOW.... well that sucks if you're rooting for the Caps like me. Joel Ward just killed a HUGE opportunity for his team.
Husband's strong as an ox, but screams like a little girl when it comes to spiders.
Coolest holiday party gift: whiskey stones. Who knew whiskies had stones that big?
>ICONic Boyz : favorite kind of chips and favorite sonq rite now?Please tell them to give me a shoutout :Bethel from Chicago.
love this place!
OMG - He is adorable!
mcdonalds breakfrast goes nice with a hangover..
woohoo, i am so excited!I expect a personalized message on my complimentary signed poster ;D i tease,i tease.it'd be cool tho!
It's not just the ladies.. is another celeb who will never starve himself to look good for a part again... Kudos to him!!
Rare to see celebs NOT on Twitter. Looked for Spike Jonze & Karen O (Where The Wild Things Are) tweets on Maurice Sendak death, to no avail.
awhhhhhhhh c: hah. dude. i think im going to cry if i cant go :(( i miss you guys!!
Up The ARSE!
In bed comfy as fuck but I forgot to turn off my light kill me
I feel ya on that one! And with almost 5 year old twins, we go through a lot of clothes everyday!!
My ring finger is green and the rest are a neutral pink.I'm a spring Person xD Seen that tip on your tumblr :)
Tryna go to chipotle after work
Its Greener on this side no need 2 Rake :)
Behance is such a great source for inspiration. Some incredible portfolios.
And me. And Noel Crane.
this morning!!! This morning!! Hahaha
completly inlove with :D their songs on repeat all day:)
If you have no enemies, find a way to make them
I Think This Sucks Ass ... GoodNight` To Nobody
Damn, what was I about to Tweet?!
Omg where do they get the people who try out for X factor
thank you, sir!
with his overuse of the word
RT : "etiquette is what you do when everyone is watching, what you do when no one is watching is called character."
I love I am currently chillin in the meet & greet line with her, (:
plz follow my good friend you might even get a woof woof after all it is wednesday
Dude. Jeans aren't "business casual." What kind of *business* is that? Lemonade stand? It's just "casual."
Supernatural with my momma. :)
I just said to someone: "I can't wait to get done writing about flu so I can start researching bed bugs." Yeah, I'm great at parties.
When I got the mail out of the mailbox, I was halfway up my driveway, &my 7 yr old sis made me put it back so she could go back and get it.
Thanks for the followback!
that's called reverse psychology.
Tomorrow will be Columbus&76th :)Come by for tasting& Free samples!:)...It's going to be a great day, and I will bring TABOULEH!
For the love of God...please stop the commercials. I promise to buy the majority of my presents at Target if you do.
yep. I am no longer green ... Whatever that means!! : )
Belly dance to good health
Preparing to take the stage in Winter Garden, Florida
I have some wonderful new followers. Thanks everyone!!
Someone please call Molly.
Do you have the link for the interview?
I'm proud to support my alma mater for this years Race for A Cure Against Breast Cancer on Sat. May 21st at Comerica Park
i love flan. just not. this. minute.
i spotted him first :) lol
We still are. He's with me every day. If I only knew then... :)
check out the "Best of 2010" photo albums on my FB page. Cool shots, great people...
" Make like a tree and leave "
I wish, its still Wednesday here in California...LOL
crayola's are the best! i love how they smell too!
DE PERE, Wis. (AP) -- Police discover 4 bodies of family members in Wisconsin home; murder-suicide suspected
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? - Benjamin Disraeli
Forgot how good The Myriad was.
#NP Armada Weekly Podcast, Episode 72
Doing Well! Have a benefit tonight for clean water in Africa. Excited to do good and party at the same time!
Cust knocks in 1! Still no outs, runners on corners.
Bartending at Infusion Lounge in San Fran tonight. Stop by and say hi!
likewise! great meeting everybody, see ya next week!
So hollywood ran out of ideas and made a movie about a game. What's next Chutes and Ladders?
me too
Ya got ta understand Trick love da kids....Trick love a kids
"On my journey home" my new handbook coming our soon! Guiding the C/G thru a end of life event!
EVERYONE! will be playing with HE IS WE on july 1st! whoever wants or needs tickets contact us please! <33
Gotta put the support out for my city...#memfood headed down with a check!
coke zero. Thinking cream soda might be a safe choice.
I'm good. Just working a lot, when is the next time yall gonna be in the studio
you would be well within your right. I'm still trying to see what's apropos for tweeting since leaving TV & coming to WSDOT.
HA! I'll think of something! Good to hear you had great workouts!
trying to get you to follow me. What do you say handsome? Hmm :)
Word. I was just wondering. You're a babe regardless.
sometimes simplicity is called for!
My mom uses mothers day as an excuse to get me to garden with her...
Call the popo!
Frickin BBQ joints! I'll show ya BBQ!
The DMV is pure torture
no doubt
Mike McQueary, still coaching on Saturday.
RT : The quickest way for a parent to get a child's attention is to sit down and look comfortable. (Lane Olinghouse)
OMG I'M SO EXCITED, IT'S SNOWING OUT!!!!!! :)
I'm very grateful to all of our loyal customers-both returning and new-for helping us succeed over the years to receive this award.
What would you do if you found Austin in your room?? ;)
learning about emos - 11 yr old brought it up last night
that is a serious costanza, I like it
#escaperoutes is a pioneer of
On the Ave: Drunk girl "what if I was a man?!" Drunk guy to me "very nice"
Thanks for the shout-out! We're super pumped about our undergraduates' incredible work.
Congrats to for finally joining twitter ! The Voice of the WWE now tweets !
Thank you!!! Hes my baby with fur. Lol! :-) Very proud mother! :-)
Welcome to the Industrial Information Age, with the pipes, pumps and repetitions of daily duties more subtle...and all the more insidious.
row GA4* Section GA*
. + + = The Tres Amigos of my Twitter stream.
Retro hackers! I like that. XD
I'd like cooler wx in Florida
I've actually postponed my blog being available to public - maybe in a week, I'm not sure. Sorry! <3
Watch the Floor my signature phrase for the past 4 years but the question is where at on the floor????
your a cutie!(:
Speaking to Public Humanities Grad Students about #altac and #digitalhumanities at noon. Any suggestions from those in the museum world?
Q4: as often as possible. last weekend the my grandsons and i made deviled eggs
Twitters something else man i got my Ass handed 2 me. I should took my Ass off & put in my hand like Dam
Romney says mothers should be required to work outside the home in order to receive benefits. Too bad that's been federal law since 1996
Flyers talk about Game 4 loss
The muffin scene is one of the great heights of comedy. The degrees of imagination, play and seriousness are all shocking.
looks good...hungry now
Loving the baby animals on Jimmy Kimmel
When you're tired but you can't sleep..
is the dumbest girl in the world....
be different. #change. Hahahaha. Get it?
If you lose focus on what is right in front of you and don't stay in the moment, you will lose that which you are "sparring".
LOL. it's in the fine print, we just unfortunately haven't been able to hire anyone who has mastered the dark side lolol
Me too. If it isn't a live sporting event I am not watching ESPN. Period!
twitpic? Not on fb homey
SAC website! sac.georgetown.edu
Not enjoying the weather today, but looks as If it's going to be nice later on in the week.
This is how I know google plus sucks. MCA is getting nearly no love on that shitty network.
Good morning! Join us for Group Reformer or PULSE at 8:30 and BOSU at 9:30...three great classes to help you start your day!
Thanks for the follow and
waiting for Book Cart Drill to start at 4pm Hall D
Listening to ELdersky
their parents are BABIES
Que Viva Puerto Rico!
well think about it, the class is super hard. DONT STRESS!
This chick at Euro tan is really pretty. I can't get over it. I feel like I'm staring..
Thaanks Pauline fer comming by . Had a good time , dyed her hair and she brought me hair stuff . Lool
Tamagotchi, we aren't rain dancing again, okay?
is so beautiful :)
Case study in the Journal of AAPOS highlights need for vigilance
Woot. got an interview to continue work at my current place of employment.
You need a guy who will see you wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, "damn you look beautiful.
Sounds like fun! :) Debating on whether or not I should take a shower...Hmm...x
These random ass numbers
SmogCheck We're open M-F 8am-5:30pm Sat. 8am-3pm call if you have any questions or would like to make an appointment 951-247-0557
I'm really thinking bout joining bike club
Fuck im tired.
#ff next week at !
Tomorrow is our first "Agency Appreciation Luncheon" from 11:30-1 in the AE England building. Thanks to all for their help w/ our students
What a productive day today. We look forward to some great things happening in the near future. We will be making some announcements soon!
but I already followed and subscribed to you..
you hang in there
It's the weekend, remember to watch out for the other guy.Be safe.
Thanks Mary! It almost sounded like I knew what I was talking about!
manager of brandi williams,,is there any way I can send you some of her work
does it have a hitch for the Turnbow dome?
#writingsurvey How early do you wake up to start your creative process? Please RT!
Shoutout to -----> Go follow right now. Xo
shouldnt you be in bed asleep? :p
I don't doubt that AaronRogers is good, but until he has 2 SB titles talk is cheaper than skank trying to get a nut. GO GIANTS
Prayers and good warm thoughts for you and him...xo
If the Kings win the Cup, I am drinking myself into oblivion.
What would you think if we could include Nike in our 2012 Camp schedule?
ayo how was Toronto?
Apr 27,1942: Churchill informed of difficulties in building Tank Landing Ships, essential for any invasion plans.
exactly. Have you read THE GOOD AMERICAN yet? It is the fiction bk I read this year for which I had the same feeling at the end
#Pittsburgh, I was on vacation for a week! What'd I miss?! Did any of you come see us at the event this past Saturday?
on the road i thin @
We hope you come visit us this summer! Did you know we've relocated over to the Power Plant, right near the aquarium?
Invited some friends over to "watch the fight" which is code for me trying to not die from laughter when Eli kills it on SNL.
Sitting in the backyard, enjoying good conversation with good friends. Cool breeze is blowin'...it's been a great day. Good night, friends..
Now people want what the movie was about, which is violent comedy
Alright fb friends, Broken Crown would like to know what your favorite st. Paddys day drink is? Go
At the GeniusBar in Smith Haven. Will the #apple geek live up to the moniker? I need an RME. No more fixes.
One way to gauge activity is by how many current chemical toilet rentals you have.
Grrr why am I up so early #stupidnick oh well seems like a gym and thrifting kinda day :-)
"Make decisions from the heart & use your head to make it work."
Others have tweeted hist. events, such as 150th anniv. of civil war. Dont know who'd do it but it would be great to follow 2/2
Word of the day: Gumption
As pointed out by , Jerry Reese doesn't just ignore #Giants' needs. RB was greater need than WR, even with Hill there.
Class of 2012 it's not to late to take your Senior Portraits. Contact us at to book your session today!!!
Morning! Hope you have a great day
RT if your gonna go to the born this way ball
The IAP Crafts Panel is now reviewing the FINAL application of the day: # 130189 Sean G.
If I bust the donkament I'll play
Thank you...appreciate prayers as we prepare-going to be emotional for us, especially Macy seeing him 1st time in nursing home.
another video from that boy NOT
Go to Macy's in the Galleria. They have ridiculous formal ware sales this time of year!
Homework assignment for new librarians looking for work: make 2-3 coffee dates per week with other librarians to learn about their paths.
All my cloud data is AES 256 because I'm fucked up like that and I read about the en ess a
Are you editing it or is that back there doing it?
please contact so we can figure out what us going on.
I'm riding in the parade too. Can't wait to see you there
thank you for following
It does not matter if you are rich or poor. People are still going to talk about you. Might as well get rich!
Damn!!! The Clippers game!
OMG the season finale is already awesome. I can't believe they were in a plane accident!
Feeling stressed? Come in 4 a therapeutic massage to get relaxed and ready for the weekend. Go to www.massagedc.com 4 your $10 off coupon.
No never try to paint an abstract interpretation of your love for me.
we tha best!!!
Camping? Did you have good weather?
For every tweet #AustinWeLoveYou i get 1$ for the cancerfund to help my grandpa and others with this desease
Been=even
Just replenished epic cookies at ... there are samples too while they last!
who reads books?
Thanks for following ! Great to meet a fellow ILL-er!
Cheap Trick "Surrender" or Fleetwood Mac "Tusk" live version
Haha, that's awesome. Wroten's fouls in the final minute evened out a lot of the officiating...
Heading into the Holiday season we wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving, Holiday greetings and Happy New Year.
Meeting the late, great #JamesMoody and him saying, "Laura! Are you the face in the misty night, baby?"
I thought Arizona or Miami but he was quick to shut them both out ha
Why not?
thank u Tangie
If you guys are talking about what I think you're talking about, she was there Saturday. Did you see (or hear) her?
The greatest wealth is health
Reminds me of SPalin nomination man-on-street reaction "I love her-she sounds just like girls at the corner shop"
what music do you like?
MUD Coffee
Both teams are real hungry. They are going after every rebound, every loose ball, throwin themselves to the floor. Good game.
we got you homie. We're working on setting the date now and it will definitely be after June 11th. Hold it down in Norway fam!
I should be asleep but......
I love you.
Even tho niggas hate on he is a real ass dude never lie or gave a female bs I got mad love for u my dude im a fool for letn u go
It helps if you bend your knees while lifting, too. RT : Lesson learned. Lift with legs, not with back.
Hahahaha #NAKEDatDENNYS is trending more than The Avengers right now.
. Hey, thanks -- door's always open!
may have to have regular segment of "Uncle Greg"
great show at the Smithsonian today!
Put my whole damn head in it!!!
Rondo's little "chest bump" was WEAK!! If you watch you can clearly see that he stepped on the refs shoe and "kinda" tripped on him...
Hail to the Thief is underrated. Sometimes you want OK Computer, sometimes Kid A. But sometimes you want them blended into a smoothie.
Our new video will be freshly posted on Youtube sooner than later today!! We'll have it linked to the page! Thank ya'll for the support!!
I'm an animal lover, can't say the same for the K girls though. (I refuse to type their name and give them more hits).
good luck!! Im sure youll do fine
I've watched about 3 mins of #TheVoice and I'm already hooked! Who else is watching?
It is not joy that makes us grateful. It is gratitude that makes us joyful
You are too sweet!
yea just landed
These niggas trippin to yall? The straight to me.
Welcome Christine, michael and kara!
Working on very different design in lavender, eggshell white and silver. Think lady buccaneers- having a really good, swashbuckling time!
yes I am...can I come to you and get it this evening sometime?
The man has not been born who can invent a popular tax. [1945]
M Krystals.......my old and missed friend
If it wasn't O's season yet, the Terps just made it official. Not even watching the game at Bro J's could pull them through.
I`m missing my first softball game this saturday . UGHH But Family comess first so
yes I did, need some help?
What do you put in yours?
Google Law: an open and easily searchable law database that would empower citizens to be their own lawyers
St ides mixed berry! Ol skool!!!
"I was given so much more than what was taken away from me"
that had to be one of the most attractive tweets ever lol
#iftheworldendssaturday, SO F'ING WHAT? You won't notice any difference, trust me...
Im falling apart by the second.
me too
I always get seriously depressed when school let's out
True: Same disadvantage as being on wsop.com Internet tables this summer
Two devoted and loyal people with the faith that anything and everything is possible = soulmates
Just two kids, stupid and fearless.
congratulations to you both!
Manning got hit hard.
As i pulled in he flared his feathers out like he was pissed about something. I don't want to get in the mix with this turkey. :-/
Protocol Most auditions are blown before the actor starts speaking.
I called you earlier?! :o
It's so nice out today. I love it
Thanks for following.
Rest In Peace.... Linda Bernice Henderson.... with much Love my thoughts an prayers are with u bro.
Lol. Oh wow! We need to get office jobs together boo!!
I'm more likely just to read the top.
Not sure what it'll cost, or what you need to do? Ask around. Get quotes from reputable studios or designers. Give yourself some time.
tomorrow is the day. It's in God Hands now. Im ready tho!
they need a TE
Im bouta gone get up
I'll come down tomorrow for more tips - only got as far as twitter tonight
Uh Chris Perez, aka Kenny Powers, could NOT throw a strike. Why are you swinging 2-0?
Here we go again
Some people act like it's there first day.on earth every day.....
Liverpool make it 2-1 Manchester City, courtesy of a ridiculous penalty decision .
RIP Elizabeth Taylor
good to see you yesterday!
RIP Levon Helm, the man who sang my favorite song.
I know you have a girlfriend, but i still appreciate a public boob check.
Carrying a typewriter weighing 50kilos from the depths of Brooklyn all the way home at 8.30 in the morning in the rain
Aolani if u don't stop
We will also be giving out a limited number of copies of our #ROC rental market guide! Grab one at #ImagineRIT or #ROCLandlordExpo at #MCC!
Chiefs fired Todd Haley today. I wonder if he'd like a job as a QB coach? Wait Ive seen Palko throw, maybe not after all
Test tomorrow!
Thanks for coming out! What was your fave?
Right on point #in RT ": The 3 A's of metrics (and Data) Actionable, Auditable, Accessible. #bizforum"
Thanks for the #ff mention Cheers to you from the band and
what's up
Scumbag Move by Phil Martelli for sure, funny how no philly writers or have said ANYTHING. COVERUP 4 A BUDDY
The zombies still haven't attacked...i guess they gave up
It sure reinforces my divorce from paper to find out my 8 long boxes of comic books from the last 20 years are worth about $25.
Thanks so much, excited!
Kim Kartrashian and Richie are shooting a #doritoscrashthesuperbowl commercial! YeeeeHaw!
Gotta hand it to Arroyo. Amazing comeback. 8 straight outs after that 3 run bomb
[LIVE TWEET] Science and Policy beyond the Linear Model.
I have an extra SFBIG party ticket if you want to use it let me know.
The road to success is always under construction.
People say girls are attracted to guys who are like their fathers. Not me. The guys I date call me back.
LA today was like a milder version of Pompeii circa the Mt. Vesuvius eruption: light ash and pyroclastic surges.
The first tenet of guilt-driven development is to use words strong enough to make the listening party feel as guilty as you need them to.
are you afraid of heights? Have a good nite! Be safe out there! :)
RT : One of our amazing students is finishing up a summer "project" rowing a boat from FL to NJ. W.Rocktheboatforautism.org
I was at game 5 of the ECF when they won 3-0. Last game they'd win that year. Just devastating.
Please Read this! I LOVE Your Voice its So Beautiful!! I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!
Getting ready to #Denver with youtu.be/Fp0Y_XCHUbY
I'm super happy. :) you?
Oh! I love new car smell! Enjoy!
Oh my goodness! What is this? A cupcake newsblog thing? I LOVE IT! Tell me more!
Reading Beyond Good and Evil....great piece of philosophy..very much recommend it!
there's a Loteria Grill on Sunset I think also.
The website is coming along great! All dealerships will be adding their information this week.
Let us know when you get it and what you think!
Speaking this morning on San Diego Hospitality Industry panel. Tourism & conventions generate over 150,000 jobs in San Diego
You are really my Best Friend <3
if you follow I would be so amazingly happy! Your a great singer! Write songs? I'll help(: follow mr pls(:
are winning, and our guest just got here, its Michael Lahoud!
Nice so when you starting the backup dancing?
Ahh, being single is pretty straight. I'm content. Does get a little lonely sometimes tho.
SO IT IS SATURDAY NIGHT I JUST GOT MY NEW CADDY MY MOM CALL IT GHOST WHY IT'S COCAINE WHITE ON GIOVANNIS 22'S SHOULD I STUNT OR WHAT YEAH
Who's coming out to tonight? 6PM at Don't Know Tavern, Fed Hill!
Thank you to The Faint for providing the soundtrack for my speedy mile wake up. Woo!
You are great. Seriously. Great.
ham &amp; cheddar stuffed pretzel calzones - Girl Versus Dough
i need some sleeping pills i need to be awake for my new job in the morning
worse case scenario. It will grow by $26 million if the mid year cuts occur and are ongoing, not just one-time.
won todays game of naruto storm (=
Huge congratulations !
Hey wait you're not
and no on Craig Counsell. He reminds me of George Strait
studying time
Oh yeah! Kreayshawn is hosting VMAS! #BestFemaleRapper I don't care, that barbie bitch. :)
#YoungDoyleBrunson over here
Duh is awesome! And so is
75 feels good
I'll be able to vote for the #SAGAwards soon!
I'm good... Sweating my nuts off, its still 100 here at 7:20pm.. How you doing?
Trying to do our transaction in Spanish at the ATM >>
Good times catching up with old friends.
Yes! Strange, spooky, and very well executed. I liked it much.
Noodles & Co NEW Fishers restaurant, open hiring tomorrow from 10a-12p, 8654 E 96th St, Outgoing? Energetic? Enthusiastic? Apply in person!
hanging with tori and tomrrrow after school.! woop woop going to be fun!
Welcome to the danger zone. Step into the fantasy. You are not invited to the other side of sanity.
RT : High Heat & Humidity - stay hydrated - what you TODAY will help later this week - hydrate, hydrate, hydrate
Judicial activism=Creating new law to fit the desired outcome (e.g., Roe v. Wade) versus basing the outcome on Established LAW.
Tonight is my quoting night ;) 1. Baby you light up my world nobody else - one direction
love you too.<3 you're amazing.
My daughter is going on your AWB to the Negev this winter. Great program! Toda raba and L'Shana Tova!
About 20 or 30 office pools have come through the doors in the past couple days, we expect to be bombarded tomorrow #Mega1/2Billion!
Q:Single most important step we can take to support #education? A: Families w/ advice &
I would like to introduce Payline Data to your company. Check us out!
looks like someone needs a
I turned on MLB Network, and the same episode of quick pitch is on from last night...
Looking forward to a warmer spring this year.
Lucroy, wait for a good one.
Have a box of Kleenex nearby if u'r watching the tv show parenthood!! Good stinkin' night!
The grass always looks greener on the other side.........you still falling for that BS
i have asian-ish eyes.
Kim Kardashian says: Dating football players is 'really hard'
You can win a bag of samples by joining the party Dougie!
Come for drinks after turkey! We open at seven
We're making Storybird love poems.Next week, they can email them to somebody for Valentine's Day.
Thanks for the #shoutout ;)
On the roof with prepping for our Vertical Fashion Show down the side of the building...will you be watching on Wednesday?!
Does the "Monchhichi" song ever get stuck in your brain? And do you have a better method for stopping it than repeated blows to the head?
Are you Inspired by ? Cuz Zac is mentionned in a lot of your tweets! LOL
What's with all the new spam direct messages on twitter today???
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man. Paulo Coelho
RT : Sometimes an #Aquarius need to stop fearing rejection and learn to share at least part of their lives with others.
RT : back from a CD release planning meeting with - i.e , , & - new music soon!
Whose on your team? We got the sun
Ricky just regripped his clubs. Said he loves it. I think I need to
are you looking for the milky ways or are your kids!!
Happy Mother's Day to my incredible mom Alexis, mom-in-law Betty, grandmom-in-law Elsie & all of the mothers & mothers to be out there!
first preview performance of lyric is waiting, by michael puzzo....THIS THURSDAY JULY 30!
Still fun to poke at though. And softball season is a mere few weeks away. How many nights you playing? I am in 3
do you ever make shapes out of the clouds and lets your imagination go free? Hm?
nah..wish tho
The Tigers won 101 games in 1961...but finished 8 games behind the Yankees.
I'm off the market(: I love you<3
Lol You Back In The Mil Doe?
Vernon Davis did great last game against the saints...Wonder how he will do this game!
Almost time for rape
Riding the bus this week reminds me that some people aka a holes think their bag needs a seat instead of a person.
Thank You Cherie! I appreciate it! Have a wonderful day!
Thank you Knicks!!! #GRIZZNATION appreciates you. Now we gotta grind it out tomorrow for hca.
Fixed, thanks!
The spirit of man is more important than mere physical strength, and the spiritual fiber of a nation than its wealth. Dwight D. Eisenhower
To Chicago to spend the day with The man himself.
Having PIZZA AND WATCHING A MOVIE IN DAKAR! It doesn't get much better than that =)
That is a fun meeting!
Blackberry or iphone? I hate my blackberry Pearl...think I'm making the switch to AT&T and joining the world of iphone...
Not a fan of the half day. When did my opinion change? Used to love it
Are you looking to live in Stadium Village? We have the place for you! call about Yale on Campus 612-703-RENT
Patriots going to cover the spread after all?
J. Cole's probably my favorite out right now but Diggy went pretty hard on that dis record
No obviously you don't because I obviously used all caps to express it to you and I got a boring ass response.
glad I am not that guy!
Looks like it's gonna be a long two months
lol come make me! So much Fun this weekend w u xoxox
Thank you for following Brain-iac! LOL cb
coach, we need you to cheer harder for the
boo to being at work and missing great events! But we look forward to seeing you at the next one!
i mean the happiness part.lol!
How's the weather treating you up there?
Uploading Photos,,, just one those days that I'm not lazy enough to do this.. rarely..
thanks for the RT!
Approaching our 1 year anniversary on our new platform! Thanks to all of our artists who are a part of solopiano.com!
you should make a speacial apperance at the concert in seattle. ^-^
Packing to fly back to Seattle in the morning for a gig with The Brickhouse Band tomorrow night.
Yes it is - great product!
when people make fun of what you're wearing...I'm about to go on stage for dance.
BOUT TO BACK OUTSIDE
Currently seeking national theatre actors for upcoming stage play productions.....all inquiries welcomed.
Last night: Amazing! Really looking forward to the next couple days here in FL.! Thanks to everybody here for being awesome!!
Those folks need to get over it. Orlando is and always will be a big attraction for obvious reasons.
New workaholics and new futurama would work better than new workaholics and new tosh
lol come im all cute not naughty
can't wait!
Some people are annoying. And justify the wrong because they think they're 'in love'. Well ive got news for you. YOURE ANNOYING AS BALLS!
I dislike when Ibrahim tried to get me to talk to her.
Everybody is just a stranger. That's the danger in going my own way. That's the price I've got to pay.
Hi Stella! We sent you some info earlier today about our new Chicago-based app, ! Just wanted to see if you got it!
Progressive Dane Board Cand: Jeff Pertl, Susan Bailey, , Paul Rusk, Patrick Downing, Maureen McCarville, Patrick Miles! [2/2]
This NYC humidity is sh!teous. Especially for my hair. Enough already.
#fourwordsaftersex Make me a Sandwich :)
#BestPickUpLines Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa just what I want for Christmas.
I wonder if Lu Valentino will puss our on coming to New Orleans this weekend?? And what excuess will she use?? Place your bets!!!
Nothing like a hot Guy throwing up in your bathroom. Damn you alcohol. :)
Off to the beach ;D gonna get my tan on!!
Calling #wives & #mommies! Follow for tips on living the fab life!
why so much celebration over his death?
wa ha ha ha ha ha!
Pinterest is loads of fun! Just signed up tonight and having a great time playing and exploring!
after spending $30 on stuff at Target, walk out, see a cloud & remember the original thing I had gone for was an umbrella
Your very selfish
aye daya look at all those #Zistas & #ZswagBros in the #ZswagFamily! so proud to be here!!<33
Google only goes back two weeks in Twitter content #L10Social interesting!
Is It Nice Looking
Batter up? Are we going to have deep fried flying monkeys? ;)
Full Time Levitating
oh neighbors with the karaoke machine, yes, those boots were made for walking. Thanks for the reminder.
See ya later peeps tweet ya later <3333333333333333333333333 love ya follow me I follow you back
#RT if you miss Caroline & Tyler scenes
but why?
Embrace the probability of your imminate death, and know in your heart that there's nothing I can do to save you -Haymitch
these rice chips isfuckin bomb Dit come m
i took a nice long nap :)
That was a fun game to watch, I think the mavs only missed 3 shots in the 1st
me either sister! Makes me happy to know there's #one person I could always count on!!!
Happy and healthy new year to all.
I shutter when I think about it!
I am not Superman but SuperHuman. Think about~BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming A Legend.
this seagull is in prison!
Some likes on Facebook are so not realistic..I think its sum kind of Like App for all of des outrageous likes for example 125 for an ugly
did he send it with your account? I only see your DM
Creative minds think alot
that's so random that blakes team won but they'll all get to where they want to be now so its ok
your tweets are legit. <3 xx
Discovered by chance that a certain almost-14-mos-old knows how to delete emails on my iPad.
Ah.... No I'm saying your family is one big dance party! Awkward!
yumm is right!
Holy shit Justin got so much f*cking love tonight!
Working...working...working...
today seems like another boring day. :-(
Japan scores to go ahead 2-1 against Sweden in the 59th minute.
Aladdin never gets old. I love this movie!
It's a wrap! Cellophane Dragon Lady shoot is done done done! Can't wait to share the finished images! So sparkly <3
I've realized the one #nail different trend works best when the colors are unrelated. What about texture or finish?
Where the F are you? Rico is here!
Well I never thought you'd stay but that's ok.
lol no but in doing it for cross training.
thanks for tweeting about our Merk deal!!
Jorts are a great way to let people know that you are not getting laid
Nothing like curling up with a good book :)
My stomach is killing me. Fuck tonight
Finally found a decent teriyaki spot on the Eastside! Fuji teriyaki in crossroads for the win!!! :)
Don't care what mood I'm in country music always makes it better.
dm me your number ill let you know might be in LA this weekend
i love Justin Bieber i hope to meet him one day. (;
I have a space heater ;)
Hey looks like it's no sleep for the both of us! Except mine is because I'm sick and can't breath. :/
(AP) -- Legendary race driver and Shelby Cobra sports car designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89.
It is a rare moment when I find myself rooting for red over blue - what is less rare is that my team is losing...
Happy Mothers Day to the fiercest bitch I know, Momma Kostmoney $$$
I trust not to let those makers bother us as learning takes is back seat, I am seeking a new goal almost every 2 or 3 months now
Helping others is a good thing. It makes the world a better place to live.
and thanks for the follow:)
#IUsedTo think was cool. NOT ANY MORE! She's such a loser!
Do you remember your favorite concert?
less love . More sex . No calls . Just texts . New girl . No ex . More sleep no stress .
Lmao she tell u everything that's Ur wife she won't say nothing to me know more
I know a #babymakingsong . It's the song that comes on when you click my profile and find out about websites where you can earn money LOL!
smh I still haven't seen that movie precious
#NotThisTime i will not be late 4 this ball
baby we gonna be aighhht
Boy, it's nice to watch a different basketball team make total fools of themselves this year.
I like how doesn't follow me bak. Coolio
Never follows through... EVER
The barndance boogie? Yes please.
You have an awesome program!!! Really enjoyed it tonight
FUCK YEA!! GIANTS WON!
Dane County Exec names Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubes new director of DC emergency management. Begins June 4
Tip on how to save money: KNOW WHAT YOUR ARE SPENDING! Put a tracking method in place immediatly!
agree. It's a time of re-discovery and innovation. Those scared fail to adapt and ultimately perish.
Nice! You all have had your first basecamp party! Grafik Hosting @ SWSX Love it.
If you're not doing this while you work, you're missing out! The simplest, most important thing I've done for my homebiz:...
will do when i can :D
Sad to learn from of Eddie Epstein's death. A real loss to the Joyce community An obit will appear soon on JJQ's blog.
Why do ppl retweet and quote astrology? If you believe that stuff, go swallow a knife and do me a favor.
Haha I'm obsessed with t swift and so is Would you mind if I linked you to a free song of his?
Top-notch chase scene. Not kidding.
WOW, LOVED hearing these guys sing! They are so talented!!!
Ha, thanks, that steaming mug graphic is cool!
We will be announcing the release date of our new EP very soon! --stay posted.
Agreed. I wonder how measured the SM success for the webinar.
So glad we're having a girl. Poor little boys have one extra procedure...
Today is the first day in almost 3yrs that I weighed in under 200 pounds, having lost 17lbs. A lot of work & SO happy!
S Club 7 reunited??! Awesome. I'm so going to see that tour this summer!
cool! I still need to get to Barnes and Noble to pick up a copy!
have a safe flight ;) ur gonna love Miami
I'm seeing the musical improv show tonight at UCB... Excited!
Thanks dude!
I got u
It's all 4 U-If U really want it-It's all 4U-If U say U need it-It's all 4 U-If U gotta have it-Red Velvet panCAKES everyday
plase follow me i lovee you so much im crazy for you :) HAPPY BECAUSE YOU EXIST
Trade veras...bring in an nhl team.
Big K.R.I.T.'s "I Got This" is my theme song right now. That bridge is the story of my life.
Add me on Facebook as well Brandon Burkholder
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 108
Genius!! the girls are ahead this time! :)
SAFE HOUSE!!!!! haha, finally
Ha, now ain't that some shhh?
isn't it annoying that when directioners make a weird trend, everyone laughs and tweets it. When beliebers make one they're like perverts!ah
praying it gets worked out and you still get your oils. I am sure when the see the house burnt down, that they will contact you.
Ya imma cry now...
can you dance to my beat?
what do you all think of my new twitter background?
Looking for a good-yet-ambient videogame soundtrack to play in the background while writing. Suggestions? (?)
So you mean like with record labels?
You are the best 12,002,724 right now, can you tell him he reached
and I just tried to cake care of as many customers as possible until you got here! Welcome, by the way.
STAYED UP ALL NIGHT RAPPING ON THIS LIL UGLY MANE TRACK
Using #googletranslate to converse with the busboys at work because my Spanish is Mucho rusty! Its a fairly accurate translation tool. #Win!
Ceviche Demo Trace and Trust discussion Paiche Amazon at NE University 11 am
I don't hate reality stars, so it's not about that...it's more bc they don't do anything that showcases any talent or skill, IMO.
WI is a laughingstock? I bet that has everything to do with whom you are listening to. Many view WI as critical, not sad.
Ok loving the 's mobile site. You can pull up inscriptions and provenance in the gallery!
So hurt that I don't have any Epsom Salt to put in some warm water so I can soak my feet...
Louise is such a diva
Padres are down and need your support! Catch the rest of the game at TK wearing your Padres gear and get 25 percent off your bill.
- OG was *never* okay
Bye!!:) breakfast
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try getting a new iPod!
That's great news. I keep all my receipts from everything I can't wait to c how much we get to write off
haha that sounds like fun :)
I think UNC is done if they don't get their point guard back!
I love you so much even saying your name gives me the "love chills" :) <3
Austin-Twyman Papers at Swem - an unvarnished record of slavery in Buckingham Co., Va.
Leo is in the building at the Latham poker club.
you cheater! I saw something six flags that reminded me of you. A caritcature of the black guy from the lucky charms com.(:
Wanting someone you can't have.
Wet Republic here we come. Its sizziling in Vegas, Come check us out
haha. You still the bro though. I DM'd you son lol
Got a Nascar fleet of thoughts racing about so here's to hoping my brain shuts off and sleep is imminent.
thanks for hanging out friday! And for the tweet
On 1 train hovering over 125th st. & Broadway.
My mom bought a Kia so now I get a $100 referral check. Tinting those windows!
sounds like a drug name. Aye, you gots any of that Long Green...? Hm?
just watched your interview on Roland's website. Great keyboard set up. love it! Amazing job on the Ke$ha gig. :)
Did you really tweet that when you are just now signing Brandon?
Well, at least now I'm disappointed with 2nd and not 32nd.
LOL. Anything we can do to make things awesome for everyone :-).
Yeah, foreign languages learned in school are often lost very quickly =/
I am waiting to see him implode with frustration and ego-driven mania...send him light, this will speed up the process
Of course.
If the idea of reheating tonight's chick breast for lunch tomorrow doesn't sound good, slice it on top of a salad and give it a Mist!
To conduct market research, I usually start by utilizing Google's Keyword Tool
T Plush! I run an Energy Cola company based in Madison, WI, Interested in talking about a sponsorship?
can u tell some of ur followers to follow me
May your neighbors respect you. Trouble neglect you. Angels protect you. And heaven accept you.
Need some motivation. Someone come motivate me.
There's a place in my head that repeats what you said..
Ya ever jut fuckin laugh out of no where? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAGAGAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Happiness is 3 days in a row of great food great beer and great fun with my buddies on the road! I am so lucky to be here! YAY
clever little man!
I just found out has a show in DC tonight! I'm so there.
#NP "Take a Look at My Life" Fat Joe
RUSSELL TO SEATTLE!!! Yeah
Followers plz go on to check out
Let's go Pacers!
and there are better ways to have fun with this. Like let you have the plate, but require a dollar go to Tiger conservation...
Occupy wall street all over news on Oak and Sea. Someone needs to show them that equal wages don't come from protesting or vandalism.
all I can say is if that's you, "I wish I was in Mich-igan." Impressive.
The large number of people I know in the library right now is... interesting.
It's close, but I think Cam's potential to get in the endzone on the ground gives him the edge
I will be hitting the streets tonight thanks for keeping me up on whats poppin
Thinking about not going to work today
thanks for the reminder kelda!!!
Being at work today at Elitch Gardens makes me that much more excited to be a mom. The kids in KiddieLand are so cute and having a blast!
and ya im so happy that you told me wat to do to stop me from sending ppl spam and thanks again :)
get it then fella!!!!
you can never have too much of a heart. :)
Seriously where is the sense of urgency? We are playing a FUCKING A team.... I can't stand the Brewers right now.
watching the boondocks <3
See Your Favorite Advertising People Get Blown Away in Super Slow Motion
RT : founder if speaking at #SMW11 about collaboration: it starts w shared problems
by George I'd say you got it now ;)
what a wanker.
maybe we could enlist & his famous notepad to describe the action
": Melo is insane in the clutch. #KobeSystem level 3." #KobeSystem level jst went down after those free throws
it's missing epic pollen induced ha-chooos!
I would be floored to shoot behind the scenes of #couples #retreat2 or a #pirates movie! #dreamjobs!
RETWEET this & follow us for a chance to see the 85th Annual Golden Gloves this weekend !
follow back?:)
ahh can't wait to see! More tonight for sure!
Also: why is "Recall" capitalized? So quaint.
Looking Foward to Oct. 17 this year! X)
she will. Walter said they may not be as dominant.
Tune in at Noon for Radio. This month's show features stories from the February Story Slam when the theme was "How We Met"
I JUST ADDED dbaseballman !!!!!!!(:
i just want one night full of DREAMS. not any crazy, out of the norm nightmares.
Partying lately ; )
Ohh... Okay I Get It.... I didnt Know That... But I Stll Love Them!!!!
thank you for the rt
it goes way beyond trust! Thank you for all your faith in me and support over the years.
Which team made the smartest picks, which will benefit there team, and which team made the worst?
is that an old pic or did you get him back ? ?
it's easy to stay up-to-date with a division foe when I follow
Thanks Beau!
Talkin Turkey officially rolls out- gobbling all over this town! Startin @ Meridian & 116th at 1030am so come get yo Cajun fill!
TUNE INTO SALEMS LOCAL KMUZ 88.5 FOR MY LIVE RADIO INTERVIEW BOUT THE MIXER I PLACED 3RD IN AND MORE....L's Up!
fantastic job Mr. Walker, you have our family's votes
Hello...good morning!
#ASAHQ Additional Analysis of the CMS Final Rule on Medicare Conditions of Participation: Anesthesia Physician Supervisio
Can somebody please tell me when is birthday did it pass already
wow, the heat activated Dampier......stop it!
must have know what she was getting herself into & knew who he was inviting & how to control the conv #uppers Thnx
new video clips on my website!!
8 am call time in NYC. I'd never move there again but good lord I'd love to be loaded and have a 2nd residence there.
haha thanks man! ;-)
Sounds interesting. Who should I contact?
thanks for the follow! Enjoy your week!
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is. It's always room-temperature.
Good stop
have fun...love ya...
If you believe than you can achieve
New years resolutions: get more promotion FREE at the site on my profile. Make 2012 count! oh ya, follow 4 follow?
So AMC finally got smart and put #thepitch with #madmen, since ad people are probably the only ones who watch it.
Hi Sarah, please ignore the DM you received from me. My account was hacked and I'm working to clean things up! I apologize
aww yeah. I wanted to come but my 8week old puppy couldn't come with me. Too cold !!
I'm a f***ing savage at #airwings for iPad. User name : barely paying attention. Porn bots, bring it
Barleywine! I love watching people's reactions to those.
Sweat shop workers who built our 'Macs' an iPhones and iPads do not have the time or energy to mourn Steve Jobs.
New Costume Quality Kids Dash Costume
And sometimes u just have to wash yr hands.
Almost there! :)
I can go for a yogurt right about now.
if those ballots are all for Rick Sanotrum then it's all kicking off...
GotBieberFever5: RT : Gary is being a pain in the ass.
i don't know what i'd do with myself if i won! hahaha, fingers crossed!
Whoever did that is AT LEAST the coolest person in Baltimore.
I love to run, been slacking this weekend! Right back at it tomorrow !
Way to walk those runs in Cubs! Looking forward to a nice night. My training officially starts tomorrow. "Hard work and your dreams chase U"
that's what's up
My nose is so stuffed up I can't eat & breathe @ the same time
Goal for 2010 - Get a branded video. Do you have yours yet?
thank ya ma'am. hope it wasnt you causing them blackouts at the SF/PIT game, hahaha
Via #BlendedLearning is f2f enhanced online course. Can be best/worst of both worlds.
strech before you get down.. s Duh
Listening to The Shins new album streaming in iTunes.
"Oprah's OWN network has lost $330 Million, expected to be axed within year..." The Obama Effect?
AGREED. Best thing ever invented.
Do you have your own youtube channel?
High speed sorting enables customer's mail to be delivered to USPS the same day of mail pickup. AMS 505-899-3104.
Is it bad that I'm ready to go to bed already and it's only 8:15pm and still light out?
And a few years ago they wanted us not to have a NBA team?
Awkward eye contact with a pigeon. Guess that's what you get when you're randomly sitting on the street in the city
Thx to everyone who made it out on a school night last night. It was an awesome show. We will do it again tonight up in Santa Fe.
MT If world ever learns names of those Navy SEALs who took out Bin Laden, those guys will never have to buy their own drinks again
I've been alive the whole time bb
scouts honor shanay o'connor
best afternoon #pandora station #empireofthesun #happyfriday!
RT : "It takes a campus community & a good experience to bring in a class." Good rect + deliver on promise = enrollment success
Off to facilitate a client's leadership development forum that combines case discussions with action learning. Awesome week ahead!
New Music Coming March 20th, 2012...
Definitely going out and celebrating. I been on 10 all day listening to music! Ready for tonight!
your welcome hun(:
I'm a boss tuckboi fresh
we love it!
Hey i hope you have an amazing birthday! Have fun and thanks for supporting Austin. He truly appreciates all of his fans! :)
": "By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before." - Edwin Elliot
The Garden is IN!
I cant have a girl that can't cook
haha for sure! :)
very nice!!! best of luck to you!!
SMH is an understatement, the level of stupidity contained is dumbfounding!
No eating after 8pm
I feel bad for that lil girl dieing after a fist fight with another girl. She had a good life and now taken away at an early age.GodBlessyou
Nice win for the
I really like certain voicemails sent in my sleep
Read through tonight for Murder on the Nile. I will be playing the role of Smith. Opening mid April at New Dawn Theater in Duluth.
I love your inspirational tweets<3 follow me?
Would love to do this fall if we could get venue nailed down in the next couple weeks...if not, May/June 2012.
#arthur Yet another flick where Greta Gerwig plays the ugly duckling. But she's jaw-droppingly beautiful. Gotta love Hollywood.
so the internet here sucks but i go in tinychat to distract myself from finals week. going in as a guest keeps my twitter from
guess what? it's my birthday(: just thought you should know!<3
Yep. Easy-peasy.
yeah we are!
Surround yourself with people who make deposits & not just withdraws into your destiny!!!
West Denver Prep's 4 week course starts today...let the Outward Bound experience begin!!
Today's tip: Try to pack your lunch instead of eating out--even just two or three times per week will help control what you eat.
Those little details are the ones that make my days!!
Wait until finds out Josh Hamilton hit 4-HRs against his Orioles.
"Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses, I told him to quit bitching, this isn't a fucking hot-line"
Somehow, I never make it to my destination on time... thanks #seescandies... #distraction !
when is the building supposed to be completed?
thanks for the follow. Have a prosperous 2012
thats right take yo ass to sleep
were you surprised about how many DTs and how defense in general - dominated the 1st rd?
Looks like is wearing Herve Leger...nice...
My teacher looks like s fruit lope
i hpeu u git better soon
Wow, just found out it's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA. Guess I'm never moving to Nebraska!
Does anyone else think that Taco Bell commercial with the group of people driving cross country for a Dorito taco is fucking stupid?!
Walmart is legit the best place ever<3
I call the IRS and get all dirty about how much money I'm gonna send 'em, and how I don't use write-offs, and how I'm going to audit them.
Tummy time is important in strengthening shoulder muscles to manipulate the hands. Do it everyday at the same time for your growing infant.
YES!! This just put the BIGGEST smile on my face!! I'm heading to Target... Lol
busy planning an adoption event, learning more about pet foods and treats...
if you don't stand for something you will fall for anything
Get it in TY. Let me know how I can be of service with that promotion aspect my man....
Pathetic #Caps player laying on Chara's stick so he can't defend on a play!
POWER - playground equipment hot cold therapies
Where's my friend?
However many ways there may be of being alive, it is certain that there are widely more procedures of being dead, or rather not alive.
Norman Fruman, a Scholar of Coleridge, Dies at 88 - New York Times
is enjoying that good feeling that comes right after shoveling snow.
If service is the rent you pay for your existence on this earth, are you behind in your rent? Robert G Allen
when you've got cable, netflix, hulu, and blueray disks and still can't find anything to watch .. shoot yourself (myself) in the face
I'll guess RT Two hours until tournament registrations open. Anyone staying up until the clock strikes midnight?
she is a doll
I shook my head so much is damn near fallin off...n where's my nana split
Somebody is gonna fool around and get saved at this funeral. Incredible. Real. Awesome.
Lesson learned on #boardwalkempire finale: Don't become too attached to any particular character. Nobody is safe.
In Tallahassee for Florida Book Awards festivities. Starting with lunch at the Governor's Mansion.
Can I hit it from the back?
oh just let me know
I Knoee I Cant Singg , But I Be Singing The Fckk outtaa Trey Songz : Heart Attack !
Atlantic city this summer!
Yes ma'am an' you do the same ;o)
Takeout & Delivery = more time to sleep! Holler!
We will be joining thousands of food safety professionals at the Food Safety Summit in April in D.C. , anyone else going?
I KNOW OASOIFSHOIASHOIFHSA.
Is that the same bih that had on forces though!!?? Lol!! I still CANT
RT : Q. What are some of the industries that are seeing a surge in social entrepreneurship?
So I'm looking for other Chicago bands/musicians that would be interested in doing a cover trade. anyone interested?
Just tried #popchips for the first time tonight. Damn those things are good, I think they have a winner there. And healthy too!
HAHAHAHA , lol it would take alot for me to wanna get with a girl . lol BABY I WAS BORN THIS WAY . lol :)
"At last" is just beautiful on guitar, and I can't wait to perform it at the spring concert.
Looking for a #marketing / #branding company in #Chicago that works w/ NPOs & develops websites in Drupal. Any ideas?
haha and who!
whatever. Talk to your manager ;)
UH duh you sorta sent me dozens of pictures lol
.....GED classes, and computer training, while instilling hope and restoring a sense of dignity and worth.
Can I get a "Stay Crispy!" or "Liv it up!" ? If so, I would be eternally happy.(:
if you could be best friends with anyone dead or alive who would it be?
why do you still use IE?
everything is beyond great. My husband and I are so in love.
it's questions like these that I wish philosophy classes answered....
I listen to sad songs all the time when I'm 100% happy lol
I haven't got my homework as I accidentally left it in my dads car last night, and now it is in the MOT garage so I cant get it until tom...
I had to. You know, "to prove that they really don't work"
Strength, endurance, or flexibility? Does one really have to choose?
Oh, they were real. Wish they hadn't been, though.
keep the #"inserthumoroustaghere" on twitter, please
"we're not telling you to stay home from work, but if you do, there are 16 NCAA basketball games on today."
don't fret! There are a few hours left this Mother's Day!
Today marks my 90th day with my new job at REAL School Gardens and I'm loving it!
We're watching a movie but it will be over soon. Then he's all yours!
lol. Oh no!!! Oh I found them. Whew!!
#IAdmit I changed. But I'm still the old me ; just grown up
"Like those animated photographs from Harry Potter, the ZeroN system is designed to provide a lasting, kinetic memory of your interaction"
oh okay thats completely different!
Apparently asking for a day off to move is unacceptable. Oh well I have a life outside of work so they can just pack sand.
Football in 2nd block? Heck yeah
All I want is to have Justin hug me. To feel his arms around me. It'll make me feel like everything is gonna be okay.
lol it's cool
RT Secure & reliable way of communication 4 Iranians & friends - iran.whyweprotest.net
I know when to stop. I know when to let go. I know when to move on but "I know" is different from "I can" !
If they held a Razzies for functionally competent human brings, I would win every award.
Been thinking how Scags would tell Gingrich of her life as a woman. Has he ever read Virginia Woolf?
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. Buddha
agreed! They really dropped the (green) shell on future versions of the game.
What are you doiing for THC?
I'd like to see at least one field goal from
Isn't the difference that one involves booze and the other only the future thought of a drink?
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. -Winston Churchill
why dude?
Happy returns to ya then!
RT : I love the smell of growth in the morning. It's a good day to be a part of . Anyone else want in?
I eat once a day..thats bad??.
Like you guys never panic when your arm gets stuck in a shirt sleeve.
you got yourself a deal.
Flights and hotel confirmed for the Taiwan Bicycle dealers show in March. Here we go again.
Good luck to he baby brother today. Wish I could be there man.
I think I'm too nice to people.
You "spearhead" it, I'll back you.
DON'T GET A LOAN with Huntington Bank.... PLEASE listen to me... I have been in the business long enough to call out a BAD/UNFAIR LENDER...
or contact us at
PICK YOUR OWN PRICE: $10 or $15 to Time Stands Still TONIGHT & TORROW at 7:30pm Purchase at the door that night only!
Hoping that will change this time.
MY DOG WAS is #hermaphrodite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! aaaaahhhh! they found tht out when she got nutered/spaded.........that explains why she lesbo
take on at 7:30 Catch it on 52 LCD's
i want a purple fruit shoot
Y females want to fuck da Nigga with da nice car? When u have to fuck him at Ur house cause he stay with his moma....cause that note so high
LOL!!! Please forward to your friends and see if they can use it to. Lol
GO FOLLOW THE LOVELY SHE'S MY TWITTER BFF! <3<3
Are you in NY now??
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
try #Craze? IMO a smoother response than Jack3d, and two scoops is plenty lol
Drake isn't featured, so of course she's behind. Duh Amir, you know better than that.
Why are there only hot white girls in the pool at the #homerunderby? That's racist, sexist, sizist.....all kinds of ist!
Cadets be eyeing me while I eye them while they eye me.
Bryce Harper just went Yard, my life now has a sense of purpose...
Bank of America sees end to banking crisis
I'm hungry and poor
Duke Ellington? What you know about jazz? lol
criminal minds getting intense
Security. More logistics than security...it's PM to AM though...
Profess, Declare, Announce, Proclaim, Confess, Pronounce! . . . For there is POWER in your tongue!
What did I do before Google Reader?
Is it in poor taste to setup a Facebook poll asking people how long until they think a couple breaks up, and tag the couple?
Happy mother's day to all the mommies :)
Thanks for the ADD to rotation on your station! The Last Dark Show
Door to Door in Ward 5 with for
hope feels better!
lolololol never baked a burrito!
it's better than high school? And I'm goin to hcc first then a university! :)
What is more, that regression has paralleled the explosion of the religious right in the area. Correlation or causation?
it's been awhile for Sixers fans
happy new's years eve, everyone, be safe tonight, we'll see you next year, Caliburr Records
If your broadband is a problem, or a phone lines what you need.. If you really want your business to grow.. You first must plant the seed.
come join love to follow you
illustrate follow you if you follow back
very excited about this coming week closing some big sponsorship deal for my fight promotions
possible! i will update you on developments as they happen...also entertaining.
wat happened to him?
Yes, I am real! Thanks so much, hope you enjoy :)
. taking over Austin....watch out world!
I like song and i love song hahaha (:
TY! How was your visit? RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square () (2180 East Lincoln Avenue, State College Blvd,...
That's gory
Kenny G is the Dane Cook of saxophone.
One of the best processes to get cash flow to manage your business can be accounts receivable factoring.
Living in Cream & Crimson country you have no idea how much I want this to happen.
Thanks for following : )
I woke up from a dream tat u were on the news.. Oh wait you were on the news! ur gettn so big now, don't forget ur 1st fans <3
this is the worst thing i have ever heard
text me
Probably one of my favorite seasons
its ok. #NYRangers will win tonight, well before the missle lands on earth, so will the #Pens vs.
Will Plax have any fantasy value this season?
Isn't that already on the website? If not, missing a big recruiting opportunity.
RT : The corner of Nos. 16 &amp; 17 at TPC Sawgrass is one the the coolest spots in golf!
Thanks so much for the RT. I loved the book and love your family. I can't wait for the new episodes to start. :-)
Gym > Sleep
Ganoderma is a chinese herb used for it's healing for 4,000 years. It has no recorded side effects.Want to learn more?Check out my website.
Rack city bitch rack rack rack city bitch
Swizz's sweetness >>>
There is some real talent here, and I want to see us win, get out of Nashville,put you a mini tour together, build networks in other cities.
seriously you guys PC shopping is really weird
Im glad i have back as a friend
Mizoo just blew up my bracket... :(
I love anything handmade and one-of-kind... #craft fairs, vintage, estate sales, all that good stuff.
Maxwell: talking about recent research on the impact of increased openness.
There are 6.97 billion Peoplee in the world . Why let one ruin your life ? .
OMG that movie is crazyingly amazing <3
QPR draw would be costly if Bolton wins...
I'm jealous... have a cocktail for me!!!
Had a Bday this weekend; walked six miles today. Guess I'm not too old.
#dml2012, JSB: "Tinkering is knowing, making, playing blended together." What does this look like in a history classroom?
received two 100% opposing signs from nature in a span of minutes. reminded me of various instances i've had with women in my life.
If it's on the internet, it must be true.
i miss my sistadaaaahh ima move to atlanta so u can have 2 calebs lol
I love getting home from work and having to be up at 615. #itsmyfavorite #imaliar cc
despises shady people
NEW YORK PRO: OPEN CLASS. GET IT
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives-Ronald Reagan
I wanna' kiss #oomf so bad.
You know I'm no good at court-ordered goodbyes!
When you're so pissed you can't even talk.<<<<<<<
concert at Central with tears in my eyes.
Happy Mothers Day from all of us @ Comfort Inn NorthPortland/Vancouver. www.vancouverwahotel.com
RT Which habit do you struggle most with? Make a commitment to re-learn it and apply it this upcoming week.
RT : NT schools reqquire community service & internships, cmmty college credits before graduation
Red Eye (2005) Cillian Murphy and Rachel McAdams in a horrible contrived thriller. I didn't care who lived or died and I mostly laughed. 3/9
Thanks Lubna! And I hope you are decorating the world with your beautiful jewelry!!!
My definition of a great day: Work all day, then play football till dusk in 70-degree weather.
. would B proud of the salad made with his balsamic, salt, pumpkin seed oil, artichoke hearts amongst greens
Heading to the Lone Star Vegetarian Cook-Off kick-off to meet our competitors & psych them out! :)
BULLSHIT!!..U JUST LOST YOUR FUNKK POINTS..WHAT PLANET OR LAND MASS YOUR EYES LOOKIN AT?? BURN BABY BURN...REALITY CHECK'D.
I really have to say that your lack of open mindedness and quick judgment is deeply disappointing
Would like to see this hawks team at 100% from the jump. Horford adds alot
Let me know if you liked MI4!
Keep that hater talk at a whisper.
I will be appearing on The Jamie Kalicki Show on Tuesday January 10. The show airs from 6 -7pm on KJFK 1230am. Make sure to tune in.
Hey - You Are *Much Too Kind* ... If Anything, Being in the Same Tweet is *You* is Nuthin' But Gravy :)
Jan is cold. If she was sitting across from you on a train, and she wasn't moving, you might think she was dead.
*ATTENTION* Does anyone want a brand new iPad 3. It's in great condition. Anyone interested. Minimum of $350
I'd rather have no friends than fake friends.
reclamale a el entonces y dime a donde van a ir?
You guys have my permission for the crown for this year and beyond.
Big Bear tomorrow. Hope I don't feel as bad as I do today tomorrow.
Cloud Browse 4.0 now with retina display for iphone!
Yes please
omg! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Can't believe I almost forgot. Love you! :D
Oh, that's reasonable. I don't think that's "big money" relative to NBA RT Good answer. But he's worth $7-$8 million a season.
1st wk. of school & kiddo couldn't find friend to sit w/ at lunch... High school is tough -oh my heart. Found a friend today.
I have work 12-6 what are you doing after that?
What if I became homeless
Its time to wash my hands clean of this mess. Never again, with each experience I only get wiser. . .
Constantly being active and pursuing your passionate - what's not inspiring about it?
Maury is pure Ratchetness; i say this at least once a day HA(:
Enjoy a positive, prosperous and productive day, lovelies!
Congratulations to the entire cast and crew of the Uptown Whole Food for our excellent performance of Get Ready this morning!
Wow, did not remember to say happy birthday to his baby girl Shania Twain... What a terrible boy toy.. :p
I know UK is still going hard after Bennett. Is Cal still targeting Jefferson?
On the way to set up for RR Day! Pulled an all nighter getting last minute details ready...kids will have a great time today!!!
Speaking on 3-9-12 @ ACFE Lehigh Valley Chapter on Why the Fraud Triangle is No Longer Enough to Battle Fraud. Go Crowe!
thanks for coming by for a pie today! Always great to see you getting your street food fix.
Mow the lawn or watch the Pens? The grass can wait!
S/O for puttin together a great vibe for the bbq. Aint nothin like good food, drinks and company. Letsgitit
as you wish..
It's pretty sad that the fact A Rodgers being here is more exciting then the game itself.
Everyone should follow He will make you laugh with his tweets & his videos. <3
It's way too hard for me to handle my shit with this weather I just wanna go back to sleep!
The first pick that has me bummed out... I would have loved to get Iupati. A great line makes mediocre QBs, WRs and RBs look great.
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I'd make myself an Iron Man!!
agree, Rickie is a no-show so far this season
Killer Clowns From Outerspace.
Last night's re-watch of Ghostbusters proves once again that Bill Murray could carry a whole movie with just facial expressions.
My house?
Better start tweeting
On a side-note, I need a new Lal avatar, but I can't find a good image to turn into one. orz
That's awesome. Congratulations. And such cute clothes for little girls!
shooting for a primetime appearance...no pun intended
Leaders aren't born they are made.Through hard work. And that's the price we all have to pay to achieve that goal or any goal.Vince Lombardi
You obviously have REALLY good taste :)
Going to be Good!
Funny Penn Badgley walking behind me on the east vill. carrying a guitar looks more like Dan Humphrey on the books than the dan on the show
Today is the first day of 's Making Connections effort. Enjoy 3x the interactions and dolphin access all day.
Did you know: the definition of " natural " isn't regulated by law ( except on meat labels ).
The post-NFL life for those gladiators is brutal. Avg life expectancy in the mid 50's, depression, physical limitations, etc.
Congrats to the winners #ClassyAwards and hats off to and for an inspiring night.
ok enough Bad Teacher quotes, on my way to work.
So only white kids are allowed to buy hoodies for style? I have to say I disagree with you Mr. Geraldo.
I watch all sports except for golf
Dead Poets Society on
ya i said they were sluts hebsaid no i said tumblr guys were hot he said no and so on
I've never been there and I'm tempted to walk over!
you asked ha so I responded
I love it.
It's an update to the new WNC on Mac - still v. 4 but fixes some bugs.
I just want to kiss you. Why don't you want to kiss me back? Why?
Clifford,rugrats,proud family, that's so raven,hey arnold,sister sister,lizzie mcguir,teletubies,comfy couch,arthur,
Split it with you ...
A week without Kelly isn't as fun.
Our zendo is now open every saturday for meditation. 7:30am to 9am. Everyone Welcome!!
I apply for jobs and hit "No Thank You" for all that stuff & they still call. It's such a racket.
#Summer is on it's way to #Milwaukee! Make sure your A/C is ready to go! Pay just $69 for a tune up! ttp://cot.ag/m0m8D2
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Slept on my neck wrong last night now I can't whip my hair today..dang
GONNA PARTY TONIGHT. ITS FRIDAY
:I bet college can be ruff! Mom & Dad said it's a lot of work. I started Puppy Preschool & I'm pooped after class! C U soon I hope!
#MM Tune in today 12-2pm CST 6-8 pm BST to #music from Me will get some playtime! Thanks
GOD IS GOOD, but Jesus is Better!
Time to expand into video and get a new camcorder. We're starting to outgrow the Canon 40d's for fashion photography. Time for a sale.
Yay I felt so good during the cross country race today the first time ever I think I improved my time by a min
RT : Thank you NYU. My Alma Mater is always an inspiration. My #jba medal is also for the school.
FYI, IDRA's website will be down much of today as we back up before upgrading our web server.
Thanks for the kind words Volcom East. I'm digging your blog. Can you recommend a surf camp in NJ?
the lucky one was so good. probably the best movie i've ever watched
So much for sleeping early
Something tells me you're not in Manhattan...
Niggas are fool if shit ugh... Always getting attitudes for no reason... Damn should be happy someone wanna talk to ur ass
Very understandable. I'd love to get them to switch to us as we are a lot easier.
Ignore the response in the calendar I will be at the gardens thursday see ya then
Drum Call w/ Whit Whitten will set off the event. UVa African Music and Dance Ensemble will perform Haitian-related Ewe music.
Come on Indy!
According to NBC 2/3rd's of all adult Americans are overweight. Some how I am sure we can fix this problem!
do it. it's so worth it
It's done
don't end up with an ankle injury! Seems to be the trend of the summer with me and my friends
Ugh Rosie annoys me so much..
We will start taking guesses for next Friday's league all week, don't forget to throw in your guess!
What a quality film. Have the monkey's come out yet????
Who wants to drop out of school and run away with me?
I shall try!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe That as soon as you think you're important, you're not.
Thanks! We'll miss the 'hood too.
I wish you guys would follow me :)
But of course Lauren will be a bridesmaid! :)
Did OK in NBA & did well at Air Force. Colorado was a mess when Bzdelik replaced Riccardo Patton. They're competitive now.
Pictures from the CHAMPS Convention in Vegas coming soon!
agreed! A definite must buy
With Woodson's success with the Knicks, my money's on Vinny Del Negro getting canned any minute now. Nate McMillan possible replacement.
You was working that dance!
Thank you to the 30 people who let me skip them in the security line this morning. You all paid it forward! I made the flight, barely!
"What's worse than being alone? Being used, lied to, deceived, left behind, and completely forgotten"
Nice gesture RT : Yesterday we lost our friend and voice, Carl Beane. Tonight the PA mic will be silent in his memory.
Fuck! My dad just caught me smoking. And he didn't say anything! He just sighed. Then again what can he tell me? I am 25
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY!!! 2 ALL THE FATHER FUKKERS ALL AROUND THE WORLD...
School tomorrow. Kill me now.
the acting demo was good, keep up the good work, sorry it took me so long to reply,
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate that I'm so lazy. It makes me worry and over think my future.
Hmm. Or, I could start building iPhone apps. :)
Just passed the corner where Bob Hope used to sell newspapers. University Circle...105th & Euclid.
Only this: thank you so much for hosting these. Invaluable.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people who don't give a shit.
Thanks for the mention! BTW do you still have your notes on my novel. I need them.
Just recording some new tracks, coming soon
I believe that Jews and Arabs may live together. It's not an easy thing but I believe we can reach an agreement.
So what's this sucker punch thing? Is it some sort of sailor moon movie?
"Looking forward to taking my lovely wife to dinner tonight."
bro im going to miss you!! Good luck on everything!!(:
great! i need to come back to belize soon!
Just got done talkin to with and cameron, he was waiting for Alex, FOLLOW ME BRO
What are the three levels of courts in the state court system?
We utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
you guys are both cracking me up. Its so awesome how you met. Haha... entertaining too.
Wondering if the jet dryer truck driver had five fingers on his right hand.
lmao creep mode on :)
What you call the most intense, muscle-swelling workout you've ever seen I call Monday.
where are you at the air show?
Great posting on the first call we make. The hardest step to take in our dreams is often the first one.
In excitement of all things Black&Gold today, I forgot to remind everyone: The Bobcats are bringing home a W tonight
yeah why?
All my news feed on fbook is bt 4/20 , its just another day I mean if ur stoner then nothing will change, u prolly do it everyday anyway
Sm auditions, cobu preview, sj shake app, promotions for fb while waiting. Going deaf and it hasnt eve started
if you would like to talk to a cooking school we are certainly active!
Don't let anyone else bring you down or make you feel worthless, because we are precious in God's eyes.
So true, I work on the Circle and don't expect my vehicle to make it another year of all the abuse.
And that's why I didn't know the microbrewery had actually opened! Is the beer any good?
A relationship wit money!
Chocolate chip cookies.
New twitter name....surprised this one hasnt been taken yet. lol oh well. goodnite twitter
UGH DON'T TAKE MY FOOD
A Separation Very moving film.
yes! What would be your route!
Wow. Photoshop is turning 20 years old. I have been with the little guy for 19 of those. I am so proud, and so old.
"Use slides to illustrate your point"
i just have a thing against liver
School Was Okayy Today (: But It Would Be GREAT If I Stayed After School with my friend (:
Loved it 2, couldn't put it dwn RT : RT : Been reading 's book "The Miracle of St. Anthony". I love it
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for making the impossible of technology possible.
Did some custom 5x7 Rooster and Turkey prints this morning and ended up with a few extras. They'll be up in the Etsy shop later today!
I'm donzolaaa
I miss you guys too :( I want to see more new office pics. Also is amber still there?
thanks love!
Check Out the new pics for this week in
In exactly one week, the youth event will be going on at NtlEqMarch, will YOU be there?!?
Heading to school.
should be getting it delivered today :)
ohh I forgot, apple just ran out of iPhones :/ sorry lol
I think that's pretty much everyone with umbrellas...not to worry :)
Google+ is struggling. Maybe they should have named it something other than Google+.
It's too late for a nap that mean you bout to go to sleep
Hell yeah! RT : Highly curated relevant content is the most important key for future journalism and media business.
I'm gonna go Michael at basketball tonight.
vice prince? prince of vices? prince with vices? what's going on over there?! : ))
Life is too short to have a bunch of drama....
thanks for keeping us informed. Not looking forward to driving in what is coming up. Yuck
Lazy days with
aww :c you are so much better for zayn that that stupid whore :3
yeah and me and my brother are the only twins in my family
I NEED A HOT TUB. that honestly the only thing i want to do right now.
#PlayOfTheDay should be renamed to the Yankees Crappy Announcement of the day....go a little deeper in the well kid.
A little late, I know, but I'm into Florence and the Machine. A lot. Courtesy of
Thanks for the mention. FYI, there is a version for VMware Workstation as well as vSphere (for business).
That's freakin' awesome.
lol ! i'm coloring you green tomorrow. that is all.
Are Junebugs still around in August?
Live music tomorrow at 6 with soylent blue to celebrate our 2 year anniversary!!
CLONES, let's represent for our guy tonight. ROME debuts on CBS Sports network 6 pm ET. Be there.
Holy shit im early to work!
ready to the event! Going to be a inspirational & emotional day. I walk in honor of my grandmother Rita E Green.
I'm kind of dying to know whats your favorite record of all time. I do mean Record. Top to Bottom....GO!
and no research shows harm
Thanks for posting these great quotes
I've been very outgoing lately. I like it ^-^
manifested hives not 20 minutes into her workday.
Branding is essentially the process of building relationships. It's all about making people associate you with experiences and feelings.
Stoked about all the new action movie scripts going around, but I gotta ask: who's gonna be in them? Statham can only do so many...
Did Glenn Danzig ever sue Hasbro/Sunbow for using The Misfits as the name of the bad girl band in "Jem?"
im proud of youu. (:
Whoever the girl is that Austin always tweets about, if she doesn't like him back, she has some issues. TAYLOR ISSUES. See what I did there.
Self medicating with 500 mLs of Root Beer. Snoopy thought it was a good idea.
Yep I'm definitely in love now. Like with all of them too.
Free Tah Play With Dah Stick, Please Dont Break Dah S**t, Cause Im Daht One Tree That Has Only 1 Stick #BeCareful;)
off work...time to play! :)
aaaaaahahahahahaaaaa! No. Bitch.
Hacked by this loser ---->
will do bro! :D
An extremely successful sample sale at #SeattleDesignCenter today! #Hines, thanks for a great management!!
Anybody know about competing brat fests?
We would be happy to take care of that inspection for you. We don't have reminder stickers for brushing your teeth though.
Be sure to follow He ROCKS! #twittermovie LOL =D
miss u too!
Jennifer Simpson talked snout Duke City DimeStories. And no she doesn't tweet. She doesn't want to know about your new pair of shoes.
:/ : people jus piss me off today
lol peyton manning is the new john elway. I see u some mornings when i cant sleep. I think ur on at like 4am
Coffee is done, time to light an incense and start cleaning my room...
i showed that to my friend and her ovaries exploded
Anyone else think Arnie ruined a perfectly good Spanish phrase?
is the sidewalk lighting up
No I produced the video and I'm managing their project. Surefire is involved too, we should get you on board!
no one hires someone who bitches constantly.
lol your welcome love! and im so glad to hear that
- y does it matter? i meant 3 cuz i forgot chrissy
TSD Tactical Semi-Auto M9 Gas Blowback Airsoft Pistol Reviews gas magazine
: Thank you for sharing your Dad & the blessings of memories w all of us.
Just got hit on by a college senior...... I look like I'm 12? What part of you is attracted to me?
Surround yourself with people that are only gonna lift you higher, because friends are the family you chose yourself.
I keep telling ya'll I'm a virgin.
that's a serious bottle.
Lmfaoo.. I would have said the same thing but im the youngest out of my family
We appreciate the RT and hope u liked the article cuz we're feeling your music up here in Portland
Our dudes debut full length album #neverbackdown goes on pre-order today which includes an EXCLUSIVE bonus track! Get it!
I'm scared to click that link.
Excited I now have a modest light kit
agree on comic sans. unfortunately, it is my bride's favorite font.
no aris name should not be in her mouth and talking about all this in her school it's not the place
Nick young!!
If you were playing #cstheday, you could get a stamp for starting a meme (with your suggestion to publish proceedings) :)
Hey Austin! You like SpongeBob? :)
I'd imagine. For me, it was absolutely unreal. #NYR There's always Wednesday night.
Hey - I just saw your comment, these are very cool! I hadn't considered adorning toilets but now I'm thinking.....Hmm...
is here at #RSUC11 and looking forward to another great user's conference.
how's senior year going?
Why is it so hard to support one another? We would rather freely spend money at the mall, or club then support a friend in business.
just finished Raybourn's THE DARK ENQUIRY - great follow up to her last and nice addition tot he series
#ThingsPGKidsSay you goin to that party at the community center on Ft. Lee?
Lol RT : "I can't wait for my favorite rapper to come out with a new CD." - Fucking no one! EVER!
So begins the storms
u r a Moron #Melo has always been on "bad" playoff teams and faced top seeded teams
I am chilly! Murphy's law= heater goes out on first really cold day. Ugh!
The web is talking. We are listening.
Ha ha ha ha!!!! :-D West, Maybe you missed your calling. Stand up comedy is an option.
hahahaha ya so true
hey good luck today bud!
When your knee hurts like a bitch..
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else and for everything you gain you lose something else
Get over the hump at One Up Elevated Lounge. Join us for lunch, happy hour and beyond. Chef inspired menu items and endless ambiance.
b4 i know u i hate sport but because of u now i enjoy playing basketball with good friends thank u !
i was dying they better post it so u can see i was trolling going go bruins over and over again. Then they started talking
Sweet Chicago... How I love your crisp autumn days :)
what are the chances oregon gets in? 22 wins?
Why can't you go? :(
Fab Design Tip: Create a welcoming entrance to your living room by arranging your furniture so that it leads you into the room.
Early bird race clue #1: This Montrose institution known for its darts and live music will be a Lone Star pint chug stop of the race.
Hey you!
Happy Birthday !! :) Love youu and hope youu had an amazing dayy!
happy anniversary, dad! love you guys & miss you!
Learn about Planning for College tomorrow on Perspective at Noon on WPWR
That's a nice cover. Reminiscent of Criss Cross Jazz's "in-the-City" look of their album covers.
DON'T EVER TAKE ADVICE FROM A PESSIMISTIC PERSON. THEY WILL DESTROY YOUR RELATIONSHIP IF YOU DO. WHY? BECAUSE THEY ARE HATERS.
is who I roll with consistently. YETH!
I am surprised is not following the guy (aside from the Bears) "has an identical resume" to hers,
now that I'm banned to the pool for a good portion of my workouts, I'll let u know if I get smarter!
#NoteToSelf: "The more I play D, the better we'll be." ~Andrew Bynum to
#rockstarteacher graciously chucks sweat-soaked brown paper towels to adoring students. Melee breaks out in front row.
probably not till producers stop picking the camera ;-)
U know what I'll take that half! Gotta be better to finish it tho!
Subjectivity is fashion's gift and its curse.
Friday Humor: "I'm a psychic amnesiac. I know in advance what I'll forget." --Michael McShane
you say your a bad bitch, but you have no car, no job, no money..your not a bad bitch your doing bad bitch lol
east side
#Shoutout To And !!!!!! Everyone follow them XD
did you see that the guy wit the white shirt on
great.. now u let it out of the closet..
I'm not really looking xD
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs
... speaking of 'Hack' shallow bigotry: just google umairh+old+white+men :D cc :\
hey. Keep that P.M.A.
Loved the 30 Rock live show. SO to Donald Glover being on it
Large iced latte -- the magic trick for getting through an HR presentation with content I've already seen/heard.
In the lib on a Sunday...What does a weekend feel like?
I think it's more a tie in device with the steam tv thing from a year ago. Think apple tv for steam. That seems more logical.
Oh in need of Starbucks! Nescafe coffee sucks!! #starbucks #starbucks!!!!! -.-"
oops! show this Friday. haha
Which Means That's All Tha Time Lbs .
. is singing "Fresh" for our Friday afternoon entertainment. "She's fresh, exciting!"
RT : GOP #vikings plan covers "everything from the turf down." I'm imagining vacant lot with football field on it?
Small business owners: Learn how to cut your credit card processing costs today at 1pm ET - bit.ly/cEcL4w
I have my speech tomorrow. Oh joy.
steal some covers, share some skin.
They call me the OCHO! Bc Im a pig in heat! a swine with out warning! WET!
Can not Keep the New "SNOCLOTHING" American Rebel's T-Shirt's in Stock. Next Shipment March 2012 Orders yours...www.SNOCLOTHING.com
C'mon we want more #delena scenes! & what r u thinking about? :( #TVDFamily #wearesad #stelena or
Malnourished.. Need some sanitary fruits, veggies, calcium, etc. Not this garbage corned beef hash MREs w' gravy.
YWCA Empowering Women Luncheon drew a record crowd Wednesday. Were you one for the 1,600 who attended?
overall allowance for more refugees and migrants, and recognition of illegals' place in the American workforce.
oh shit. who wants to go to beerfest in ohio
If you kick my train again, I will leave you on the platform with that mandolin player for all of eternity.
yes ! He's the shit !
We can't all be heroes, because somebody has to sit on the curb and applaud when they go by. - Will Rogers
Happy birthday to the beautiful :}
You need Mr. Miagi to nurture it back to health.
while you're up, think about finding this film by Dee Rees
happy B-Day
May day arrests according to estimated to be 35. live where protests continue.#KGWNightTeam 11pm
Yay!!!! We're shooting more today. Thanks for your support!
Hella pulled a muscle on my back :(
Up-Up-Down-Down-Left-Right-Left-Right-B-A-Select-Start just doesn't solve life's problems the way it used to
You must KEEP UP with the Assignment on your life!
Why do people that claim to hate licorice keep drinking my expensive gifted absinthe? You don't even like it!
Not me, I just welcomed them to the team
love to, all night long!! In need of a protein shot!!!
Arizona ice tea is the only thing that's keeping me sane right now. A giant Boo goes out to Minnesota Weather.
Money doesn't buy happiness.
RT ": I'm in here hyped as shit an my mom tells me to quite down so she can watch glee... "BITCH PLEASE!"" Hahaha
Brown penalty only the worst call I've ever seen... but I'll take the lead, Phoenix can beg for more gift calls
Happy B-Day!!!!
Crazy mug
Lol, very much so!
Watch Girls on HBO, because it's really difficult to write modern dialogue that doesn't sound like two interns raping Urban Dictionary.
I'm just a Holy Fool, oh baby he's so cruel, buy I'm still in love with Judas baby.
Wait, you're not still an undergrad? I could have sworn you were.
#90sareallthat nothing beats the old 90s shows. thank you for bringing them back!!
I went from a kiss on the cheek to doin the nasty.
Thank god it's Friday. Only 27 days of school left. Whoop!
Sorry for your earthly loss. Nothing like childhood friendships!
My problem is I am on SSI and this phone cost 2 much its part of a 3 phone plan
Huh! I own no green clothing.
That moment when you hear your parents telling your aunt and uncle EVERYTHING they've missed since they left. <<<<<<<<<<<<<
Dirty Dick's Crab House ;D
Congratulations Gophers! Enjoy your trip to the
go buy them then!!!! lol
thx for the
:) Keep pushin' you are almost done!!!! :)
36 hours ago I was sipping pink champagne in Midtown. This morning...starbucks courtside at a volleyball tournament. Good times, all.
said ~ we need to make it uncomfortable to behave in negative ways against women. we need a tipping point.
Just saw a "Polish and Proud" bumper sticker that was upside down. Needless to say it made me laugh so hard. Love Pollocks.
I'm a male! But I love the video you just post! #coolvideo :-)
how you doin?
I hear that sista
#MW3 Sucks balls. Sorry everyone.
sounds good, the most important thing is that the issue gets solved!
at WLCV and loving every minute of it :D
What's new?
Yeah Definitely.
I just got outa the bath tub to plug in my radio.. I wasn't dry yet... I electrocuted myself.. Still in shock.. Goodnight
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining, but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
I'm cooking up some internet magic, as usual. I'll take some ribs though! :-D
tweeting from molly and andrews wedding in medina...staying alive isnt the same with a rapper!
#Acting mantra "The difficult becomes habit. The habit easy. The easy . . . beautiful". ~ Stanislavsky, Moscow Art Thtr.
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
If you could describe me in 10 words, what would they be?
Increased my golf game a little bit today. Still a lot of progress to make to go pro. #dreams #sikemaybe?
Happy Mother's Day to the moms out there. I hope your kids spoil you today!
Good idea. Tx.
Robbie Cano's bat is slowly coming to life!
THANK YOU THANK YOU!
This project blowing me. -____-"
you and kiana are only gunna be 3. Hours away from me and maia =)
Message here "students do what's inspected, not what's expected" would not sit well with
saw another person leave the work bathroom with toilet paper stuck to their shoe. made sure not to tell them because I'm evil like that LOL
I want to see Demi Lovato this summer but I don't know who I would go with:(
Nice! Thanks for sharing your
Come home to me, come home to me, back into my arms, home where you belong
Sorry I meant that to be pic #4 my bad -
I really can't stand woody Allen. So not watching that one.
Planning a trip to Ireland for 2013. What is the one thing you recommend doing?
Now that's more like it! Which Le Peep works best for you?
hey OpsMarkets peeps, the password for the 82 Mercer wifi is admonsters2012
ss you know what happened. we got a referrel and a 1 hour. FML. i told him that we mixxed up shirts ....
i remembered my password!!! yayyyyy!! <33333
umm I might need to block you for the feed clutter. ;-)
See how great the future of jazz is - 7 great HS and college bands perform at the emerging artist stage.
Looking forward to the new shows at &
chloe please direct msg me your xbox gamertag i want to be friends with you please tell me i will not bother you on it
aww I love you.
We need some more Park faculty here to join the discussion on the merits of tenure...
M... Like a little under a month
I cant stop thinking about her..she is 4ever on my mind....I LOVE YOU.
; I don't need you, that's why I left you. So please, stop trying to grab my attention with your stupid comments. K? Thanks ;) <333
It's coming... Someone's coffee is gonna get the treatment...
I'm so mean I make medicine sick!!
- Keep up the great work!!!
Absolutely. I can't stand moochers. However, I say this and stay home with the kids. :)
My favorite is the spare tire. And the gold, of course.
&&&&&&&& im about to blaze this swishaaa
I want got suggested George Lopez, still not sure where that one came from!
We're bored to death in Heaven. And all alone in Hell. We only want to be ourselves.
NHL on NBC's "Name that squirt" is the most ill-named tv segment running
How can we help you with your transfer student?
It's totally normal to creep.
dude it was just a joke. My friend was tryin to remember my friend sandy's name and he couldn't figure it out, it was hil ...
No problem. Also praying for healing for your friends.
thanks for the mention!
#sagaftra #oneunion merger: went 2 info mtg, read docs, saw live streaming & voted 'YES' x 2 today, as proud member of both SAG & AFTRA.
Exactly what major demographic is the #nbaallstargame catering to with Nicki Minaj's shirtless male backup dancers?
Internet Explorer, I hate you more than ever - because you should have your act together by now.
awww... Makes me miss my pup... How you feeling? Going to be at SNS?
I used to respect wade. But he admits to taking the backseat to prince James. Chalmers, Haslem, Bosh, Battier. Fuck them.
Yeah....I am not sure it could have gone much better. Fun week!
omg me too! I have this + a huge box of korres stuff ordered a month ago I have yet to try! #product.hoarder :)
I MISSED U
Yesterday it was Newt Gingrich bots, today it's Wal-Mart bots. The twitter spam never ends.
morning baby love u!
Whiskey for the soul.
You got it! Steve was hosting the Homes for Heroes ribbon cutting and did a great job.
I didn't know you had access and thank you! when you are back online can you ping me?
oh hi sexiiiii.
MGE says they set new power record today between 3 and 4p, just about the time I turned my vol knob to 11 on Dirt Road Anthem
my wifi is annoying, its slower than my lan
My name is & is one of the best singers I have heard! haha see what happens when u leave your twitter open!
I'm sorry but my official WINNER#2 will not come out today..However, I will deliver a client pick that I like very much
the cab drivers in london ... soon as you say you american ... talk talk talk ... we are 'the great experiment' to da rest of the world !
The flopping is worse than soccer..
We're saving up. RT : About $325,000 RT How much does a 30 second ad cost on Monday Night Football?
Awwwe I love thay chevy commercial bout the guy tryna fix that old truck his dad gave him :/
woke up way too early and omg actually tweeted.. -lauren
i wish everything was different
Chilling with one of the besties(:
Callback just confirmed I have a meeting tomorrow with the Director for the film here in Atlanta....
Mrs. Ciaccia is a fucking bitch and I hope she dies during child birth.
the link just takes you to some girl's twitter?
Let's end the season the way we started it with a win over Kansas!
just on tests...
Thanks for everything
I'd follow whichever way you went bro
I hate it when I say something funny, and then someone says it louder and gets all the credit.
Soft Drinks: No. 1 Enemy In Obesity Fight?
My brother is celebrating Feaster. The day after Easter... Feasting + Horror Movies... Can I come.. Or?
hey its not my faul i left my gyn bag in my locker and and least i want to smell fresh!!
fuck yeah...there is a new app on our facebook page, you will be our first order. Will you be able to the wcv show?
Ugh some people are so fucking stupid it makes me sick
real recognize real brahh.
Women don't know what they want.. Men don't know what they have..
is so cute on right now. I think we are soulmates...
#whosgonnalose - Oklahoma v Stanford - Stanford will lose
Mucking our Twit feeds with all your affiliate wares is not what Twitter is for.... Please stop
Everything was made so convenient to rush out the door to work that good old fashion nutrition (from the soil) lost out.
t i am going to watch this video until i go to sleep let's get this to a million views in 1 week
Thanks for the follow!
You say cray instead of crazy? I bet you came up with that all on your own. -- Condescending Wonka ()
When you embrace conviction you embrace a set that will give you a standard by which you must live.
omfg! if this little girl doesnt stfu im going to beat the living shit out of her. i dont fuck care if she is seven!!!!!!!!!
. on #Smash: "Why is Leonard Nimoy in that wig?"
then he needs more friends. It's part of a well rounded friends group.
Everything started to collapse in the same 5 months. What happened to being happy and STAYING happy? Now I'm just hoping for a real smile.
I saw a pic of one of these a couple days ago. So sick! But I do still love the Cayenne. Next on my list is a G Class
Well, I was thinking of an organized event in March, but disorganized meetings beforehand are a great idea!
-Lunch?! What's that!! Enjoy doll! XOX
Crazy official post-NAMM day at the NOTION Music office. Everyone moving really slowly and red lights blinking on all phones.
They was gud but Dm ur number so I can txt yu
ICM crowd: have a copy of 's book , please check the signatures. If it is made out to me, I would LOVE to get it back.
Just got done having a mud fight. Cant believe im as girly as i am and had a mud war with the besties!!!
#IfIWasPresident march 1st would be a national holiday and beliebers would all get off school for that & all other bieber related functions
No problem
Ok then ill ask(:
I wanna shower but my cousin is outside playing and my instincts say BITCH if that were your kid you wouldn't do it!
hottest men ever !!!!
Cant wait to eat at #geris tn
don't ruin the greatness!
Sex. In America an obsession. In other parts of the world a fact
Trying hard to resist AC for the first time this year. Hope two fans do the trick.
MT : this sequence makes my pt abt #musicindustry. jazz is black gift to world and its creators can't get airtime...
e van do to you
Let the winds blow outside. Warm up with new spring merchandise. Open Friday and Saturday 9:30 am to 6:00 pm.
Im still ride'n with San Antonio pops think he know the game better than me.
Thanks bud! I Can't wait for it to get here
Breakfast sounds nice right about nah!
you were the man this post season. I am proud to be a NINER fan. I am however not a KW fan right now. All Ways bring it hard
Same :( :( Then I'm off to the Ville lol
we set up a group meeting for 10:30am. i don't wanna have to wait for you cuz you're buying concert tickets...
Thanks... I am the limerick laureate of Dawgwood lane.. :-)
Join us tonight for dinner featuring our 2 for $25! Choose two great entrees for only $25
No other modeling book out there even touches on what you talk about!
Had my first HF QSO tonight. My fellow #HamRadio geeks will appreciate that. But still a few antenna tuner woes.
And that's your ballgame. 3-1 Mariners in 11 innings. Ichiro gets 5 hits in home country. All-nighter was worth it. HAPPY BASEBALL SEASON!
I loved that piece.
Up. Agenda: Completion of packing/cleaning, shower, bagels, and eventually, HOME!
what a shame Satchel Paige could not have had a long MLB career! No telling what he would have accomplished.
Ofcourse! Hey, this is your two week warning until I'm in town! Let's do something fun!
Idk..we just ordered pizza
#teamjacob...He's the better guy. Let the melee begin!!
it says it couldn ot be found sorry sis
Occupy Pauls Club Rally up and running. Myself and headling, DJ has declined to appear.
Great idea #787: All Caucasian airlines. The name? White Flight.
#4DAYS Till #BOYFRIEND !!! I Can't Wait!!(: Follow Me?(:
Hahaha! I'm sure they are honored to have such a dedicated fan.
Thanks for the retweet!
Watching WWE RAW love it :) can't wait for wrestlemania
I'm kind of in love with your gf. I may steal her next time she's in Sac.
Humbled by the opportunity to speak with top NATO officials today at HQ in Brussels - everybody seems excited about upcoming Chicago summit.
Sounds fab! Must come for a drink.
Guess who just time traveled from 1:59am to 1:00am? This guy.................. Wait, what do you mean everydone did?
where is your favorite place for fried fish?
Is that the new Roger Sterling auto biography?
try singing in the microphone.
Did you know that if you dream about someone you want something from them? Cant sleep.
no! I wish! That's what I'm trying to get outta him! Lol
Can someone xplain to me how I get a twitter app for my new blackberry
First step in the acquisition of wisdom is silence, the second listening, the third memory, the fourth practice, the fifth teaching others.
#RyanKennedy Trend it!!!!
would a one last kiss help? *kisses ur lips*
my mom is so exited about your CD coming out tonight. Shes going to walmart at midnight to get her own copy.(:
It sounds fun but I have no Man right so I'm back to the old fashion way lol
yeah. I just wish their master plan would keep its paws off other people's content.
RT happy b-day to u 2 days from today and me today
What disease would you eradicate if you could?
so u just gone get down on me! I've been PUNKD! Why u get down on me I was on some real nigga shit!
Jason Bonham should be shot for that remix of Black Dog.
understandable and u ain't dare lol in person fa u to put it
Thank you ; looks good!
Wow ok so I like him and he likes me but then he goes for a different girl. :/
Did I know? used to work 4 a famous child molesting clown.
Both are great, as long as you are investing in yourself. However, online education is very helpful for busy people!
Ball so hard
Mother's Day BBQ with my second fam.... yum!
You have NO IDEA.
True. I did like the line about HR being a joke and Toby having no power. One line does not redeem 22 awful minutes, though.
I'm not in Williamsburg
...around & walk in the other direction?
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
right now: listening to DE LA SOUL and being a white IT guy in my shitty cube in america.
RT : 16. I think global warming, evolution and equality are stupid.
all good. How's Philly?
Time isnt fair when i listen 2 sublime
Haha. Cool idea, right? They consistently amaze and inspire.
rude cant even tag me!!!!! and thats not what the #sxswswag tag is for
NO didn't you hear my flow? Rojo is stuck in jail, because he couldnt get bail lmao
56 Days 10 Hours 28 Minutes until Techweek 2012 Conference+Expo... where does the time go?!
You know that thing about laughing so hard till your stomach hurts......it's true
Dont fall in love with somebody you can live with,fall in love with someone you cant live without..[: <3
Sounds like fun! Open today @ 4pm! Gallery Nite on Friday! Be excited!
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life? Next Thursday would work so much better for me
finna go to work N make dis cash - on my day off - just cause - LOL..... Ya Digg..
yes its a male!!
"Holy shit, I'm gonna die!" -every Smartcar driver, ever
Hey zendaya fans if you like us follow us we are also going to start a fanpage on Facebook so we will let you know on that ..
#mommausetosay don't be sticking yo thing in everything that screams
Its too HOT outside! Thank god for AC units!!!
Lakers must be losing. Ahp well. I'm ready for football already
hey lets talk I have a book coming
Amazing. Ready for more radio theater!
Morrison wants to hear speakers, seconds ppd
Everyday is a great opportunity to make a difference!
give users the option of trading in unlimited data for the choice of upgrading EVERY year instead of every other year. Cont...
Yea... she was mean but oh well no ones perfect.....
Happy Mothers Day from the UK Nunn Center...Interview your mother today...and archive the interview with us as well!
Don't you hate when youre on a mission and then mid-mission you forgot what it was you were so determined to do!
I'm outside holding my ears.
So that inception pic that reblogged totally made me wanna watch inception
if i gone one day i be back one day
"You can't eat the orange and throw the peel away - a man is not a piece of fruit." - Willy Loman, as played by Philip Seymour Hoffman
today cranking out some new content for the website/blog and catching up on industry reading- I LOVE working here :)
I'd love to think about penning a guest post after the talk, as I need to get a sense of how scholars WANT to talk to pubs.
alright . lol . im sure we both know .
I finally got the privilege of watching home movies last night!! Better than I ever imagined haha
What's good fam
In digital age, it makes no financial sense to cut down trees, entire process of producing newspaper.
I hope u fellas r serious cuz this sounds like a good time
Sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex that's the most sex some of you have encountered lately.
Sure thing, , happy to help
music as usual!!! And thx for asking btw!!!!
Need to print a project or paper? Printing is free to all Sullivan University students! We have black and white and a color printer
Why the hell doesn't Photoshop have spell check?
Have you been hitting up any of our local farmer's markets lately? What have been your favorite spring finds?
I'm giving you an order woman!!!! Tweet me NOW or no dessert for you.
Is it weird that I think unique is wonderful. She he it always performers great numbers.
Same lady from back when i was in high school still works at Mi Hacienda. Surprised she still remembers me.
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
throw me, , and on that list, yo!
George Lucas is making a prequel to Star Wars?!?! There is a god!
Finally Friday
Ah!!! It's so fudging hot!! 90 freakin' degrees!! Bleh!! I am so NOT liking Washington right now!
Fuck, now I have to plug it in.
Loving Tuesdays at the Castle. Super fun fantasy for kids!
advises j-educators to focus less on specific skills and more on approach, attitude, ethic, ability to learn
Hello! How's your week going? :)
Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers RT : With #MarchMadness over bring on #FrozenFour Go #Gophers!!!
I don't know, I asked her and she told me today she is not locked into any convention or set to attend any.
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
20 hours 54 minutes until tip-off.
Father and son, both with matching oxygen tanks, just say down at a booth.
"Massive" open online courses or "massively" open online courses?
Always a great day when the Bears win!!!!!
is this real life?!
word! its going to be epic
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN!!! &heart;
It is utterly amazing how quickly people dismiss things that they aren't familiar with and fall into groupthink.
RT : The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you. ~John E. Southard
We think that is pretty freakin' special. You'll agree after you hear him #singit 2night at !
hahaha did you watch those videos I sent you? He a fool
If I was Jets I would not do a press conference to introduce the backup QB. It shows me that they are interested in the circus.
LBs Marcus Dowtin and Eddie Jones were working off to side during early part of team drills.
This Blows I am stuck at home on Halloween.....my favorite holiday. Yes, Halloween is a holiday
Me too! RT Excited to meet my fellow VIP bloggers tmrw- some old friends, many new.
Happy Daylight Saving Time! Where did ny hour of sleep go?
thanks very much. I hope the same for you! I'm keeping you in my thoughts and prayers :)
9 is my number and 11 is my b'day so I gotta Love that!
that's not a good thing
Pistachio shells are brutal on the nails! I'm going to need a manicure!
Good luck!
Let it snow? NO! I like the mild winter. Safe to drive. Easy to want to be out & about instead of holed up in the house! Awesome Nov/Dec!
If you haven't failed at least once in the last week, you're doing it wrong. Why are you playing it so safe?
just put on the lion king soundtrack when getting into his car
Work time!
However, babies stop crying when Alf yells at them to shut up.
Nothing T.T you?
come on Native American history paper..... so. close. Did you finish?
WHAT THE FUCK.
Looks like DOJ is catching up with concealed carry license application processing. Mine was issued right around the 21-day mark.
Spent the day in mtgs browsing iPad stylus options. Solid.
They sold out at Bridgeport before I could get there, 6:10pm.
Room monitoring at #pla12 is allowing me to see programs I might not otherwise have attended. Learning about NFC technology right now!
Yeah, that's always entertaining!
I was kind of excited for the #Royals today until I saw that it's Verlander day. Total downer.
Thanks for the add! My focus is to bring the Beauty Counter to you! Stay tuned for Beauty tips all year!
Rest in Peace, MCA.
good evening to everyone on twitter... I myself had a wonderful day and are haveing a beautiful nite!!!~ cheers to everyone!!!~
Hey whats good people. I have my music video coming soon. Its for my single VA BAE ft. Reginald Doles.
should've invited me :p
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS. English - We Speak It. History - Hitler was right. Math- 1+1=2 Beyonce taught us that .Spanish - We Have Dora.
today is a good day for a sick day!
Nash did a great job of using the hearing to address concerns. Foster Youth with me said CLC protocol too confusing.
Alright. I am just going to say Monday is the day and see you there.
female its calle mi hair was curled obvously we had 2fire drill b4 lunch and we all noe yuh jus fina do yo hair again #WOOP!
Wishing everyone a great ne year!
thats what happens when you've got goodie as a mentor
So how was the weekend Milwaukee?
I weighed Fiona and she's about 16#. I have a feeling that's a touch overweight. How did you get Oliver to shed the poundage?
Gia is so ADORABLE!!
It's only comes in waves and then goes away. Well it must be chemical.
planet of the apes marathon
Let us know if there is anything we can do to support the Feb 28 & Feb 29 Drive #savinglives cc:
I just love Arizona rain!
I love that movie
The Lord is not slack on HIS promises....HE can't lie
You bet. Thanks for bringing value to our space.
did they have it?
thanks for the support. Always happy to help
Dudes so 2 yrs ago , it ain't even funny
5Lbs of pork roll?Holy Shitballs!We need a porkroll themed party,including cocktails. :-)
#threewolfshirt One day I won't have to wear my three wolf shirt to show my aggressive side.
The plan was to go grab some clothes. Instead, I'm grabbing food. Strange
QDRO's - Qualified Domestic Relations Orders
just did
I feel the same about casting. I've been asked why my stuff isn't "diverse". Talent and attitude trump race, gender, etc.
is my inspiration and I love her so much!She is doing good on Victorious also! Keep up the good work miss grande!
Two extra tix to botar-what are up to this weekend??
why Jessie??? He is amazing!!!!! Omg eliminations tonight broke my heart
Why do I feel guilty painting over old canvasses?...:( 10 yrs later I'm a much better artist-but feel like I'm erasing my past with a brush
Come on 3 O'Clock!
so i walk into class and my professor came over talking bout sea rays this weekend
At the park with my lil one. A Grandpa said "quit being retarded". Wow, pc please?
completely incomplete
chandler is a goon
cooking is quite therapeutic
DID YOU KNOW? Social Media has overtaken pornography as the #1 activity on the Web! Our online atmosphere is more dependent on Social Media.
Got a couple new toys in the studio this week that are really feeling like game-changers..
Bored in the Guidance Office. Long day. Musical practice then band rehearsal...*sigh..* Text me!!!
No, my status is not about you anymore, i have other things in my life.
Top 10 Features Users Want From Google+ Brand Pages
what test do you have?
That's what I'm sayin'...
Daughter went to play at friend's new house. Supposed to pick her up. Realized I don't have their street address *or* phone number.
What's up
#indenial #justcaughtupwithsleep [I just got the list of books I'll need for my multicultural materials class- pumped! :) ]
We're thinking about what we can do for the community to recognize Earth Day this year... maybe a free community document shredding day.
haha I meant vs #Bulls lol
yeah I'm alone :( lol fuck
thanks love :)
as uw fan utthoff thing is gross BUT unlike most coaches bo does not run under performing players out of program. See crean, izzo
Stop by Camos Brothers this week and enter your business card to win 2 FREE 20" Pies! Delivered to your office on Tuesday!
which one are you in the picture? lmao.
missing my gurl Like a black gurl miss her weave
I hope everyone has a merry christmas<3(:
Today I learned about PBCore, a standard for audio/visual metadata. I WANT TO PLAY WITH IT.
best flavor
he used to visit the store I worked in selling his book. He was an awesome story teller.
i haven't had starbucks in like 3 years...
doing my nails on a shitty day
Working on this new design for our apparel.. Taking an idea in my head and putting it down on paper with our graphics genious is always fun
you're awesome :) Thank you!
Keep up the solid work on i2k. Loving these articles!
Your custom videos would be a great reward and project on Use it to pre/up-sell
Miracles and Modern Madness!
Reid just held up a peace sign and said "Burgundies!!"
Its not a sex tape if we know it coming. If she was smart she would make VIVID give her a contract
Lots of #appengine evolution to get my head around!
Toucher! : I love Carson too lol (:
I guess that's why I wound up in TV not print! Paul-A!
Tattoos, Weed, Clothes, & 'Swag' Does NOT Make You A Boss. A Diploma, A Degree, & A Job Does.
Eating some lamb biryani.
I'm up at 2a for work. So there's no use going to sleep :(
would love to if I can. Thanks
SO in love with this picture!
WATER BED.
For filmmakers who loved making movies when they were kids, like us, and for film lovers who are still 80s kids at heart, go see SUPER 8!
today is Kona Sunrise Rotary.
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us
Why aren't you?
new Binghamton U president: Dr. Harvey Stenger.
Never a dull moment
Those are adorable. More than I can spend for this project, but adorable.
I'm on my way to the bus, heading back up north.
david said he told you!! its a bar crawl on saturday, do iitttttttttt !!
Woohoo writing a new song!! =)
Have your antiques evaluated for $5 each on 3/3 & 3/4 Antique & Collectibles Show Proceeds benefit us!
correction, homework on a Saturday night<<<<
RT Lining up Milwaukee's best musicians for a new song I'll be recording with milwaukee's best producer &manager
On our way to Murphy NC! Come on out if your nearby!
I hear ya. We do HIV and STD testing and hep a-b vaccination for free. That could be a gentle selling point. Free condoms too.
Disappointed in those 2011 figures? TPS will get you in front of your B2B customers...guaranteed.
Yeah and then I got home and I'd promised to help my sister with a tree mural for her daughter's birthday.
an old grandma that JaccTrippa turned out! Hahaha
no. So many have been much better.
please keep the Joffrey slaps coming
yo! Went last time and didn't love it. All about Gjelina though.
Garnet got up! Sheesh..
Go follow !!!
When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.
chewing stride always mandarin gum again. it's very delicious - eugene
I know right. im gonna love being 17 almost as much as I have loved 16....maybe more!
Big deal. I'm never wearing pants (when drinking).
I got too hungry to stay at the library. Good luck with your paper!
indeed. The confirmation gives us something solid to look forward to now lol Now to hope for sneak peeks! :D
Email me if you want me to go on the road with you. I can be a bodyguard/bg singer/tour manager/t-shirt seller/life coach/M&M counter, etc.
It might seem like I have a ridiculous amount of underwear, but I only gotta do laundry once a month, bitch.
Shout out at the burgess mtg from pres campbell to the "very young man" spearheading social media- go you, whoever u r!
Good morning!
Wat after school
One more hour to share your favorite love song with us for a chance to win 2 tickets to Sat.'s Carnegie Mellon Chamber Orchestra!
we had the option to walk the track or play softball, and i was the only girl playing -_-
Moving Forward In Life
Finally watching?!?!
Breath me.
It's scary to think that nothing can kill that 0.01% germ.
#joefrazier it was such a pleasure meeting you at Bookitinvegas.com launch party. RIP my friend
Go to the library. Meet the cool info pros who work there & get new ideas about what to do with your degree/passion.
Hey, you have been sending spam/ virus twits about nasty things being send...check your account
Defense expert: "The sleep-related complex behaviors associated with the drug" can occur the 1st time one takes it or not until 500th time.
says "It's going to be a world of people who write code & those who don't."
yea... But it could happen lol :)!! Oh we can have a chain of interviews!!
welcome to our twitter world! fyi we also have a London one:
#artpolitics "recessive acting" or "quiet politics"
That's it, I'm going in for giant coffee
I'm not figuring u out but there reporters on flyers beat who like start things aka the whole Richards thing (cont)
King of Kings and Lord of Lords! He is risen.
How is everybody's Sunday going?
You really think so? Can the team get any lower with bad news than this off-season?
Ill be so happy when I get off work ehh =/
The are in the house answering phones at the Radiothon!!
okay, i won't then... idk i'm gonna let it charge cos it was dying when i was in the middle of texting you.
Thank you to Liasa Sugg who's making all this work & come together. THANK YOUU LIASA!!!!!!!!
Colorblocking! #nasagoesneon RT : Hey how would you re-style the #NASA astronauts for a pre-launch press conference?
Been a productive but Hectic day. How are you doing twatters?
haha! I'll tell him to look you up when he gets back to the west coast
You're right, I don't want this to go to a battle of wits because clearly you'd be fighting unarmed.
What if I don't go to warped?
#ePrdctn That's what I thought. I can't tell if people are assuming iPad, Kindle, or even just our website. Thanks!
I kid about Traverse City. I grew up in SW Mich. Thus we joke about anything above the first knuckle.
I don't have plans to attend just yet as I have a busy wkd ahead, but I'll let ya know if I end up being able to make it
... the screen on my iPhone just cracked. I guess I should probably get a case for it.
Yeah, bad timing. I'll look forward to following your tweets. Keep me in mind if you meet any
Speaking of "Pelotero" at #CIFF my colleague Paul Hoynes is tweeting everything #indians from spring training. Get your #tribe on.
She's nice sometimes to nice if it was a couple years ago she'd be totally tooken advantage of
sorry! My laptop was spazzy so i kept pressing the follow button many times. I'll re-follow you :)
Yes, I'm coming too! Yay we can finally party together :) It's been too long!
RT : He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.
RT Can't believe it's the last day of April!
Great weekend to make babies!
because people down talk things they don't understand..they rather the unlyrical shit music that uses kindergarten words
#afpmeet startling experience and new insight into how to handle a workshop
- Ditto here... I think I'm going with Rob - I have J. Nelson also from GB and nobody from NE playing...
LOL...Always Romo fault huh? Tony least of our problems...fact.
ugh. Guess that's the danger of family owned business :(
Gonna get your new Nike jersey online as soon as my beloved Browns draft you!! U will OWN this town...
Programmed music no Bass no live drums and the sound system sounded horrible what is going on? They had about 400 members.
So sleepy today
Hello Soho!
I had a neighbor who wouldn't date until his child was in high school, like 10th grade. Don't know how he managed.
we just got a boxer puppy and soo many people have asked if she is a pug because she is only 7wks and tiny
Bom sounds like she's saying "Boy I don't care, with my hot hair" LOL!
some of your tweets crack me up!!
Does anyone have experience with #UnitedHealthcare #infertility coverage? I am trying to get a copy of the #rider and #BuyUp option.
Being a mother is learning about strengths you didn't know you had, and dealing with fears you didn't know existed. ~Linda Wooten
"Pity nor fucks were ever given" -
Max & Ruffy's fans in Oregon, you can now find our treats at Animal Crackers! www.animalcrackerspetsupply.com
Great run !!
Pleasant Valley ES and Galena High School will be closed Friday January 20, 2012
At work, just ate an old tuna sandwich, and a half of cookie (other half unknown) Why did I do that?
finally a day without homework thank god
I know... no need to go gorilla on me.
thanks for the follow glad I met you
5 years- $110 million for Matt Cain, what? Wow, Hamels and Lincecum owe you a big thank you. They will get bigger deals.
I love that takes time to tweet her peeps(;
All I remember is the sound. Uh oh.
ayee . i miss you too. i cant even think of da last time i seen YOU lol . can u ?? haha
When Your walking home alone, see someone scary, and pretend to be talking on the phone with your dad about his new gun ;D
I'M IN THE MOOD FOR MEXICAN I HATE YOU >:E
Currently have nine Gchat windows open, all but one is listed as "--- is busy. You may be interrupting." I call bullshit, you IMed me :P
loved China, now on to JAPAN!
also if you want you can follow our personal accounts: :) We follow back :]
Thank you for those who came out to Apartment 720 last night for our Birthday Bash, it was a blast!!!
Wow! King Henriq! Just Look Amazing! :-)
Stop staring at the clock!!!
Lord, Father Son and Spirit God, send your angel today to release me from my prisons, keep me in you way, and send me to specific people.
so happy for you!
I'm gonna shave off half of my hair and dye the rest blue. Guys are gonna be all over me.
then monday night there will be cocktails?
I got a pair of tix burning a hole in my pocket...giving 'em away in 5 min. -
Garrett Carey:1952-2012. remembers him for his gentle spirit & proving that supportive housing is the solution to homelessness.
would you like me to go for pictures
Dance like there's nobody watching; love like you'll never be hurt; sing like there's nobody listening; and void where prohibited by law.
Yes, in fact is a big fan of Nirvana.
Just ROCKED that nursing final.. Summers so close I can smell it!
one more chance for the Sox If Pirates get more and/or Sox 3rd out so am I! very tired,ain't given up quite yet #gotobelieve w/no enthusiasm
No prob man! We're pumped to have ya in the ranks!
smh see you tried to play me already lol
Don't even get me started on Phaedra with her over the top celebrations. She is going to ruin her chid. I. just. can't.
Check that, Wake should find out if he can knuckle that stupid crystal ball into a brick wall. I mean seriously?
Captain America!
I must have some lame friends.
#Rangers on BEAST MODE once again. Condolences to anyone who has Rick Porcello on their fantasy team.
congrats, forever prosper
Don't pull me down, this is where I belong I think I'm different, this is where I belong
bro did u put the RUG shit togather, cause I'm seein it everywhere...or is another group of rug niggas who jockin styles
Here here! RT : We do too! Up next: the logo!
The Louisiana Research Collection will close early tomorrow, due to Tulane's closing at 1pm. Catch us at the #Saints parade, #whodats!
Ppl r bad liars :p
What's your BEST piece of wisdom to new Event Planners? Please share and we'll share your shares!
Arthur Miller and Marilyn Monroe? Is bringing to DC?
Maybe I should just leave you guys alone.
Sometimes the world is way too small.
You know who's happy about all this Mel Gibson stuff?
u2 thanks
I have had a great time teaching social media classes this week as part of Tech Week at the Library. This afternoon: Hilliard branch!
is it safe to call him Broadway Tebow?
don't ever dare to talk with me!
anyone know where to play tennis is #NYC that doesn't require a permit?
It matters not; The game was over when #Toronto scored 4.
Heyy Big head ! How your day going
i think looks gorgeous on regis and kelly. lovin the hat and make up =]
paper mag huh? You guys are keepin it hip...
a muffin, a really good cup of coffee, and two Advil. ;)
Don't let one lie control your life!
Don't you hate when you get that one text where you're just like, "How the hell do I reply to this?"
also wishes she didn't have to work tomorrow...
Clickbank Affiliate Tips - Making Money Online With Clickbank
You're ridiculous! They don't know what they're talking about. LeBron is the best player in the NBA. Period.
We're at the Social Being Social Media Seminar at Comfort Inn and Suites.
I dont like the feeling of not being liked. did that even make sense?
all the time. So much easier to keep working than transition into home duties
Sorry, I just have to pee..
Great run... but the pit stop? :( RT Excellent 6.5-mi run, complete w/ pit stop behind undisclosed tree along river
I feel like I'd be sketched out being next to Lady Gaga. She's so creepy
1 day i'm going to be a millionare. The Lord didn't call me to be busted and broke. nope not I..maybe you
running on a treadmill >>> running on the road. Especially when it is 90+ outside
Wish you and Jess could be celebrating St Paddy's day this weekend in Chicago with me and , hope you are doing well!
Married to the game rock a chain instead of wedding rings
Super excited to perform at Girl Next Door - A Pole Dance Soiree tomorrow!
HOLY SHIT KAITLYN YOU DRIVING IS SCARIER THAN SEX
With four days to go- Both sides claim it's time to compromise. Watch CBS19 for the latest on the Debt Debate & hear from Rep. R. Hurt
Were on another journy today guys. :)
that awkward moment when you watch someone get fired...interesting night last night
If you don't like kids don't teach?
What if its spam ? RT : if u dont answer someones tweet back u are not cooler then them you are just boring
TONIGHT is UPTOWN FRIDAY NIGHT at RAS HALL!!
And don't get me wrong, I wasn't disagreeing with your initial statement ;)
Insanity in individuals is something rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.
congrats to you Glen! That's got to be fun gig. We were just there is Santa Monica at the studio with you all.
Some twitterbots, I just don't get.
Aww she's beautiful!
why you say that?
The Senate losing another moderate Republican with announcing she will not run for reelection. We moderates are a dying breed.
men its year not going that good
They are Laker Fans im guessing but Clippers are only down by 8
Is doubling Kobe really worth it?
Long runs are only on the weekends. I don't know if I'll do 10 again though. That took like 16 hours. Lol
Thanx for the follow!! :D
and I are guilty of judging people right now
check dm in a minute.
Look out pizza man. You dress like pizza you get treated like pizza!
goo goo dolls and train usually go on between 1 and 2 here, so yes if you make it up that late
Who is the best summertime band?
u r very serious LOL
The details. OH THE DETAILS!!
It is so Fuckin humid,
Hey Blake don't listen to some nerd who bases their twitter and life off of reality TV. He is a talentless prick.
yes that face . theres definantly a reason behind it and im sure you know what it is
Thank you for your feedback, Chad. We'd love to hear more about your experience. We always want to find way to improve.
Pass the word! Get me to 100 page likes! #100 and whomever referred them will get a free portrait session!
Check out the many ways to say "cool" in #Spanish, by country... in a calligram map!
value is an understatement. I see data in a whole new way now. Looking forward to seeing you again - where are you speaking next?
I'll follow you anywhere
Oh yea...free trial... That sounds kinda creepy...
My girl old fashion after a nite on the town we finish off smashin
I find it interesting when ppl I enjoy following have passive aggressive beef w/ someone. Case in point: & Erik Spoelstra.
woot airrick! cant wait for another awesome show!
thanks I wanna get higher
like the new website design!!
Less money we spend on the bullshit, the more for the weed
Wish I could spend mothers day with my amazing momma but of course she's at a soccer tournament.
Back from the beach with the family. A little sunburned, but had a fun time.
I could call all anime fans hateful bigots because of my experience with a few, but I don't
uh prob leaving at 6 or around then. U? It's at 630 right?
#Coolstorybro No, I mean really. I'm not being sarcastic... That story was pretty freaking cool. Tell it again.
#CrewLove trend it? :')
CHALLENGE ALERT! Take a picture with your Fit2Go bag, and you will win a FREE Fit2Go T-shirt. And, may we add, it is a great exercise...
Make that 2. I only use it from computer, too.
Great day yesterday! Hung out with great people and mixer! Looking forward to a very busy weekend!
Aaron; I live in TX. We pay a hell of a lot more for insurance than we did in Indy, and it's crappier.
i cant believe i got sick. tf? i never get sick...i wanta go die
Been trying to gain youtube subscribers before I upload new clips
Hahah heck ya!
I want another one of those Oreo sundaes it's hot AF too!!
what's going on man. Are you guys still looking for records for VALI?
I'm surprised the nets aren't on fire with the way this game is going. I mean at this rate we could top a HUNDRED combined points.
It's going 2 b 1 of thos ... Interesting days ...
ill Watch that too!
happy birthday 7!!!hope you have a great birthday
Purplespace is sending good vibes your way. :-D
Headed to another town hall in Garfield this a.m.
classic track.
3 out of 3 correct on the Slocum Memorial Quiz! I've always found the story of the General Slocum morbidly fascinating.
Thanks for the love and wish ya were here! Ryan says hello from
it makes me not want to get an industrial omfg.
I'm just trying to use Twitter for good, not for evil.
Why can't Colin Firth host the #oscars?
loved your article on Pilot season.
that's a good thing then,you'll be remembered when/if he blows :) that's a plus
#woftreats good advice
At least it wasn't replaced by salt...
RT : giving a shout out on air to Culinary Local 226 while on radio
I think it's Durant time
"there is nothing to fear, but fear its self" You apparently never met my teacher
All it took was patience
When you gone be back in the city big cuz?....
What was it like working with Aaron Tveit on A Girl Walks into the Bar?
that's awesome..I'm getting better..but I still freak out when they screaming
Please file that last tweet under "stupid shit my Mayor says from time to time (meaning, hourly)".
Dame Judi Dench was in his trailer while he was naked, and she called it a "monster", lol!
tweets about it
Spartans of Michigan State!
spaghetti + meatballs or meat sauce. discuss.
It has come & gone!
Why do you think that so many criminals get indeterminate sentences? (e.g. 25 to life)
I finished the first one last night. It actually wasn't that hard to review it! I'm gonna knock out the other 2 tonight.
nice free throw shooting there at the end.
how are you feeling?
Share our page with your friends and family - everyone can follow there favorite food trucks here!
Why does the World Cup have game after the team's are eliminated? What's the point?
THAT WAS HILARIOUS! I took screenshots which are now all over face book
SPLASH BASH @ FREEDOM ELEMENTARY, SATURDAY APRIL 14TH 5-7!! WEAR BLACK, $5 & BRING YO SUPA SOKAS!!!! THE MORE THAT COME THE MORE FUN IT IS!!
Off to Therapy I go.
is amazing and we have interesting conversations on the bus (:
Nigh-nigh, Bjorn & Nick~~
Flying almost directly over my In Laws house at 33,000 feet.
THEY LOOK SO GOOD.
The trip to Green Bay tomorrow is in the bag. Note to self: Make the BIG thermos of Costa Rican blend.
Yogis of the himileghias
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.
Quite a long day. Team USA brought home one medal today. Congrats to Crystal Weekes for winning a bronze medal in female heavyweight.
's closet.
My client, Synergy Design and Construction, was on a live news show today.
Your Money: Enthusiastic About Car Sharing? Your Insurer Isn x2019;t
It's sad when I have to remind my boyfriend not to forget his retainer before bed.. he needs to keep me around.
...and subsequently use me as fuel.
one and what? NOT! #ForgiveYaBen ;-}
Fucc you scorpion looking ass....
He better not go to OT on Christmas eve. Too many kids are depending on him!
MT David Phelps got his 1st MLB win today as the Yankees beat the Orioles 8-5 :) ...<<Congrats...well deserved...!
I honeslty LAUGH at niggas who THINK they have game.
i wish i was seeing you on tour! oh well. Have fun! :)
"We don't need a world of "A" students. I'm a "C-", myself." Duck Dynasty
Not acceptable. Please DM your address and we'll investigate.
Just saw a pic of Miley Cyrus hitting a bong
- how you feelin?!
love it xo
Thanks for the love for they are doing great work!
Was your thermos/flask glowing in the dark at #WrestleMania? Can you one of those bad boys instead of a flashlight!
Ive lost a few incredible women along the way, I had to get in tune with the rhythm of Gentle - Sonny Long
#sschat Shannon from KY, work at Ed. Coop and love the chat, I take ideas back and share and encourage our folks to utilize chats & Twitter.
2 months and counting til the season opener at lucas oil raceway! Can't wait!
#IWantToHave a pet midget and feed him grapes and gerbil feet
me and adam really do!
New Berlin police confirm three dead and three injured in Sunday crash. The latest on this story LIVE AT 5:00 Todd Hicks TMJ4
lol are you serious!
RT Why in the world do people have kids && they know they can't take care if them?!
HEY!! Fuck you buddy
Math teacher is the biggest dumbass. We all failed a test, guess that means we're all bad students? Oh yeah, because that makes sense...
Trainer Trey is about to embark on a triathlon training odyssey. <Insert pun about the number 3 below>
"I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty or give me death" - Patrick Henry, March 23rd, 1775
Can't believe I've been silent on twitter for so long... time to get back into tweeting!
you would when im at school!
He's being trained indoors on papers (pads taste good!). Good one day=treats/Next morning he'll go on floor not on papertray
it's a great book!
Brazil's Rousseff achieves record approval: newspaper James Murdoch denies using papers to testify
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. Destitutus ventis, remos adhibe - Latin Proverb
I'm not complainin', I'm explainin'.
LMFAOOOOOOO! WHAT YOU COOKING?
ALEC: Always Looking to Empower Corporations
Delighted to be participating at the Governors Education Summit put together by in Carey, NC.
Come by the Brazos table We're selling Inuchan and a selection of our best books!
look into my eyes baby
thanks Joe! ;)
When will Miller Park host another All Star game.? They deserve a massive do over. MKE and that park is so much better now.
for i start epping it, its a rumor i wanna clear up. some bum ass niqqa from purp game claimin i stole his song, i dropped adidas in 09,
much appreciated!!!
Are you pinning away on ? We would love to follow you! RT with your name so we can pin away together! :)
how's that for a legacy huh?
Now marathoning Misfits on Hulu. Great series.
uhh that was yesterday & yeah!
2nd hand diamonds are the answer to responsible mining. More than enough already out there
pretty sure you could've told me the day I came over.
Spilled a full #flyingdog @ #camdenyards. Very bummed
This day in history...many years ago...a baby was born in a snow storm. Today it's 85 degrees. Warmest birthday ever!
Hey we are loving the cool new logo!
idk yet i still have to find out if i got accepted to Navajo Prep if i dont then i might go to volcano or del norte?
and it's gone on like this, for 3 years i guess / and we're drunk all the time and our lives are a mess. -
I swear falling asleep to dylan holland is the best (:
"The Princess Bride" is the first to come to mind.
We must be in the same room right now. Let's chat at the end of the session!
People need to learn how to keep it 100 because honesty is the best answer.
i just realized i forgot to @ you in a tweet from last night...but way to invite to your show, jerkface
You may not want to risk it, but if you delete the account you want to switch to, the name becomes available in a few days.
Great class tonight everyone!
High of 48 on Friday. Yikes!
most have medical ins. Players wanted money to do what they wanted. That is what legacy was. If you qualify you get it.
now it hits Doral? It just stopped raining here lol
Jamey Carroll just used the phrase "The bomb dot com". Haha, what a douche.
Editing videos
well u ever notice me ;(
"Fuck you...beyond beyond beyond!" - Sayquan's immitation of a drunk girl in elevator. lol
Happy 100th birthday Fenway Park!
#familyfeud===> #steveharvey: name something you need to make #cupcAkes? man: ugh ugh ......PASS! lmfaoo
it says it is removed by the user?
Thanks! And BTW love the image from Asimov's Futuredays! I was first introduced to it by
What the teacher is, is more important than what he teaches. ~Karl Menninger
Definitely wearing connecticut casual at a black-tie wedding, either way it doesnt matter, I dont look as good as tonight
": love you babe(:" love you too buff <3
I see (: ahah thanks .
Work, physical, dance! Busy day. Next 5 people to follow me; ill help you get more followers!
so whats the news???? U haven't told me yet!!!
How I hate it when someone on twitter says something unintentionally dirty & I don't know them well enough to point it out.
A study showed people have worse aim throwing darts at babies' pictures than at pictures of Hitler. I have so many wrong punchlines to this.
sent ya a workout track.
you already said that silly! haaha now lets go see Titanic tomorrow after chool
The cashier at target has a barcode tattooed on her neck.
thanks for sending me that Mason / VCU promo that you did. I really liked it.
RT he streets list is different from that list!/ damn rite they don't even got a clue
NO!! RT : Do double exclamation points equal double excitement? Discuss.
God is good news from a friend delivered by messenger eagles.
that looks great!
Go to our site & check out our new background. also, vote in our poll on the right hand side. lastly, click our ads so we can make money
I'm a nerd. I wasn't even in Portland for 3 whole days before I got my library card.
"I'm not so rich that I can afford junk," Czech saying goes. Interesting, too, when applied to life choices. "Do it for reals" I guess.
: "id seriouly cry if i had to read for fun! Are you texting too? Id be texting instead of reading! Ohhmyygodd"
Ugh, hate to hear this. RT : #Orioles LF Nolan Reimold was just hit by a pitch, looks like in the side of the face.
#AskFarrakhan if you don't understand a situation in your everyday life.He'll tell you the truth and make you accept the fact that you deny.
you took me serious last night! and now can you answer why you always reply to my random questions!
Marathon training has been a LOT easier this go around thanks to and in my ear!
Going to see my grandparents tomorrow. I feel like my entire family are strangers
Where is the blood evidence??? Haven't Seen any !
We will, thanks! :)
it's me Vance mi love!
lolol that's awesome :')
I'm my experience, educators share that info with each other but not curators. Not sure why.
make up time!!!
We start day 2 of the Norwegian Championship in about 30 minutes. Blinds will be 600/1200-200. My 63k stack wants to grow!
Someone just puked at The Institute show. Woo!
Is Axelrod's appearance on Meet the Press this morning sponsored by Target?
Ready? Best Beatles album. Go.
great to meet you as well. Glad to have you here in Austin as the first leg of your nationwide adventure. Enjoy the journey.
YEAH TOUCHDOWN :D !
Right?! RT : Haters call the Jonas Brothers gay when the Jonas Brothers have had more girlfriends than the haters ever will LOL.
NO WAY. We are awesome.
done. pigeon on its way to yell at you about the cans tied to its legs. (might take a while)
The guide to the papers of bacteriologist and public health pioneer General Stanhope Bayne-Jones (1888-1970) is now searchable online.
OMG so true...whats the point
it was pretty good dude ! Bunch of homework though haha
Then I Gotta Get Back, change, Grab my Bag and Hit the Train again to Brooklyn. Did I say, I Hate this weather. I need to get a Truck.
that's what Dave was telling me, ha!
On my way to the airport!!!
i get ya. i had low esteem & no one to motivate me. so workin toward bach at some point? i'll be cont. my bach soon. they...
Thank you Holly! Glad that you are enjoying the blog. Please let us know if you ever have any questions.
Interesting VM from a guy that wanted my biz. Unfortunately for him he failed to hang up, and now I have a great MP3 of him talking smack.
Big election day tomorrow. State supreme court and Milwaukee County Executive candidates on the ballot.
this guy
Someone I know gave me some nice Authentic VOL gear for you to wear next year. You'll be able to wear something new every week
haha I look forward to seeing you guys in no pants with beer in hand. Notify me time/place and I will be there to marvel
We are in week #4 of Off-Season phase 1 w/ the HCC Mens Returners. What I am impressed w/ is the energy brought 2 each workout has not faded
u called me boy?
Gonna fire up the GRILL if this rain stays away! Cousins cue! Hell yeah!
R u comn to Atlanta soon?
we do <3
We'll look forward to meeting you!
Can't wait til I am doing the same!
#FiftyShadesFreed was so good...i'm ready it a second time to make sure I get every juice detail !!!!
hopefully don't mix the two together! Yuck.
You ever just want to stand up in the middle of a meeting and say f*&k it?!? And I am loving the new Nickelback Burn it Down!
Completely worn out today but I gotta keep plugging away! Good things come to those who go for it!
WE DONT TICKETS
Happy Easter y'all :)
We gotta thank for pressing this record w/ us. Can't wait till you hold and listen to this!
In Sacramento for CAA Legislative Conference. Waiting with our membership to hear from Gov. Brown.
you must be joking! His defence is consistently terrible, especially the secondary.
I'm not evening going to say when I graduated. You can guess. I went to roosevelt, newark until half my senior year.
Will miss the Civic Engagement meeting @ West Center today. Heading to La Mesa to housesit. First time ever caring for a bearded dragon.
Sounds fun! Can't wait to see you! RT : Absolutely! Very much looking forward to our Pabu sake + sushi date...
You're expensive, moody, and passive-aggressive, but I live for your rare shiny sunny days.
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author & perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before... - Hebrews 12:2
Memphis has always been a basketball town but I believe Memphians are finally embracing the team.
I want to hear it! What's your No. 1 tip for nonprofits using Twitter? Reply with your answer!
Just discovered, via slumber party, that my daughter's 3rd grade teacher has gotten her class obsessed with "Mr. Roboto". Love her.
if you went gay for any man, who would it be?
NCL Freestyle Dash sale ends Fri. Don't miss out-onboard credit, upgrades & reduced deposits - all destinations! Call us now 800-803-7245!
Giving up my BC tix if doesnt fire Frank Spaziani.
Getting ready for tonight!
Officially today is our 1 yr old BDay but we're gonna celebrate it in July..Happy BDAY HANSHIKTACO!!!
You shouldn't have been eliminated, this is crap!! </3
I do not feel good!!
Sorry you're feeling sad Nicole, hope you feel better
Thanks for the follow, love your background, look forward to your tweets.
Thanks for the RT Chanelle! Appreciate it. :)
#newspaces4learning The big difference btw the levels is for them to choose tools.. tough when they don't know many
Happy Mass Effect 3 day!
thanks for the follow buddy
Today is Intern'l #Fibromyalgia, #Myalgic Encephalomyelitis #Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Awareness Day. Be tolerant & a help, not a hindrance!
Online Information is only a week away! Visit us in booth 240 with
biggest challenge so far this year. Big!
Bank next door was robbed. Question - why would you hold up a bank next door to GSA & DOJ, and across from ATF?!
And partly cloudy yayayay!!
I just found someone on omegle and did the whole Mr green/blue conversation with them from The Incredible Hulk
sounds like shes desperate
Ouchy. Time for the knee brace. D:
If running your mouth had the same effect as actual running there would be a lot more skinny bitches walking these streets
Algebra with :)
What is that weird sensation you're feeling when you step outside? Why, it's warmth, dear friend. Enjoy it!
nah, that shit will help. I heard that drinking helps hang overs. I think it was an alcoholic that told me.
But will Horkel ever replace Merkozy?
Kid inks new song standing on the moon reminds me why he's my favorite!
Agree! The excessive Keillor play is not only torture but inexplicable.
ice cream will help(:
just has some clams and oysters and beer...
That was cool
how about a little better midfield and defense, as in not giving up 4 unanswered goals...
All the blame falls on the coach's of those teams.
PAIN. Dude I'm probably not going to want it after a year of having it. HAHA.
What should you give a man who has everything? A mute nymphomanic 18 year old girlfriend.
"Love is Grand; Divorce is about 50 Grand" LOL #HowWouldIKnow?
Exausted! I thought working out was to suppose give you energy ... No it just makes me ready to go to sleep!
Water runs dry>>>
can we talk about how ARGO looks spectacular? Ben Affleck really is becoming a fantastic director.
i don't even know how to make tea, this is going to be a disaster
lunch date next week?
a little of both :(
Laptop is having domain issues (prob related to new one being built), and I am due on a WebEx. Lucky I have my trusty iPad! App works great
Truth! RT Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up ~ T. Edison
3.5 seconds. I bet they show it 3 times before the end of the game.
Good grief. 48.
Very nice site!
I love that we get to use "terabyte" in casual conversation about computers now, like it's no big deal.
They just don't learn
Gonna See Today!! ;D
wondering how soon computer eye-strain (also known as Nintendo eye) will be an "official" medical condition (if its not already).
What i need to stress foe i must of forgot who i am n what i can do
We are only 10 days away from filming the reality TV show at Pickle Park!! DECEMBER 17TH @ Pickle Park in Fridley, MN
Working on another very sad case involving rape/molestation of a minor by church minister. Unbelievable!
VISIT PERAK YEAR BOWLING CHAMPIONSHIP TO OFFER RM35,000 AS PRIZE MONEY
(Rich) heard a couple noises and couple people saw a possible shadow. No direct responses so far. Doing a test with us outside owner in
I wish my aunt would get the hint that I'm not adding her on Facebook just so she can stalk me and my friends.
If you are pretty good you're not good if you're good you're not great
"Turn Around" premiering at the Seoul International Film Festival April 13-16th.
text me(:
Georgina, that is SO COOL. Take pics if the view is good!
haha I know she's following me!!!
only you could be you
cool, thanks I'm now registered for #501techSea ... looking forward to it!
imma stop talking to EVERYONE, if you wanna be my friendd, then you TALK TO ME, andd i'll talk backk! idgaff no moree..
proud of you, no matter the outcome.
#repogames is an awesome show
IM BUYING THIS SONG ON ITUNES K.
COME ON GUYS LETS GET #Replace1DSongsWithNandos TRENDING!!!
Seeing the world in a new creative light today.
Oops. Sorry. Just checked the Roku and it's in the Channel Store.
why did twitter change my profile pic again?
Happy New Year!!! You are right...it is time!
Happy Birthday ,i love you so much
I do weird things like tell myself "If I run today, Tigers will win/ Boesch HR". U can try your flashing thing
Class activities to develop meaning? Websites that you feel are useful? You get to be the voice of experience!
mine came with a guide book but I only read the intro
Today was intense
yeah she really is! How cute I'm so excited for her
I hate knowin u referr to me as "him" to them other dudes.
Some say that MATH = Mental Abuse To Humans. do you agree?
Thank God for grandma!
Now watching "Bloodline"
uummm...good morning
From now on ima be my own bestfriend .
Here we go
Sounds like u have 2 movies to see. :) You will see them in His time and it will be just the right time.
I like turning on the radio and hearing --Barney
Great sunset & moon rising spring is around the corner :)
Help me hit 300 likes!
Congrats. And to think I knew you in the very beginning!
Reptile's Theme
way to #GiveObamaCreditFor... being a birther
"I don't want the language of TV culture to become the language with which I speak." - Chris Hedges PLNUWS
The most kind hearted people are the most mistreated people.
Loving your site so far! Just sent you a message on there.
whareves its a black thing
you are one amazing singer!! i vote fore you every week!! keep it goin you inspire me! RT please? :)
Hey if you guys get us 100 followers by the end of Friday we will give each of you a shout out
Thank you very much Phlip!
I Dm u
Time to make a change - we are going to fulfill our lifelong dream of moving to Nebraska.
Spring Tag Sales, Flea Markets, Book Sales
At the dentist. Boo hoo. Ihatethis.
After biking & running through Edgewater Park/Whiskey Island the past few days, I could never see myself living in a non-waterfront city.
starting to get bored with the stupid politics at these nightclubs in nyc. i should just move to cali:)
When you get a run in your tights <<<<<
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 6:04 PM using Waze - Drive Social
Back in Dallas in war room ...time for 5 special ESM clients to find a home..r brooks, j chapman, Kelcie McCray, lionel smith & Mario Louis
Wow, just realized between ShopDiscover, regular Discover cashback and Expedia Elite Rewards, getting 8% back on Expedia travel packages :)
Studies showed the 18-25 age group didn't mind interruptions from tagged videos -
Finished up a great workout in #KC. On the road to #Omaha. Working out my guys from Central. Back to Lincoln this evening
You ruin everything for me
yah i know. i was so close then i broke something= no more coding and wine. lol!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 69
It's almost New Years, and my birthday is ina few days, holy crap time flys.
Some mornings are like choreographing an extraordinarily slow dance.
the awkward moment when al my recent tweets are retweets......of bread jokes...... awk.
I say thank the lordy for Arrested Development!
promise him something he loves immediately after
it would!
Visiting grandmas. No big bad wolf
helmet were hitting my hand and should pads were to -___- but it is huge tho
I like your style...!
TWO YEARS OF DISABILITY! I THOUGHT OH GREAT NOW I CAN RELAX AND GET WELL WITHOUT ALL THE STRESS...OH NO YOU
check out the Jersey J Touch clip on Youtube hun!
I was gonna stop and take a picture for you, it's a street sign that says Bingham Pl it's in sedro Woolley
lol I just saw the pics on instagram. My dad didn't mention anything about a going away party. I wish I could be there:/
I learned to stop loving someone. Unfortunately, I'm starting to not love anyone else either.
...those are my pajamas aren't they?
I want to win this contest so bad!,like you dont even know! :D
Watching Obamas #Stateoftheunion, pretty poetry but has no substance at all. Kinda like a #MittRomney rally speech.
Just saw one in my back yard too. You can usually spot them down in the Miss. river gorge (N side) in winter - not all leave.
Food in your freezer will remain safely chilled for two days. Keep the door closed as much as possible.
That last RT? It's exactly what I have been thinking.
Ay Ay girl you got a nice body to ;) but you better get an la fitness pass I'm going tomorrow by myself ALONE!!!
It's a beautiful day !
Yea I sometimes jam to Katy Perry...problems?
marlon byrd better be able to hit a 9 run home run. #firelucchino let cherington do his job
yeah I bet it's rapidly approaching more dangerous than the elevator shaft status
- Thanks for rolling through!
np, love Ella, much respect for admiring her too! xx.
I'm here to keep an eye on
RT : Looks like rain again....... c'mon nice weather - show yourself - Looks like more snow, that's even worse!
No worries ! I am happy send you an #FormulaHH event care package since you won't be able to make it - DM me ure address :)
DM me your phone number!
thx for info. Son may lean towards RM, so will check sched. PSG/Chelsea at Yankee Stadium. Not sure how they change field.
I hear ya! Packed my coat despite forecasts of sunny warmness. See you soon! :)
If called upon, I hope that I could muster the courage of the 40 passengers of Flight 93, who gave it all 9 years ago today.
Cubicles are seriously the most depressing thing on earth.
how so?
Congrats! RT : MORE magazine is finalist for a National Magazine Award, General Excellence. Thanks to our readers!
my fantasy football friend JH, only positive is that all the Flacco Bashers would finally have to shut up lol
Feeling a little better. By a smidgen.
The weather may be good now, but how are you gonna act when the rain comes
If this message is for me, david regarding the lottery? Yes I would. Don't need 640 mil. I'll mke many people rich.
Clark Kellog sucks
can't believe they are going to let the NASCAR drivers drive on that burnt track love #michael waldrip..always did..wow what a wreck lucky
3 and 3.5 are just around the corner, but no word on 4, but they say very close.
The median professor doesn't even have a laptop, but we're talking about giving iPads to all the students. Backwards?
outstanding job!
Thanks! : , I'm giggling my face off at your #aimsoundersready headlines! The campaign rules, as do our boys in green & blue
I dont know what to do..... Im confused...... I dont want to hurt her feelings but.....aaghhhh dammit
Oh yes. There certainly is.
We watched the Classic Albums documentary for Aja on Netflix. Good stuff.
if i see one more person use a hashtag on facebook im going to go to their house and slit their throat!
ikr!! I'm ready!! Ima be there until Sunday so include me in your plans!!
I ran a marathon once and just barely beat a blind runner. :-)
I, along with countless others, owe the willingness to explore my imagination to Maurice Sendak. RIP.
That sounds lovely!
no cuz some of them are ugly . . .
Have to catch my flight this morning at 7:30
oh fuck !! I give up you win now mary me please
You are invited to tour and taste at brewery in downtown Indy and visit #LocalsUnderground tent next 5 days
The most important conversation you'll ever have is the one you have with yourself.
well it's complicated but I'm trying really hard to!
Roll one. Smoke one.
I don't know half of these fuckers on this Award show. Who the fuck are they.
No klout, I am NOT influential about cats. Stop it. I'm not a spinster!
Leaders should never react based on what someone tells them about an issue - get supporting documentation of employee claims -ask questions!
You're sick in the fucking head. You need professional help you deceiving cunt.
Selling most of my books on Ebay today. Some dvds later. as well. Ebay name is localgirl95 if interesting in helping me clean my room
one more thing... Whats the black forest again?
Hungry? Come in for a slice of homemade quiche or a breakfast sandwich TODAY!
I'm down for lunch someday
Movies with
nice!!! Great app!!!
He's quickly becoming the most sane Repub candidate, if only because his competition is batshit crazy.
Dm WI based company with startup but struggling here in WI when Texas is making it clear they want us. Concerned exposed.
you can only push a person for so long until they give up. so don't call for me when u notice that I'm gone.
Carl Everett arrested .... there's a shocker.
Steel World Order #PaulluminatiBaby!!!!
congrats Robin! Much deserved.
bitch fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck you D:
Thanks Jonathan, glad you like it!
"Can you watch a Will Ferrell movie..." Stop right there. NO. (Except "Elf," of course.)
Dear Kenny ; i hope your feelin alot better. <3 You're in my prayers. I hope you make a full recovery. <3
Fuck you, McDonald. Walked previous hitter and u swing at the first pitch. Do better
Tony Allen dunked on all of them dudes
if you go now, the starbucks at Maryland House will still be open
Thanks for following! You have so many great words!
I hear what u r saying. Sorry: your question triggered an MFA #newplay workshop flashback.
Justin now has my 100% seal of approval. I'm WAY too excited to fire that up after work myself.
wacth My friend T-pains dad on vh-1 now. The at 10 watch mary mary on WETV
IM BACK...
#McDonald's . . Just sickening . . Fat ..Obese .. America . . They all need
There be the most cutest guys online.
i followed :)
I erred on the side of caution w/ The 3 we'll have in august -- doing social good is their primary function
A girl can kiss a guy, a bird can kiss a butterfly, the rising sun can kiss the grass but One Direction Haters, yes you, you can kiss my ass
follow us so we can stick around... Do you wanna me so i can boost retweet u on twitter.com/poker ?
Rihanna has trimmed down. Lookin' great!
I hate this part right here..
WRITTEN IN STONE ALBUM
The figure it out promo with BTR looks so funny. Omfg I want to watch it so bad
1st day at my new job...time to turn on the awesome.
RT : I love . He had my heart before the Internet #4years awww very sweet!
If your at #SXSW come stop by our booth
Thank you, brotha! It sucks, but I'll be alright.
haha yup and minnesota's first play was that fumble that went like negative 30 yards making it like 2nd and 45 lol
Making videos stand out since 2003!
RT : I feel like Michael Jackson's Thriller was about to start playing in that scene. LOL #Castle <~ Lol
World History CST today. Ughh. How do they expect us to remember stuff from 6th and 7th grade?
"Nicholls goaded into a display of manhood, seizes her fiercely by the arms."- THE STRAW
you're back in the US?! :)
...because I couldn't do it when I first started and now I can!
"let's go back in recap" Close 100% of the time.
I'm living my life while I still can,not caring about the shit people say. How many times do I have to tell you I don't give a FUCK?
We are still receiving beautiful scarves for our rescuers. Thank you everyone! Program is stopping for the summer.
did you just brush your teeth and then drink orange juice?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. -Anton Chekhov
some day i will see u.. :)
I wonder what the people at think about my demo, ha. RT this!
Watching "Los Angeles Clippers at San Antonio Spurs" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I wanna do somthing Or go somewhere -_-
Yep I just put raw eggs in my hair ... Don't judge me lol
Tally..are you ready for me cause I'm here :))))
*hate rather, not hat
Thanks for the kind words. We're happy to be working with you!
If you elect me president I will move from my home in the Mariana Trench to the White House then turn all the children's tears into candy.
try the begining
we gone do it in the back of the theater lol no lie
me either!! and thanks for supporting the crawl & Washoe Schools!
Its okay for my to complain about my life but when you do it its so annoying.
#IfIDontGetBelieveTickets i will be depressed cuz this would be the second time i wouldnt get to see him :/ but i'll be in Boston all day!!
I hear Ariel's fishy in between the legs.
Good luck to #bradpickett tonight on his #UFC bout. Bring it home for
ok I got u
lol I miss u too Tallahassee SUCKS right now
Whoa der sexy momma
She picked Moses - saw that coming after her comments
What's worse the pain of hard work or the pain of regret?
": I'm gonna lead a march down Cascade tomorrow. #MLK!" really? what time?
My wife and I have a "give and take" relationship...I give, she takes
what happened to the American pride...Made In America pride...
thanks already had dinner ready, yours just looked better!!
#OWS, global social uprisings, economy in meltdown, climate stress...times are a changin' - will they give rise to the Age of Consciousness?
Brought my clothes to work out after work and realized I forgot my pants. No pants workout?
Time to get down to business
REALEST tweet I seen in a minute!
We're cutting petty cash in your dept
don't go down that path. You'll never live it down
your one of the few who 'actually' read the event for IceBreakers - Look forward to seeing you there!!
Looks like we're putting out a new cocktail list in the next few weeks.
how do you expect to pay for college and get both of those
I Need All Of You's To Brace Yourselves For That #BadLuckEntertainment & Vibe.. It's Coming .
I'm surprised she's not making movies anymore. She is adorable.
Good morning starshine the earth says hello.
Music, the greatest good that mortals know, and all of heaven we have below.
im polo down head to toe but what does dis shit matter towards the world Craig top flight security of the world Craig the world
A BIG thanks this year to for all of her work behind the scenes to make #BarCampTampa '11 successful!
TMZ staff say they illegally voted on Oscar/Grammy forms instead of relatives just choosing anyone.No wonder some think da industry's a scam
Im going to change my pic.
looks like he has some pretty sharp teeth...can't wait to hit the floor!
#ithoughtyoulookedgood i found out ur a stuck up dumbass :)
Chicken pot pie.
I'm glad it's already past 1pm but it's still only Thursday..
No way, we got 420 likes dude
Love me some movie scores to get my day going. Today: Edward Scissorhands by Danny Elfman.
Squid Attack starts in 15 minutes...come and join us to support muscular dystropy association!
Tell 10 people how much you love them today.
play here in Toledo in seven days. Exactly ONE week. Whose ready to mosh?
Austin, your followers just keep going up, and I love to say I've been there from the beginning<3
:) what all did you do?
I broke same wrist twice, knew it when it happened RT : Jayson Werth broken wrist. Bryce Harper will never see the minors again.
Not loving the Kindle Fire's browser.
Richard Garriott's dad was a astronaut, wanted to be as well. Health issues kept him from being one. Took a different path
calling me a hoe?
Did you just call me a baby? Oh wait....
Can't wait to work my ass off with my girl Time to shower though. Gotta look my best before I look like shit.
You might not notice me, but I've been here since the beginning and I'll be here forever more. I love you Austin<3 :D
This long distance is killing me...
can I be one of your lucky followers? :)
I could not agree more. The standard for journalists is high for anonymous sources. Why not for commenters?
09 Bastianich Vespa Bianco. One of best Italian whites I've found. #Chardonnay blend. Lush floral nose. Honey, melon, peach. 93 pts
feel free to steal away! I've been meaning to actually design a new theme for my blog, anyway. :D And your blog is lovely!
C that blonde strip when my hats off y'all talking tattoos we should have a tat off
Thanks for the #FF, !
that too
Come check us out 10/10 ! Its a battle of the coverbands but...we HATE covers. It'll be interesting...
Ivan just threw a fit because I won't let him watch CARS in my room. These sleeping pills don't kick in fast enough.
Oh, right. The Democratic war on stay-at-home moms. That was a long day. Is the take-away here that Dems fight shorter wars?
lol just being real
Happy Friday! Make it a great one, #indianapolis!
you need to join in Nashville!
collocating life threads/people, sharing YouTube videos, seeing pics of friends & families babies, passive stalking, pics of dinner
My first #FF! Hello and thanks for being inspiring, creative ladies :)
Come in, Go out
thank you very much. :)
#iWish my eyes could take pictures.
Three push
Nah,the gearheads in Hollywood are just looking for the next big thing. Home HD is inferior in resolution to theater
As many as 10 Bastrop artists lost their homes in the fire. Some lost their life's work, including all their supplies & equipment.
When people do something for ya and throw it in your face <<<<<
How's the game?
DEAD ASS ??? o.O Creepy. Yes. And finally all my Pokemon questions will be answered. Pokemos look horny all the time btw.
Stuffed after 2nd Thanksgiving dinner tonight. Think I need to run again tomorrow morning to burn the calories!
I did!
Thanks lady! :)
Way to go!
If you go to full sail you forget what that is
The artist must train not only his eye but also his soul. - Wassily Kandinsky
That was nice.
#RusherBestNightEver! won yes they deserved n it happen ha congrats guys love ya !
Vintage skiing photos are dope
Please visit me at my updated Web site Studio & Gallery: www.leagoldman.com Let me know what you think. Thanks, Lea
SALES MANAGER position #businesdevelopment in #Dallas #Texas #Hiring #Local #Food #Sales send #RESUME to
oddly enough that's what I dream about.
Go to bed! DANG!
It's #BeatTheClock tonight at Moe's! Tap #RollingRock is only $.50 from 8-9! The price increases $.25 every hour after that!
A man's got to believe in something. I believe I'll have another drink.
AIN'T GOT TIME 4 GAMES, JUST COME W/IT!!!!!
#dragrace PICK SHARON NEEDLES
Welcome! RT : It's official - I'm in my new digs up on the 4th floor Come say hi!
I done left and came back and they still ain't called my #
: charging my batteries and shining my rain boots!!
I wanna Go shopping!
I keep feeling like arguing with MRA stuff but then I remind myself that it's not histo perspectives so much as ways to be misogynist
exactly right.
too early to make that call. It's all or nothing for Rangers this season.
I got hired haha
Follow its myo big bro
BEST fudge recipe. I usually use semi-sweet, tho. Is milk choc that much better? Not TOO sweet?
Huge shout out to tonight--nothing but love for ya guys!
I love making notes just so i can doodle funny pictures of stupid things that happen throughout the dayy!
Allison and I just saw Mud and died! It was amazing! Go see it!
even Jenny is always asking for u big Brotha
god willing and the creek dont rise yes!!!!!
Stop signing along with the radio, you are not good at it
yeah I know. I appologize.. I was a bit stressed with school that I didn't really pay attention to twitter. But hey I'm back :]
RT : Perfect for IT Finance >>RT : Wanted to share some real-world #IT tools that #IntelIT uses to plan investments...
u realize this happened in grafton with a AAYFL coach 10 years ago...
I wanna see The Avengers !!!
i can picture the boys walking through fans saying "oh shes a directioner, another one, OH she is a directionator"
#BreakingDawn. Not as fulfilling, feeling disappointed. My heart hurts.
hey, if there's free beer in the fridge and monday night football on your TV then i can surely make it five!
..GOOD MORNING ALL TWEETDOM EVERYWHERE! GLORIOUS SPRING SUN & #UPPERS-- Privatize everything! WEALTH DemandS WE the PEOPLE Live on Credit!
the last piece of bread in the bag <
you should have on your upcoming season then. #mahoneonellen just go to AustinMahone.com <3
Sitting in my boyfriends restraunt reading one piecee!! Lol.. hes just staring at me!! I love him!!
Finally got to see tonight. Such an amazing, dream-filled night on Broadway! "To have faith is to have wings."
Following!! thanks for the suggestion!!
I'm a bar tender
diversity of funding sounds like you need medical cannabis tax $?
where exactly is the free parking for xfinity live
I swear to God I think I just saw Drake.
Every time Eric Cantor tilts his head and claps, a Lobbiest buys a Bentley.
He, or she, who controls the perception of history determines the interpretation of reality for a culture, nation, or person!
did you see the pic of us from GSLIS After Dark? my, we are handsomes.
Campers are writing their rough drafts of their sripts
I love you, Like alot. You don't know because i don't want to get hurt.
In honor of #Thanksgiving here is some important vocab, turkey- large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food
dude ik! But she's just jealous of you.
Oh? I'm interested... Does Jorge know him?
I was always attracted to female athletes.
Thanks for the #FollowFriday !
Korver's unconscious
from the demented side (all of) her brain. Life at our house was, is singing, dancing, prancing non stop nonsense.
n we gotta take a group pic so they can send it to da media
RT : ...will be live-blogging via both AND my own through tomorrow at #DF11 <Will be paying attention ^ME>
hahahs I want to have a class with you do I could witness this hahahaha
So will be chatting live during this weeks show via #facebook #ustream and twitter thanks to
Thank you very much ted for following me you made my day really great
So guess who finally downloaded the twitter app?
Anti-intellectualism is a problem, but so is hyper-intellectualism. Intellectual values are not superior, should not exclude others.
Black Nativity, a must-see Boston holiday tradition, runs this weekend only! www.blacknativity.org! RT please!
Lots of fantastic Heinlein quotes in the middle of "Time Enough for Love", including this one.
yo you think tha knicks will be betta next year wit that lil bit extra money they got?
you should be able to smell it already since they went with Traitor Thome.
#KG Looks absolutely ferocious on D tonight
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
Knead Dough? - My copywriters' gem for this week. It is a title for bakery jobs advertising post.
Half day:)
Losing to the Astros is like losing to an inner city school
Life is goodlok
Thanks for sharing the deals
I remember when i first saw perform at diggys concert.I ran to the stage didnt even know who they were but they murdered the stage
Ah, hello teams! We're checking out to see if this may be a good tool for us. Thoughts?
All the rickshaws are out for the night! Where can we take you??
I meant dead I had a typo xD
Pls be kind to gas station attendants. It's not their fault gas prices are high. Smile & give them a cookie instead!
whats good twitter !
I can't feel my toesies:(
been changing soo much like realli im done with the BS im done with the lyeing, done with the childish games need gods strength to help me
For its a-peel?
do you know who its from?
Alright i see all over my timeline and I'm sick if it... is fuckin right...Godsgirl sheod be called devilsgirl
Okay, it's time to get out to my workshop and finish a custom pendant. I don't have much energy this morning - hope it perks me up.
My people call themJerusalem cruisers
Aw, you saw FOS BEAU! Best 2002 in the city.
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive girls wit..tattoos,pretty:eyes,hair,lips,piercings,great hygiene, not stupid, music head, swagg, potheadzz lol
Argh - I really don't want him leading a divisional rival of my Rams - although maybe it would help the Rams' Hail Mary odds.
Washington but moving to California
I disagree. White lies are lies, but they are necessary lies.
ah is a life saver! <3 you girl!
Off i go lol cute outfitt c: confidence gets me through my day
I am done for the week. Watching #und vs. #Minn in the #WCHA semis hoping it goes about 13 overtimes!
Congrats, sounds like a great time
Well that's just my opinion
1 year in conception, 6 months in rewrites, 4 weeks in rehearsal & now Casual Encounters/Missed Connections opens in 2 days!!
We love Nutella! RT : brought leftover biscuits to friends & they put Neutella on them. #newmenuitemmaybe?
What did you do for Christmas?
Not sure when V-note opened, but it is good!
Why WHY?!RT : The wave in Glendale...Here comes a #Preds goal.
Big time.
I was rapedD :
Whiskey Kitchen has great food, off of Broadway, turn between MacDonalds & Exon? on left, very friendly, great atmosphere
Time to get my groove on!!!
kobe hi-5ing justin timberlake is the best
WHERE ARE YOU consider me
Wish Marilyn French were here today to see her title in lights.
Just got a great run in and great talk with
Love tv :3
Goodnight Twitter be safe cuz everybody dying out here
crazy night...
My bathroom mirror is the gayest object in existence.
Q: What do you get if Bach dies and is reincarnated as twins? A: A pair of Re-bachs.
Things slightly askew
We Are Compliance With HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT AND MINIMIZATION REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 7 Reasons Your Business Or You Needs Our Cleani
Hall and Oates "Private Eyes" back to back with Rockwell "Somebody's Watching Me." Consider me paranoid
2 weeks left till Halloween order your costumes now .......great quality not that cheap nylon you get in the store....
One week until I see at The Mint in LA :D
Fiona Apple's new CD - The Idler Wheel Is Wiser Than The Driver Of The Screw, And Whipping Cords Will Serve You More Than Ropes Will Ever Do
Oakland police is out of controll
Houston tomorrow, gotta get up really early...goodnight :)
I note that the Komen website has been down all day.
Better #Golf Thru #Hypnotism? - 2 couples play golf together regularly @ their club, & on the... Read punch line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
After a full night of charging and only 2 hrs off the plug, my phone is down to 44% battery. Guess holding out for "iPhone 5" is over. :(
RT I had an active life, until some idiot came along and introduced me to Twitter.// It's hard to Tweet and run.
All of us gripe/complain about how bad our lives are, I'm even guilty of this. But realize that ur life isnt as bad as others.
The air conditioning has broken so we get the true sense of what it's like working in a restaurant! Phew!
Good morning!
yup. I've had mine done for almost a year, and it took mine like 6 months to fully heal.
hey kevin. living in Omaha but NB/FR was my playground for 30+ years. Following people on Twitter and noticed where you were from.
Agreed. I'm glad no one gives a crap about my band. No pressure. Ha ha.
I don't mind if you smoke weed. But if you addicted to that shit, its a turn off.
It did! Thanks so much.
I brought the song blackout to life last night, so I think I'm just gonna take it easy tonight
SPLASH MOUNTAIN! no ducks fans in disneyland. we're committed.
im willing to give up smoking and other stuff to put in the time
R.I.P. Whitney Houston! Your music will keep you alive for ages...
Thank you!! Anytime!!
Yea boy!!!
Discovery Center
Oh boy do I love my girlfriend
Hi! I had to leave early because still getting over being sick, but can you DM me?
"I believe in everything until it's disproved." John Lennon
Please follow for all #econdev news in San Antonio!
Hey, you kinda left all your stuff at my house. Just in case you forgot. Lol
yeah, my neighbor said at least from us on maryland ave ne up to her friend on independence. What happened?!
Oh shoot it's going down in the MA! and can't wait!
My momma irratates the shit out of me
no prob bob. I'll eat reuben soup with you anytime :)
I texted you, you didn't answer, I feel stupid.
I'm an old DOS guy and live in the DOS box. Love a drive letter.
And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.
i love you two loads
I just finished it. It was wonderful!!
anything less than video of you first session is unworthy.
I enjoyed some great premier league action today War ManCity
Going to bed, G'night :)
Rise and shine!
Thanks for following us!
dang. Well let me know once he gets to dville, and when visiting hours are. I'll go break him out of there.
We can reach great heights together.
Which presidential candidate will be the first to engage voters using LINE?
I can't wait to have my book release party. It's go be fun.
tell him i said 'do it!' if i were there, id be so annoying rt now! have fun!
excellent. I hope you're okay with Polygamy.
Friday - 4/15/2011- Recessionista Friday @ 5:00PM Happy Hour with live music from Abbie Maxwell Trio and Free Taco Bar
This is more of my nerd account for computer stuff / bars / deals :)
they don't have the ability with targets on their backs .
thanks ma. :)
hey, follow back? (:
Life is consumed with, love, hate, care, forgetting, forgiving, and memories.
"Cher, I don't want to do this anymore. And my buns, they don't feel nothin' like steel."
I can't wait to get my yearbook on Wednesday!
Pitbull: I want your babies!
Nationals are a new team and need to build a fanbase with the area. So many transplants to the area root (1/2)
yankeeincanada: sla2010 had 74 followers in its first day! wins for guessing 50 - closest w/o going over. now day 2. any take ...
Headed for Torrey Pines PGA golf today. What a great day to live in San Diego and follow something besides football and baseball.
#positivityproject waking up to my two cats curled at my feet in the morning
I live in Va beach Virginia but work for a few companies in Dallas TX doing social media marketing. What kind of collectibles?
Indianapolis Colts Expects to Sign Luck Soon
Driving through Louisville at night during a power outage is strangely eerie. I do not like it, Sam I Am.
Hey Mike, whats up?I'm gonna come see you next time your in Miami playing the the Panthers. Been a long time,hope your doing well.
hey babe
Told myself I was going to study for Thursday's test after CCWA. Got home and went through interwebs
Can't wait for some #TribecaFilmFestival!
Who's already at the ? We will be there in the afternoon spreading disaster info, hosting a jeapordy game, handing out chocolate!
I know!!! But I'm getting a rental car Thursday until they fixed the damage to my car. So that's good lol
Well one thing is for sure. The Avengers is certainly deserving of all the plaudits it's getting. Wow, what a GREAT movie!
Great fights this weekend! Gotta say it...I think it is time for Yves Lavigne to go! He is just too dangerous. Chris Leben could have died!
thanks for the follow and for all the tips.
I wish my heart was always on his mind, cuz he's on mine like all day all the time.
I just finished presenting View and demo'ing ThinApp for a 45 minute session. Follow up questions after, 45 minutes.....
No apologies needed. You guys had an amazing year. 15-2? I'll take it! Stay hungry for next year! =)
Why wait???
Why is lemonade made with artificial flavoring yet dishwasher soap is made with real lemons? Surely the answer is in a book, right?!
#FF The Best fans ever!
": #ToughLove casting Boston women! For more info email "
Honestly I just don't care.
how many did you have???
i love your background. so beautiful
got my mom the album for mother's day. she emails me the lyrics she loves.
They're moshing on the floor at the #SocialDistortion show. Glad I'm in the comfy VIP balcony!
hahaha that's all funny! And you and your little baby tenders ;p
Shut the fuck up damn always hating on Lebron James SMH
nope the one on charter and Dayton. Go to spot
We hope everyone has had a happy Easter with family and friends today!
Don't mean to but in but my guess would be Moorman.
we all wanted to see the M's against a middling team instead of best and worst to get accurate gauge. cue denny green.
seven minutes door to door :)
I'm in whenever, let's do it
(: please follow me alex. That would make my day.
Hey Warriors and Friends, How are you this morning?
Date night! Table at dickson in 20.
Can we fall, one more time. Stop the tape, and rewind? Oh and if you walk away I know I'll fade cause there is nobody else.
Thanks Shane....
make two dreams come true but following me nd 24
Major League Baseball has announced that Tigers OF Delmon Young has been suspended for 7 games without pay, retroactive to April 27.
I feel like hitting someone with my mochila tomorrow.
who's having a good day send me a smile :) lol.....
Cry me a river, and I'll follow you to the bank
And just like those 2 door fords man they don't making like me no more.
re-submit the site is the only thing i can think of
Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it. Lewis Carroll
Put your confidence in God and not in man.
actually... AWESOME
I'm desperately trying to find a restaurant near Sherman Oaks for 10 people. Tonight. Ugh.
Go Big Red, 10-3 over MSU at the half.
got me drunk so I would do more work. Help, I have the worst boss.
Bought the new Febreeze flickering like box thing. Adds great ambiance to the room.
We gotta plan a day, me you and alexis can go to the mall, get something to eat and yall can spend the night :)
hey man get well soon youre my favorite player.
Large japanese salamanders NoT HOt
Chanting makes it important.
what an awful day today!! how's everyone staying warm and dry?
Sorry, sweeties, but our crochet project has officially SOLD OUT! We hope you'll join us in March...because our project is gonna be CRAZY!
thank you.
ugh. the yelp logo. ugh.
hahaha you better get that fixed hahah!! aw chasity take it to a phone place lol
you're the cutest. Sexiest. Blackest homo on twitter
ya. $10 is cheap for an event. I would just feel weird registering & not finishing. Would that be my first DNF?
Just spent an hour listening to our students talk about what they think about the courses. Kill me now.
Why did I decide to soak my hair in vinegar before I go out
Tomorrow = pool + down the shore + music + dinner out... The perfect equation.
#VMA s rocked last night :D Lady Gaga was epic, Lil Wayne scared me a lil bit. xD See what i did there?
Is gonna be really happy if his hubby didn't get in trouble. Cause I kinda need him. =D
2. Good for applicants, in that I can advocate but bad for employers because they don't necessarily get specific questions addressed.
Hello November!
All days are not same. Save for a rainy day. When you don't work, savings will work for you. - M.K. Soni
the light!
#brandbowl winners so far = dogs &
Were you at #webwise today? Sorry I missed you. Hope all is well at the MD State Archives.
Grateful to have great friends who can shed incite into situations where I have none :)
.. And we can laugh about it now.... CUZ IT'S NOT MONDAY TODAY!
Check out the talented Ajay Parham Don't miss out! 9PM - 1AM I $15 I
When I Go To School I Smile When I Walk In The Doors
Plus, it's warm today. Do you want to sit in a theater full of dudes rocking leather pants? Haha!
RT : Calling all members! Tell us your best/favorite stories about the NextSpace Effect, win $1000 bucks!...
CHICAGOO tomorrow with my boy hella excited !!
Big Show, Intercontinental Champion? WHY. Someone cash in a Money in the Bank case right now. Is that legal?
Going Wiz Khalifa on this flight.
Michael, great CEA event tonight and thanks for all you and Gary do to promote innovation and technology for great jobs!
Some girls just shouldn't wear bikini's
In mere moments I have to walk into "that place" again. Oh such fun.
I'll be at BlogWorld and hope to squeeze in some quality #BEA time! Perhaps we'll connect?
RT: "My best friend, , is a bad ass. #realtalk #proudofmuhhomegurl" Ha, thanks for the love!
Good am to you do, whatks doing? I c how busy u are, like that.
everyone in cudahy is already drunk :)
Putting the finishing touches on my poster today! Sending off to the printer tomorrow!
Remember to change your clocks this weekend. The clock falls back 1 hr.
omg what did he tell you ?
Nanoparticles mediate drug delivery into injured brain tissue PBCA nanoparticles facilitate the transport of the large molecules across t
How do you set up a mini league for the Euro 2012 Bracket Challenge? It is listed in the rules but does not state how to set up.
Vinny Follows Other People But Not Us.!(: Haha
you already know that tho... lol
The chile is so tasty! Thanks for coming out to the ! Happy Thanksgiving!
Buy Camtasia; it's designed that way.
sing louder and add "yeah yeah" throughout and they'll think it's rap music. You'll become a brotha!
Damned if I do, damned if I don't
That's an awesome deal! I just started buying whole beef tenderloins and butchering them at home. Excellent value.
Wish I could take you out for a first day drink but I'm not around tonight! Hopefully later this week or next!
are you coming to the show next Saturday???
is getting excited to load the wife and kid into the family truckster and head to Wally World!
Just recorded new hit song "Conceidit"...need feed back
I hate when someone u care about ignore u and pretend they hate you even tho u know they love you and there beig mad over a small ass thing
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
can't wait for your visit!!!
Wish I could have made it tonight but had to attend my Communicating Networks and Managing Information class.
Come to tonight's FREE preview of the Greendale episode of #AroundTheCorner with John McGivern at the #GreendaleVisitorsCenter at 5:30 & 7p!
Sad news Guys... Tartar Control just broke up.
Golf Shirts and jackets as low as $20. New Drivers on sale, start at $149.99 open M-F 11-2
what is up with the lake show right now
sick life being able to play teh poker but just selling pieces of yourself on 2p2.
omg I'm not sure but I'm checking right now
i just watched that part ;)
My body feels so weird right now holy cow, knocking out when I get home
If you rap showcase your skills tonight on #LateNightLesbiansRadio via its all about you !
Seriously funny!!!
Love the Norfolk St. Father in the bleachers wearing jersey & showing the arms off LOL
Tyler Newsome announces his decision: Pikeville College.
MT : A2: It depends on the act. Low key places are best. It allows for audience involvement.Love Chicago Theater also.
Dieing to know! What is it??
A Variety of Hot Soups to Choose From!!!!
how does google expect you to fully optimize for speed when their own cdn resources are set to expire way shorter than what they recommend?
RT Playing the 140 with 25 bounties tonight, will also be there, come join us
Just saying there was a Mr Daniels on Andy Petree's hood that finished 1st all those many years ago
Let's go Bruins!
If different people are responsible for different sections, \include is very helpful.
RT : Ryan Kennedy is young cancer patient whose desire is to trend on Twitter. Let's help him!!
Forgot the power cord for my laptop. May have a nervous breakdown in 3...2...1...
Now we find out if the Zebras are gunna screw us
with a passion!
strode barefoot down the road strewn with the debris of broken glass hearts.
I'm open-minded what did you have in mind ?
be a good girl
Didn't watch the Grammys. Friends that did said it was mostly (predictably) terrible.
Dear 2k NBA 2k12 is so annoying The servers r always down online assoc is good but takes 4ever for FA to sign Ur games r bad
You want to make something awesome get
Bodemeister, Daddy Nose Best, Creative Cause. Book it.
Just cleaned my oven. Without letting it catch on fire this time.
Just do you...someone will notice!
Tumblr seems to be littered with crankiness usually. Darn kids and their angst.
Love is... Your mate making a three hour drive to come have dinner with you; then having to drive back!! My WW is the best!
#FashionStar is so awesome! I have been waiting for months! looks #FABULOUS!!!!!
Best day ever at the Grove with !!!!! We have to do it again!!!!!!!!
Yeah... I just saw that on a US update twitter... Well, we'll just have to hear what the news is tomorrow!
been to long:(
A lost Dachshund was found swallowed whole in the stomach of a giant catfish in Berlin on July 2003
Delicious! Also loved Luke.
isn't Derby tomorrow?
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I dont want to win
Scott Suggs can guard Shabazz Muhammad, right? Uh....
Good morning world!!! Have a lovely day!!!
I'll catch up with all you guys later!... have a great rest of the hump day!
Historical portuguese newspaper of California digitized | Rede ...
Once a man has won a woman's love, the love is his forever. He can only lose the woman.
Blessed to have you a part of the #Jags!!! Check out and hope to see you soon. Be blessed!!!
Sweet dreams an best wishes I'm passing out!
Fact; and my dad have the same birthday.
if can take a twitter break then so can I. BYE GUIZE.
Good Morning everyone. Well, my three hours of sleep are up, now off for another long day of getting some things done. Have a great day <3
seeing people drunk and fall
I hope you all are enjoying the "Soft Launch" of The NOLA Guide. Please stay tuned for much, much more to come!
... so are the anti-Obama ladies going to be out all summer with their little Hitler Obamas? This is going to be a long election year...
should also follow who is a huge advocate & check out Moe's amazing work on site!
Final Friday, Reds game, Princess & the Pea, Emery opening, experimental film Cincy's got it going on.
eek! Sorry all! I'm here for the last bit! Will get caught up now...
Just passed a Church Sign that said, "Where will you be sitting, smoking or non-smoking?" Epic lol
Thanks for coming in ! RT for lunch with family. Delicious as always!!
writing synopses is easily one of my least favorite things.
Friday can't come soon enough!!!
Major client on the cover of today. What can our social media do for you?
I know! I'll be home in April!
#TaxReform Drop Corp. rates to 25%. Eliminate all business deductions except payroll incentives and Cap Ex for co with revs over $500MM
Hi. How's it going? Any cool projects?
I'm high ass fuck & drunk wassup
1 year and 9 months with him
Bad bitches roll in packs... unless they wanna be a bad bitch around a bunch of ducks
Good Night
i definately will!
& while you're at it, why don't you ask some traffic engineers why they build the streets so wide & let cars speed thru downtown?!
Share with your friends and contribute to the promotion of GOOD MUSIC! Help us grow, it only takes one tweet =)
Use of our logo is copyright infringement. You'll need to take it off your account. Thanks for your immediate cooperation.
Nokia Sued for 'Fraud' Over Windows Phone Sales - PC Magazine
yay! last night was a barrel of fun. Thanks for coming out to The Path Cafe last night.
The Gophers miracle run to the Big Ten championship begins now
First final done, first assignment turned in, went to the dr, got meds.. all before 10am. I think I deserve a nap before I keep studying!!
I love my followers RT
The key to successful lighting is to not see the source of light,but just the effect it creates.
This whole, "moving on to the next phase of my life by graduating" thing didn't seem like such a big deal until I started packing.
Oh boy....Eli is awesome...but SNL is gonna suck. Just saying.
Sometimes I'll quiz my dad about what's going on in the show. If he loses I get the remote. If its on your channel then stay awake.
I think she'll be fine.I hope ! D: :) and Arent they all? ;D
Thanks to #NutshellMail!
Some great people to follow
Happy Free Agency Packer fans.
Having to be taken to school<<<<< #NoCar my moms a bitch.
RT : What a great acquisition Michael Cuddyer has been for the Rockies.
Sorry, internet is so bad here. He talked about reclaiming spirituality & using content creation as a service to help others
Need #beats #production #studiotime for your project? Hit me up!
Miss your face
aw I love you for remembering ( :
Santorum wouldn't approve of 4 guys "having fun."
Win an Oatmeal from McDonald's! Just tell us what your favorite thing is about the month of May. Email with your answer.
Watching events in Tahrir Square on my new laptop. Just hope it's not 1979 again.
Working this week, going to miss you all
Off to a bull roast hosted by my dad's MC.
lol was that me nd u who went off on drew that day. then tried to get him to retweet us? haha
no YOU'RE my role model!!!! Frickin Sam I haven't seen you in 17 years!!!!!!!! I need to see u!!!
haha, too cute! I think I would be doing the same! Hope you are fabulous, lady! Miss ya.
RT : We will be at the MWC regular season champion SDSU women's basketball game tonight. Will you be there?
Toaster ovens.
join us Justin lol
You still dont follow my tweets?
I want another tattoo... Hhmmm maybe the tree of life going up my side?...
Agreed. It's not just the sound engineers, it's everyone who is even remotely aware of sound technology.
Awesome day at the Business Expo with Getting involved with local business is the way to go!
the satisfaction of enjoying an "everything" bagel is immediately undone by the 30 mins of self-consciousness that follow...
Last performance Frost/Nixon at 7 pm!
ah omg let's actually do this!
Lol this auction though
you still friends with Austin?
Pittsburgh Pete taught me well. Gotta make a name for myself. By the way, does that loser spinmax ever call anymore?
same here lol my friends thout i was spoiled because i met my insperation
Where's.my.droid.me! I.love.you, hopefully you can make it over here for Florida Georgia, its going to be epic schlitterness!
If you liked Independance Day, you will love Battle of Los Angeles!
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks! Did you decide when you're coming to PDX??
Maybe you should monitor the news more closely. This story broke yesterday via
#GoTribe Wish I could goto the Tribe game today!!!
#followfriday my personal account
Always more boy bands. And they're great with the feelings.
Come on, Paul. The team brings the false hope, not the stadium.
The cubs are smackin the cards. Let's just hope the bullpen doesn't blow it.
BIGGEST FUCKING LIE.
if it makes you feel any better this account is followed by three of the ICONic Boyz.!;D <33 lol
the beatles<3
You got your fingers snared in my veins! I think its time you them out.
RT : "He drove a Chevy Volt; he died in a fire long before the apocalypse."
No press here that I can see. Probably this is too difficult for tv news to digest.
is not giving me shots. Martin is fucked up lol.
RT ": 4% of industry revenue in September came from one deal - LivingSocial's Whole Foods deal, which generated $10mm"
tomato soup; spaghetti; grilled cheese sandwich; pizza :) Ok, now I'm hungry!
who fucks wit lil b? Nigga gets no luv from my city
why the hell did Moreno celebrate? It's like the buffs rushing the field. Think Dan hawk and mcd r buddies?
Qaddafi was killed by a predator missle. Having played MW2 and targeted by every one of those an opponent ever launched, I feel his pain.
let's do #herbivore. If anyone knows dietary restrictions, it's me. I've been wanting to try
Whoever is doing this spam shit needs their ASS BEATEN F OFF U TWIT!!!
Can U recommend sites 4 info on schools&districts? Starting to search 4 2012-13 mid/secndary librarian position. Thx 4 help!
Nice bumping into best musical studio neighbor today at our venice studios...quick Coachella chat..then back busy as usual!
#100ThingsILove 6. Having a productive weekend.
o i c. What if you were about to dye it but then aaalllll of your hair randomly fell out. LOLOL.
Luckily, you don't have to believe in evolution to benefit from it.
Getting our party on ;) awe ya w/
A&A proudly welcomes former NFL all-pro and Kansas City Chiefs Hall of Famer to our celebrity advisory board.
RT : "Life's problems wouldn't be called "hurdles" if there wasn't a way to get over them." Author Unknown
Perfect Stranglers
lol yea that's a great idea ;-)
LeBron James named third youngest NBA MVP in history.
Bands that rocked my face off at #UMS so far, Hoots and Hellmouth, Achille Lauro, and Halden Wofford and The Hi-Beams.
Working/shooting in beautiful Belize with the BTB!
Why doesn't anyone mention Iran-Contra anymore? During Reagan administration, Israel and USA sold weapons to Iran.
I never really know either haha! I would love to meet up though if you're out and about! I'm super entertaining! Whatcha think?
I hope you got one of those shirts for yourself.
Paul is all over today's update! I love my little Mac whore :)
dumb. Road head G. Make it happen
you just passed up Richmond then. Lol. In Vallejo now huh. You should be in Davis in 30 mins. ;p
Finally using iTunes Match. Rediscovering a lot of old albums. 2ManyDJs was a great summer record.
i can just chill to them and feel like I'm flying sky high
Morning sex is the absolute best LOL I KNOW bae definitely gone have a great day at work
Can Bourbon Street Bouncer be Frenchy's alternate nickname?
or go out to eat and not have a athlete in Buffalo steal your money....
It's a third-pot-of-coffee kind of day here , apparently.
Get out and vote! There is still 1-1/2 hours until the polls close. Tell your friends vote too.
Out of all the ways to kill Omar off The Wire they choose to have the youngest person do it. Damn I rather have seen him die in a shoot out
Can't sleep without him telling me goodnight. Like he used to.
OMG GUYS, she got suspended <3 Thanks for all the support!
I thank for defending my right to be an obnoxious Phillies fan in Washington. Amen.
& from are doing their #BadgerHour broadcast here live from 6-7pm tonight!
Yes, indeed. That's why I'm not a fan of Wendy's Frosties.
thank YOU! RT : Rocked today!! It was great working and meeting so many great people!!
what!?!? you had to defend yourself mayor....
Found myself sucked in to watching Alien Encounters on Science Channel last night. Quite entertaining & thought provoking stuff, actually.
only a few lol depends on the beer I suppose :)
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that! I know what it's like to watch from afar; I missed RootsTech last year b/c I had just had a baby.
guess Billy O'Brien want too distracted to draw up a game plan.
Jesus be the center <3
too many Brazilians calling themselves Cyborg
Haha! "it's in the peas!" Psychic lunch lady from Ned's Declassified
Perfect with a beautiful day! RT : Hanging out with and completes my life:)
You have that Canadian knack for being able to spoof a song, using any topic... as a half-Canadian, I can't keep up with you!
"I'm on your pickle jar yall!' - Paula Deen on my pickle jar
I adopted Kyle 13 years ago today. Said goodbye to him 4 weeks ago today. I hate everything. :'(
If this is what a 7 game Heat/Thunder series would be like, sign me up now please. You have 3 min to tune into ESPN2.
Maybe. We'd have to check. But the same with Butler & VCU. Trust but verify.
Why is the book room at the highschool so boring!! Los after school ??? not
It's getting downright autumnal out. I like saying autumnal.
looking forward to an exciting weekend in Solana Beach!
I just left an awesome umbrella on my desk and walked out into pouring rain...
let's go to timebomb Wednesday
Syracuse publishing a guide for recruiting, resourcing etc employing #veterans based on long study. Free Interactive ebook.
the type of crap u tweet is why I stay on Twitter
We're busy getting ready for our next road show in Arkansas! We can't wait to share our toffee with wonderful members there!
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox.4
it is a bit funny:)
Meh. Lost another 4k last hand before break. Folded KQs to lead on Qxx flop in 3b flop. I felt way behind. 17k on brk
Ha, nice pun!:) & YES, great day to play today! Enjoy the Sun!! RT :
I'm going to start a jam band and call it Lowercase 9.
Thunder shaking house. Don't like. Also don't like being in a tall house during t-storm.
Realestate for Sale Clayton Real Estate Agent Tax Lien Homes Real Estate on Sale Repo Homes
We all fall short of God's Glory!!! But we get up!!! No can point fingers!!! We fall down, get up and we ARE STILL WORTHY OF GOD'S GRACE!!!
Lord plz let me make it to the cheap gas on Tryon
Follow . She'll follow you back if you ask her!!
thank you!!!
The Hulk always wears the same pants. Grungy.
Seems to be a disconnect there.
RT - Daviid Garrard was released yesterday, Jacksonville Jaguars loss, they deserve what they get.
My job has made me a repeat offender of exclamation point overkill!
Thanks, Dorothy!! :)
You're Really Pretty ( : Please Follow lol
EEP! How much is it?
Thanks for the shout-out, and glad you enjoyed NOX! :)
Shared an amazing botthle of Iron Horse Wedding Cuvee with the brand's producer and (Women & Wine) at The Modern
Technology and tweeting...sometimes I think they are both "for the birds." Just teasing...it is a fun blog post though!
We are excited for the GPB's SPRING KICK-OFF CONCERT!
Thank you all for the support you've given me and as we step out into this new venture of owning a bookstore.
Blastoff Network welcomes The Disney Store as one of our newest retail partners - We love Disney!
I'd rather be in rehearsal.
Just had an aerobic class and i feel like im gonna die. My legs are in so much pain lol
It is weird being on the other side of the table at a craft fair ie. Spending money
Sucks to suck
ok hurry the fuuck up!!!!
That's good to hear they're updating it. Thanks for sharing!
damn auto correct...I meant haha
what up Fam. U good peoples fam.
i agree w/ i support 's decision to purchase a hat from cedar rapids. i would like a picture of this hat, please
How bout we send both #Clemens and #Pettitte to Jail where they can share the same cell
Good morning! I'm back from my birthday vacation. Who wants to hear about my adventures? I need another vacation!
I almost let fear and past experiences cause me to miss out on one of the best things that has ever happened to me
The people did seem to like it. RT : Is there anyway you can keep that, maybe as a plugin?
Then on top of that u got the nerve to be ugly w/ a bad attitude !! <<<< nah nigga lmfao .
You must be cool. :p
come on man pull the trigger you would look good with
totally agree...RT : I don't bother with diet coke! Just the real thing.
Back to work-Will Skype with Duke Lemur Center Scientist today with a backchannel session for our class.
Trying to get organize!
Is it rude to throw a breath mint in someone's mouth while they are talking?
what Nike and big retailers are looking at is those long ass lines...200+ lining up for 1 full size run
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything
Hate traffic!
Overwhelmed with options now. This time last week, I had none.
I've made Gefilte Fish from scratch for a large Seder! Good luck!
chocolate or vanilla??
The lakers are getting shit on!
and on my Chrome MBP, the animation is way less smooth than most previous doodles.
Thanks for the tips Mari, even learned a few things! Wanted to say hi but you were busy. Look forward to partnering!
I had a dream about Miss Allen last night...
Meet Kevin Weston from Baltimore's own Gutierrez Studios TOMORROW 6 pm at the Windup Space. Learn about his work with metals. FREE event!
awesome! i like it so far, although i'm only in the first chapter. Ps. I applied for a job today out in LA!
YOU WILL BE HERE IN 3 WEEKS.
I think shy girls are more easy to get along with than loud girls. lol
what you mean the back
you should double check with your local :)
Lunch with today! I'm thinking Thai...
I think that its really cool!!! If you need help with lyrics hit me up. I'm good at that stuff.
My pony Zippy would want to come- Im training him to b a seeing eye pony for me. He fits DOJ size to enter buildings under regs
So they responded by tackling/tripping him, and were only called once for it.
amen! so would Blake Lively and, of course, the equally talented Blake Matthews (aka me)
If I reach for your hand, will you hold it? If I hold out my arms, will you hug me?
I wish but I bet she doesn't even notice me -.-
Glad you like them
I hope this is not bad!! #impatient #hurry #
Holy crap
Awesome. Thanks!
Trey Songz, marry me
We're still in the lab mixing up a stronger Toot Away. Should be back in market soon! Thanks for all of your support.
hm, I think we should try out for the #NFL, what do you think? haha
Cannot wait for #NCTE11 w/ Time to make this an annual tradition.
Coffee.. at least I could walk faster if I ran out of gas.
have you gotten one yet?
The First Tote Board Total = $28,385
# known fact white boys don't last more than 10min in the bed
burned 246 calories doing 30 minutes of "Tennis, general"
RT : Dubee is good, but he's no magician. There is no fixing a Kendrick start that has gone south.
Awww I already received a bday email from !!
Hope it was to your liking.
I hate school! :( but on the upside I've got basket-ball practice today!!!!!
Want something to do today? Join Melinda Wang '99 on an tour of Chelsea art spaces, followed by cocktails! Noon today!
Of course, AJax is having a solid start to the year.
I used to know the entire 1987/1988 Red Sox line-up by heart & that Wade Boggs had a tradition of eating chicken before a game.
That cortado was the one
Saturday, April 28 RT : I JUST WANT TO KNOW WHEN THE NEXT RUB IS
Im suppose to be at work... Ah well! Lol!
hahahah that sucks
yo i'm so sorry!been meaning to call forever. i hope u had a blast tho! can we legally drink yet? or we still got a year to go? lol
reply with bikini pics!
Go buy food by running for times...
Opening Day is the best day of #MLB season. There is hope for everybody. That and baseball is back! BTW Happy Lincecum Day!
o I see how it is these days
Thank you! Have a great day!
Be Blessed
good job! Haha n ill keep that in mind next time
hooray! that was the goal! brownies + no meetings....
Reading my TL at 3 something in the morning in almost more interesting then reading all day
haha, working on it!
" One Life Not Wasted"
Extended Warranties for New and Used Cars in Emerging Global Markets
Hey lady, who do you think is going to pull it off today?
Happy 53rd Birthday to the late King of Pop! RIP....Michael Joseph Jackson!!
Heading out to in a bit and then over to Jake's restaurant for second dinner.
When you want to text, no one texts you. When you don't want to text, they all text you.
Tangible Love video's Where Are You Going or When He Wasnt Drinking
thank you for following us. we think that a child can make a family happy when they can't have children, it's better than abortion!
Happy birthday everyone! Tis the season!
Is there anything so terrifying than a ghost Chick Hearn howling as the midnight wind?
hopefully that was easy enough? Welcome
Networking on the Cape tonight, interesting people and great deep dish pizza at Chicago Pizza
idk some of the stuff u say here seems different from inteviews Ive watched n y the negstuff with ur dad?u didnt like it done2u
Missed a great meeting tonight for
just got in some more Zym! we have berry and lemon-lime. come get yours!
Be strong. I voluntarily explored there Spotify page this morning.
Your bumper stickers says #sharetheroad mine says quit driving your #motorcycle like an idiot
I hope you won't be hacked!
Atrocious call on empty net goal -- linesman had arm up for offside! -- shouldn't obscure incredible goaltending by Grosenik.
If it didn't seem so ridiculous, I would absolutely include my cardinal mug in my thesis acknowledgements. HE GAVE ME SO MUCH SUPPORT.
I saw this quote in Susan Marx book on screenwriting, "People don't fail in Hollywood, they give up", do you agree?
LOCALS: please understand the massive #'s of ppl in #Indy this week. We HAD to trim our menu for speed of service. Back 2 normal on Mon.
RT : Remember this day. 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co.: $967 million.
Sweet Potato is coming soon!
That's a good list.
brought u some beers for the fridge. Hope u like BUDdy! Lol.
Today has been great thus far. Looking forward to a good night with and !
i hate when fine ass dudes talk to some ugly hoes n cal themselves pimps wen tha hoes they fuckin r fugly thats y they got so many
booted or just teleported?
Still looking for somewhere to catch the #FinalFour today? Then join us at #Fridays for the games AND the best #specials in town!
Ann Fisher: The family planning funding process is already competitive. Why should we change this system?
It is so dark in Oregon!! I can't wait until the days start getting longer again on 12/22. Sitting in front of my light box drinking eggnog.
LETS GO PACERS FUCK ORLANDO
Dbacks Win, Well Take it!
I wish I could take photos in the courtroom so I could show you how many attorneys are involved in the #INStateFair lawsuits. Tons!
me too, looking fwd to checking it out
Tried telling them,U PICKING THE WRONG TEAM--->
Winter Weather Advisory:
Frustrated being at the mercy of dealerships service depts. I've been totally hosed by Rickenbaugh Volvo's incompetency-to the tune of $7K.
April 21 inshallah :) have you set yours?
Parking at target is always a hot damn mess
Up in Keene for the day!
IS GOING TO ROCK IT THIS YEAR ;)
I'm in Norway! Who would have thought I'd ever say that?!? WILD!! :)
maybe ur mom mildly retarded like u hahahahahahahahhaa
I feel like I'm on the verge of starvation, but this cat in my lap is making it difficult to get up...
Now on fb & twitter? Nice >.<
My mom said my car will be fixed by time prom gets here! Woo! :D #SoPumped its been sitting for far too long.
Tomorrow will be awful.3 hours in spanish class...blah. joy.
YOU SHOULD BE SPOILING YOURSELF WITH SUGAR RUSH!
The world needs more...
Your mom called. She wants you to buy an Orlando home today.
What a beautiful spring day! No room for improvement.
Missing my baby already :(
re mus exhibit $$$ may depend on topic, more or less
HA i seen her yesterday and today...I WIN! :p
<---- Riding round and Getting it'
Ford isn't selling cars directly through Facebook. They think of ROI as return on efficiency.
Thanks so much for the follow!
So how do you relieve anger, Yoga? Zanex? Big bag of weed?
The lab coats the waiters wear at Scotch and Sirloin is kinda weird...
You only get one chance to breathe this in.
the only thing this page is good for is news. noones ever on anymore......FAIL
Wondering what is imbibing this morning
Twitter fuckin up too many times
lol! So u already know what's good!
I whip my hair back and forth... whip it real good. ;)
My bitch RT : I'm letting tell me what to do
I love my mommy <3
I'm honestly too on-edge about all of these bomb threats to do work
The penguins.. Curious beings they are. I still haven't figured out why they kidnapped me and forced me to tweet for them
Thank you so much! I'm glad you liked everything!
We need a regimen of prayer & fasting. This is the area in which you should be religious (a set pattern of doing)
Idk how having thick ass thighs and a big hips became everyones dream; If I see anything getting bigger i hit the treadmill quick & swift!.
#TheAwkwardMoment When You Pose For A Picture Your Not Suppose To Be In..! :)
Go #Badgers! Watch #RoseBowl at #Milwaukee's best new Sports Pub, Brass Monkey 2 700 E Layton. Lots of TVs, $1 off Apps & Awesome Specials!
Going to Chick Fil A for breakfast will always trump first hour.
omg why did you tweet this
I never called u fat.
Gah! I just realized I have no electricity!! ok don't panic. eat the ice cream now, charge phone on laptop reserve... /hyperventilating
thanks! It rained on us all day long. Cold and wet. We were glad to see some friendly faces though!
: saw ur show last week w/the mother of murdered daughter and children of murderers.
if u do it, I def need a pic. Preferably one with u nekkid. Lol seriously, I think it would look good.
PA plans a little longer than you thought they'd be?
#SmackDown come on john morrison
Upcoming for our website: Hard to find ACCEL Thunder Twin items for Harley Davidson motorcycles will be listed in January. Will sell quickly
He's the black mamba right now
walter's sounds like such a fun place! y'all have fun!
Tropical Typhoon Mike and Ikes.
you kicked his ass i hope ;)
Legend tells of a legendary warrior whose kungfu skills were the stuff of legends.
Hell yes.
"use deffinetly in a sentance" "are there lumps in farts" "no" "than i deffinetly $#!% my pants"
TRAFFIC: Jack Knifed semi - SB I39 near Stoughton Exit
thanks so much for helping the newb here!
I know. lmao I think it's funny
thanks for checking it out! :-)
My dad shaved his head.
Omg. It might be you,... oh wait, IT IS(:
At 37 I think am developing my first allergy. Can't figure it out. Every morning itchy skin covered in hives.
any chance the lowes gcs are coming back soon?
why did you mention me? I don't wanna see this video!
Ah off to the ortho so hopefully can be running again.....SOON!
So, do you know what the latest phrase, "TBS", stands for?? Lol, check out our blog at blog.drwiggys.com! We hope YOU don't have TBS!!
Houston, TX stoked to play for you guys tonight! Come see us
Punk is going to beat Bryan at Over the limit
God. My mom fucking wierds me out.
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to your tweets. Are you in Miami?
#YouGetMajorPoinsWhen you come to all my baseball games ;) and even take a foul ball off the back to watch me play!
DeMaio says he has lots of plans, but isn't just relying on plans. He's already working on the plans he's laid out.
LIVE 4 THE MOMENT!")
Just got back from the dentist like 2 hours ago. Ugghhhh X(
"I'm convinced that every boy,in his heart would rather steal second base,than steal an automobile" Justice Tom Clark
Where did all the statesmen go? They're in hiding, or in higher ed, preparing our futures.
pop tabs? We call it soda around these parts! Ps: water fountain or a bubbler?
Think Big, Start Small, Move Fast. -
": Anybody know where Voxer people come from? I have a full list but I don't remember ever adding anyone..." 4 real doe
Get stories on EVERY #MLB team daily here-WWW.USSportspages.com
I forgot how much registering sucks
Whatever! Dont talk to me
Just arrived in Greenville SC for a Design Institute. At Furman for lib tour--civilized after lashing rain in NY this am
A spooky Saturday at the museum is in the works for Oct 25th. Costumes, creativity, and curiosity encouraged! Kids of all ages welcome!
Just filled up my four day weekend with shit that seems a lot like work. FML.
Yeah, but still cost $12 a drink? Midtown's Lounge ON20 is undergoing a remodel! Look for Lounge 2.0 to to debut later this month!
not nearly as much as I'd like. Lack of time! You?
Carlos Boozer m.i.a.
Girls night with !
did you take a listen to Dive yet?
Cranking code?
What about that fancy alpaca? That's not a fancy alpaca; that's a toney llama.
Best deressed athlete in MN is and he smells good too, his cologne #NUMB#RS :)!
What's up twitter world! Well after a great weekend of hoops l now I am left with watching Star Wars and Wrestle Mania.
Discovered one of my favorite writers, Adam Gopnik, interviewed Saul Steinberg in the 80s and it was never published. Tantalizing
South By Success! Even made it to work early! With breakfast! No idea why I'm so excited about that.
If I were Cat in a small, Southern town, I would be concerned for my safety if I reported to cops. Bleak, but true?
So much to do this week: lots of client work, cleaning, organizing, decorating (?), home diy's, exercise, grocery shop...I need a clone.
YTown loses. Bet this was a good game to watch live RT Final. Wilton keeps Turnbull Cup, 12-11.
Thanks, and will do.
Great day, projects going well, business where I want it and kids giggling in the pool. Good life.
TROUBLE WON'T LAST ALWAYS
Landscaping @ Winter is the best time for makeovers, prices are MOST competitive FREE Sketch/Design, ring me; 619.752.6804 Expert!
What's on Osama's hard drive? Friend's reply: "Probably porn."
bummer! hope you are feeling better
Austin airport is a madhouse. Lines through security are atrocious. No surprise, but I should have woke up about an hour earlier.
Beer is heavy, UPS charges by weight, we charge flat UPS rates. We don't even have a packing fee added on...
LIFE HAPPENS!! The plan that we have may not be the PLAN that God Has... But keep on trucking!!!!
#edshow Turns out it was AL GORE's GIRLFRIEND that invented the INTER-METH......Odd.....
: next time you head to drop me a line. I would love to say hi!
Really,Pedro? 2 hits and 2 runs batted in? Keep on rollin.
Bets on whether or not Boehner's envelope contains crazy purple knock-out gas.
normal!!! You should be used to failing....I'm gonna go shave my legs
killin it though
it saddens me,out of all the people in our great nation,that this is the only people we get to elect from as our president
Obama has blamed all of his problems on Bush, Congress and now the Supreme Court. he has no one left but himself to blame now!
Another parking ticket! Hooray!
YESTERDAY is History, TOMORROW is a Mystery and TODAY is a Gift so we call it the PRESENT!
awww how sweet!! I love you :)
good luck on ur game bruh don't :D LOOLOL
Okay....there are so many open seats..so many...why are you sitting next to ME????!!!!!
TWEETERING NOW FROM GOOGLE DRIVE AS SOON AS GOOGLE DRIVE LETS ME USE GOOGLE DRIVE
There may be other real mistakes in Redshift, but that one was deliberate.
Thats how you do it! Nice testimonial.
Marvins Room is definitely my favorite song of all time.
Register today at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your hockey games and check out the forum to discuss all your hockey news and questions.
greatest tweet EVER RT : the 12:20 wild mix is tearing it up! It's making my booty go pop! :)
which episode of Law and Order were you on? it plays nonstop down here and i want to see the one you were in. xxo
I can't even begin to express how much I adore you. It's too freaking much :)
That picture you texted was COLD BLOODED. I cannot wait to hear about your talk, travel safely, lovelovelove you)
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone the first time.
legendary murderer
Crazy statistic of the day: Jet fuel is $3.16 per gallon today, up from 78 cents per gallon in 2000.
Whole foods is so great!
3 radio shows today, tomorrow Live with Bernadette at noon on ABC in Anchorage. I hear she's a pistol.....we'll just see about that!
Found 4 big canning jars at a thrift shop (all for $2!), but no lids/rings. Of course I bought them. On a slippery slope to Hoarderville.
In s bed with
ALA will have a booth (#629) during the IFLA Conference in Puerto Rico. Don't forget to stop by!
Thank you for the #FF mention! Hope you have a great weekend!
TRUE THAT (;
Keep faith #SteelerNation!!
Good morning and we hope everyone has had a good week.
Ill Shoot You with a Machete
how can we book you for some stand up?
We belong together like Microhoo.
thanks for the follow Izzy! I'm Logan!
IM SO BORED!!!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR
>: We don't focus enough on user & client acquisition metrics; how much does it cost to acquire a new client, retain, etc.
lol. Do you ever visit LA anymore?
What are you doing?
Sometimes you realize that family ain't shit....
Nap time before tonights festivities!
wonder if Christian Bale is gonna help and perform all talk in Madison on Sunday
not sure how a teabagger is the lesser of two evils, but sure
: are yours?
TUESDAY MEETING tonight at 8:00p in Monroe 114. see you all there! and at 's V-Day reading fri, feb 10th in the Alum House.
What else are you looking forward to? I think both Prometheus and Dark Knight Rises could be great.
go follow lol i cant even name all of #teamsongbird just go follow
Wordle supports multiple language scripts (latin, greek, cyrillic, hebrew and arabic) it may not support asian fonts yet.
Jon Ippolito: before it was how well you could frame and photoshop an image; now it's snap, post, I beat ya!
Would you rather they be agitating for a return to the gold standard?
Today is going to be the best ever. Full of coffee, porch, pottery, rummage sale, canal jog, and bowling.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you SO much! Will you please follow me back???! Btw got your doll and trading cards 81
sounds like us!
Totally got on the wrong bus. Where the hell am I?
I think I just found my new place!
Your positive attitude is so inspirational. You've made Badger fans proud! Good luck making the decision that is right for YOU!
I could listen to ____'s music all day long!
Strive time be better
Not for the first time, really wishing that the US East and West coasts weren't 3,000 miles apart. Feeling grateful for the Wright brothers.
:) I am doing well so far today. How are you doing cutie?
Suggest harnessing HOT AIR from Congress & WH Energy 4ever
Outpost announces merger talks with Armory Center for the Arts. Merger would preserve artist residencies, Monster Drawing Rally
Thanks for the love!!
Netflix HATES Will Smith.
#Champagne #LouisRoederer had a record year of sales in 2011, sales hit 3.7 million bottles last year - a new record. Via Drinks Business
#ILoveHow can fart on command.
his downfall more to do with body breaking down? That swing, all the torque, too much on back and knees IMHO
Happy New Year Everyone!
Great to see CIOs excited about the changing IT climate!
yeah yeah woo woo! she's in the office now =)
thanks for following me
Yesterday I was driving down Melrose & I saw the tree and remembered the burritos. We need to get together soon.
If you are questioning value of your librarian issue isn't the POSITION rather person you currently have in that position. from
your welcome!!!!
Any of you saying that elbow isn't intentional better remember it's not 4/20 anymore. Ron Ron is back.
I already followed u and I'm fine how r u?
This is a ugly picture of you.U really need to stop LOL
#SomeoneIWantToMeet We ARE going to make this happen someday eventually. YEAH BUDDY ^__^
traffic is a disease that spreads from awful drivers to the rest of the road hogs.
Tune in to tonight at 6pm to support !
what else is new! He and those who follow should be fired for endangering the welfare of Americans. GOPNwill never learn
Whenever we would have/ask for PC4PC, hack each others profiles & put our picture in their profile, & have our top friends.
": This is how it goes: I will respect those who respect me, and forget those who forget me. Simple as that."
Finally got to watch #Goldrush last night. Sorry, but I had to ffwrd through the segments of Dakota & even Parker. Boring!
Yes. I totally hear ya on that. I'm going to focus on purposeful decorating. If I don't love it, I don't want it cluttering.
Smart money's on Zsa Zsa. I like Castro to croak, for the win.
Marilou, thx for the RT and Happy Mother's Day! Susan
Bear Grylls is my hero.
Had a very random/fun night...gotta love the spontaneity of my life when I get bored lol
Uh So bored waiting for new video!
Naps are the best Sunday afternoon invention ever.
cheers to following !
you are a thug!
Hot Mexican food on a cold day, nothing beats it!
Ya and u stuck ur face in my convo e devon. STOP TALKING TO ME. IVE WASTED MY TIME ALREADY TALKING TO U.
How did I get this drunk?
Japonica on 100 Univ. place is truly my favorite sushi place in NY so far
As wild as it might sound, guys need hugs and security. So do big ones.
How Exercise Can Prime the Brain for Addiction
HEAT WHY?
We in here ee goonn set it all
All the #gay guys around here are black nd Im not racist just for some reason my fam has noprob with me being gay but wont allow interracial
#migraine yesterday means my body needs a little pep talk before its ready for today. Today's a new day.
There Is No Time2Stop & Listen 2 What Haters Gotta Say Just ZoomRight Pass Them Even If U Still Hear It.It Shouldn't StopYou JUST KEEP GOING
I love Austin, Justin, One Direction, Tay-S, Breezy, Weezy, Adele, Cher Lloyd and Demi! RT if you love one or more of them.
Really? Hispanics and Blacks now 'not' voting for Obama because of Gay marriage? Idiotas!
"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." - Charles M. Schulz ---Happy Valentines Day!
Spent about an hour in the freezer making pallets just now. Whats cooler than being cool?
bangs & blue shoes should be the name of your first novel
Have a great week everyone. Let's make it count. Do as the RBB do. Don't take any guff from those swine!!! If you do, then do it cool.
I think I'm going to have to live vicariously through my daughter's rebellion because I certainly never did go through adolescence
Psanders is ugly in his profile picture tho.
fuck spelling bee :(
And really there is business before pleasure. This is a democracy, you do need a consensous to decide the quality of light bulbs. What joke?
WHY DIDNT YOU COME TO SCHOOL TODAY! i missed you also shaina and we put your books in your locker!:)
At least they are recovering with a "Vengeance." Float Boat almost hit an Iceburg!
I have a family to support. And I'm not always going to be doing exactly what I want to do.
well I texted Elliot and it worked
stay classy
i added you to my circle on #google+ , add me back already! ;-P
If there is a design to the world in which we live, there must be a designer.~Thomas S Monson
I have read an interesting topic from paidtoplayinfo
despite lag inside, you were right. Going home sooner that I thought!
He seemed very familiar too! Cain actually was very friendly & stuck to policy of not commenting on local disputes - stadium
MORE than ready for summer to be over. I refuse to buy warm weather clothing!
Follow my friend 's new and potentially quite hilarious page
cannot wait !!!!
SportsCenter is turning into cheesy daytime TV. This DJ Steve Porter bit is making my brain hurt.
Good afternoon, Ben!
you are correct sir! Luther Vandross is the greatest ever! Better than Marvin Gaye.
Fuck all you fake people. I'm real
Spending the day relaxing...
Crypts won.
I'm with you!
video coming soon thesportsland.com
Although you've become experienced in fighting, God is saying "Be still" in this season!
Q3: I have only made lunch/dinner in #slowcooker but a friend said she made a #quiche-type-recipe. Anyone else try this?
I never asked God to take me out of the storm... I simply asked Him to hold my hand through it.
ouch... they'll get you for anything nowadays. When are you moving back to the boro?
Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna: Politics and Culture.
ah. well then. YELLING AND FLIPPING TABLES IS GOOD RECREATIONAL ACTIVITY!!! I'm on the local club team.
haha i just imported from my garmin
you raw....lol
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
i got those ones, there to fresh. how you been?
": #MentionTo your friend who always comes late to school." pretty sure that friend is me....
Why kerry wood! Why in the world would you retire?!
RT : MT : Tonight we'll have in Jason LaBaw (), CEO of ! We can't wait.
When me and brother jam to Three Cheers For Five Years >>>>
"Sexually, yes... philosophically, maybe." Young Mick Jagger, when asked (circa 66/67) if he was now "satisfied."
The Janoskians are so important to me.
Can you say anything other than No?
nice! which one?
#vaforum12 illustrates the clever dating of the creation of Jefferson's book lists using purchase records & subsequent interlineations
No! Say it aint so! RT : Latest model suggests that the system for Tue/Wed has the potential to be a Major Winter Storm for MN.
Bout to make some coffee, read these sales books, and study this script!!
i wish i can come and give you a big directioner hug to make you feel better!! <3
Consistency and Perservance!! .. Thats my talent!
thank you!
haha oh my gosh! Okay Aimee
I applaud for taking a stand for marriage equality today! Thank you!!
Our family has grown! We welcome new agents to AR Jamie, Kennedy, Jasmine, Evelina, Robert and Gina.
Theyll be battles, theyll be scars, but they cant shatter a love like ours.<3
I shit in the house again and got in trouble. I say fuck you. Wake up and feed me on time.
Lol. No is just not ready!
I'm sorry\: I'm so busy in rl
Fan identity crisis
The usage of the best printing company is must if high class CD jackets printing are required.
do u have holidays??
u can say that shit again
CRM exam on monday but i am still left wif 1.5 chapters UNTOUCH!!! i am just gonnnaaaaa DIE i suppose!!!.
Never underestimate unchecked stupidity in GOP rank & file; they may decide to hold debt ceiling hostage again anyway
this kid needs some help.
Heading to #SHEAR tomorrow! Anyone else?
2nd annual New Yrs party is a day away,txt for location or call. if u been before well u just know if u haven't well u will. People already
hated to have to call for that! She's resting now! Her & grandma making dressing & talking about how bad we was!
I LOVED your outfit today! Where is it all from?
congrats on the goal!
All The Drama At Glenn. fuuuck..
Its called a buff. This game just got serious. RT : : 1999 called. They want their Survivor headscarf back.
I think T. Jones will be able to guard both frontcourt positions. He still has room to grow physically, & he's already a beast.
how old are you ? (;
Where did I put that hand sanitizer?
Emma Stone and Ben Stiller possibly the best presenters of the night. She's so presh!
. - consider my vote cast for to host
It makes me sad that the Condescending Wonka isn't funny anymore. Sigh.
dam that sucks! Turiaf is
now following this chico .>>>>>>>
Thanks for the suggestion to follow me! :)
I love the deals. it will take time for them to gel. Clubhouse chemistry will be fine.
All I'm gonna do is just go on and do what I feel. - Jimi Hendrix
Haha no not for Valentine's. I like a little wobbly warbly music every now and then.
oh but they are so much more expressive!! And cuter too!
whoa. Whoa whoa. I didn't.know anything. WTF! I'm shocked now.
Merry Christmas to you too Tyler! Shine responsibly!
yeah man! - Los Angeles, CA
the fast green fox jumped under the lazy dog.
Think I just saw my first cotton field--outside of a Sally Fields movie.
Score! G'nite.
I'd like to make a shoutout SHOUTOUT!!! :)
not sure. I plan to stop by there and get the scoop, and will let you know.
Just saw a dog chasing a goose thru the waters of Lake Mendota! So glad to be at #UWRightNow! Especially on Lakeshore Path.
I was saying boo urns RT : RT : Did they seriously mistake Chooching for booing? Come on, ESPN, are you new?
Congrats to our #SDSU #Aztecs on their first men's NCAA tourney win!
you're a hero!
#wiunion is Democracy, not just party connections. We want corporate interests to stay in business, but not working to control government
Wall St. Shrugged
I think and the whole crew should record a cool morning 3 tonight!;D that would be amazingg<33
Wow!! Thank you for following and for such an awesome magazine. We need to adopt a greener way of living in the world today.
LMAO!!! I will never be able to look at this picture without laughing now!
hey Neil, how was the rest of your trip?
... in this room is blind to the needs of the 9th. Voters need solutions.
cold to adults but warm enough for a Middle School boy to go outside in short sleeves!
Q4: What do you think about virtual author events - things like Livestream, Skyping or Shindig?
Low battery again!
Thank god for my iPhone
I made breakfast for my mom. My dad wanted to cook but I told him to get out of the kitchen. the man who once mistook cumin for cinnamon.
We don't think has one with salted caramel yet, but they have our baileys irish cream flavor and honey graham.
Beautiful morning in Detroit starting with goodies from Mexicantown bakery!
God definately has his hands over me & my family, I almost got in an accident today the guy would of hit my side too
Giants...u guys r killing me!
Tomatoes come from the ground and the ground has animal poop. Doug - 1 Joanna - 0
haHa ha Ha (not telling)
Thanks for the RTs and #FFs! and
Hello! Long time no chat! I've been out of town, hope everyone's weekend went well. No new etsy listings, but will have some soon!
That moment when you put mascara on then you sneeze!
hey guess what? I'm almost done with school. aaaaaaahahahahahhaah...and you aren't!
HELL YES!!! WHERE-AT??
Furious at Cascade High School. My brother got suspended for protesting. What has this world come to?
They keep adding And.... -__-
That night we pulled over to watch the 2am fireworks bc it perfectly matched how we felt.
Hanging in for and but I'm sleepy
I used to not be one myself but since I possessed a major twitter addiction back in Oct of 2010 when I first (con)
Nothing much You.?
will do;)
Watching Celebrity Rehab. I love, love, love
I enjoyed your Sugar tribute, but he was 75. There was a kerfuffle about it yesterday, and many places got it wrong at first.
shout out to all my new followers
and there's no way in hell ill be 3rd place, or get under 9 mins
is on my list to try! I'll go!
Studies report that identity fraud has risen 13% since 2010, which is attributed partially to the growing population of smartphones.
Dude, these cookies are only 50 calories each and delightful. Trust me, worth it. One super sweet, one is enough.
omg and I get to see FATS after almost 2 years :')
I don't disagree, but didn't need a QB, and was so barren at RB, I took upside shots. That was the plan!
Can the TipsyTow be a regular thing?
paws is an amazing org. I have a friend who volunteers there. Very very good people. You can rest easy. You did the right thing.
pretty sure decisive factors in success of both SA & OKC is obtaining high draft picks & taking obv choices in Duncan & Durant
I'm feelin you guys - I'm thinking dem saints are good for 11 too...and that's not just the Abita talkin either...
Good morning 2 all & may your day be Blessed with no stress!
Right?! When that song came on is when you dropped everything and fucking busted out dancing!! #gottaloveit!! Hhah
Keeping an eye on the TX Senate today in case Wentworth tries again. They're on Local and Uncontested bills right now.
#resume #tips When you add a new skill on your LinkedIn page, why not put that on your resume somehow? That would be a good resume idea.
i love u justin u daBeast with Swagg{: i wish u will follow me Please i love nsn3d u inspire me your music completes meluvu
Good night homedogs.
Just played my first game of hacky sack , why haven't I heard of this game ?!
What do you do if you need your glasses to find your glasses? help!
Would you like that toasted?
Your customer service just blew my mind: a nice knowledgeable person on the phone, good websites with stuff I need on them, awesome!
behind the scenes at bon jovi tomorrow, including production details and sound check! we'll tell you all about it at
Can't wait to meet you in person! RT : I can't believe Thanks guys & I hope to see the whole team in Birmingham for the race
So fresh and so clean
I never smoked before. and i never will.
Follow my gifboom
Twitterpation is a deadly disease....
i hope you feel better i know what you're going through one of my friends did the samething last year if you need me i'm here
hello :D rt this if you like lady gaga :D
HBOgo is the bomb--log on and see all the episodes of HBO shows.
anything special happen when you listen to "Friday" by Rebecca Black backwards?
Nice article from on about Harper's Playground project at Arbor Lodge Park. Proud that UP students are involved!
#Christian #fundamentalists: isn't it enough that you've condemned me to hell when I have to hear your constant proselytizing here on earth?
Want cute clothes that show off your fabulous curves? Follow us! Thank you!
We're thinking of you and praying for your mom.
The #Hobbit trailer promises to be an epic film. #DwarfChoir was a nice touch.
Water main break, more like... schools dumb. LMAO. Right guys?
"You just made all white women look bad."
thanks for the follow. Glad to see you here!
Gotcha. Gross :-/
how's Aaron?
Somehow just saw this photo
Here go shhhing people again.
25 days!! Reblog if you know what that day is about(;
Play like a jet
Pats pass rush outstanding
Francois Villon~ I know all except myself.
Changed cable service.nobody thought to tell me the change would require a new cable box.No TV till one comes in the mail or I stand in line
fuck wit me when u touch down
I love how smart are president of The United States is. He speak so clear and so professional
definitely the 5 boxes of absolute 2011 was crazy!
omg. Where r u??! Are you okay?!
Time for some game of thrones!!!
I don't care stop sendingg this shit
I think I do more street promotion than online.
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body
i'm sure the anticipation is just KILLING you...don't worry, should be unveiled soon.
So proud that I am finishing our taxes a day early. ;)
Give personalized attention, that is key to loyalty
I just want you to have the best Headshots EVER! Please gimme a shout-out since I can't make it.
Not sure how long you have been watching the show, but those are episodes and a famous line from Barney about legendary.
RT : Stretch your imagination. Make your dream more real than your fears.
Guess who is finishing demos up Thursday???
Aww, fuck it gimma that damn bucket. When I throw this Pussy you betta not duck it. ;p
Must RT w/in 2 hours. Winner chosen by random draw! Good luck!
Dental Tip: No sugar or honey in your coffee or tea. Use sugar substitutes instead.
My first celebrity follower!!
incidentally, the hashtag #inandout totally doesn't mean what i originally assumed it did. -lisa
read Bill See's book "33 Days" - i highly recommend - about a band on the road - you will love it~
can someone, someone please tell me where i went wrong? and how many more times will I have to sing this same old song?
lol thats not what i ment! I ment its not true that i dont like yall that much!
at times
Great! MT : Today the Justice Center is training Harlem faith leaders on prisoner reentry with the Interfaith Center of NY.
There's a difference between joking and lying.
. sounds like you should get some ointment for that
You wanna know who's amazing and has an amazing smile? Read the first word again(:
your voice is fucking amazing, can't stop listening to Last Day xD :)
Anytime! Thanks for the El Diablo Margaritas!
My Google suggest no longer shows the statistics. Does anyone know how I can get this back.
who wants 2 hear me rap...if u do wait in about 10min
I'm in a delicate state right now. My emotions are running wild. So, sorry.
That's easy: #Canada, for starters ;)
Writing on Mor Lovhours & looking for people to share their thoughts on this memorial to Mike Kelley. Contact: prettymetals[at]gmaildotcom
A Tale of Two Cities!! But then I've only read that & Great Expectations.
Acting dumb ain't cute
Nah man, you guys are.
I assure you, there are those of us who were raised properly and remember to do those things
Changed my moniker to my #voiceactor name rather than kidvoiceactor. Thought it would be more personal.
I think that's the wholesaler that Nobu gets their fish from
Pick your outfit yet?RT : You should come with! The #DCAddyAward Gala is what all the cool kids are doing.
7.5 miles to get this day started--
Going for a morning walk at two rivers sounds really nice right now.
lol - & it actually DOES work for about three & a half minutes more! ;)
Happy National Beer Day
We support you and love that you and your child is active in staying healthy! Follow our blog, for tips and other useful info
I MUST have one. The waffle maker. Ok, and the waffle.
You have any crazy dreams lately?
It is on in GAFE too!
SatansParakeet: Working on my reimbursement submission for #sla2009 and mourning the decrease in travel funding from last year.
...sighs, nothing beats bowling away your retirement at Jillian's.
Back to #OKC for a couple of days w/
There is a certain degree of professionalism that needs to be re-implemented.
Who's out running around Houston showing houses? This guy!! Real estate is HOT here folks!
I #love winning almost as much as I #hate losing.
My friend did eat the brownies last night
Where in the world is Osama Bin Laden? He's not.
Llyod - Feel So Right >>
I want some takisfuegos
Bakersfield has come out sharp in the Q4, outscoring Sioux Falls 10-4 in the first couple of minutes, SIF lead just four points now (81-77)
The rain is messing my TV up! I'm starting to hate Direct tv but I have CNN live on my phone! My iPhone will always come through for me!
Curt Schilling always has something to say. Always.
I really enjoyed the show and was bummed I have to wait until next summer! Hope it sticks around for a while.
<3 I love you
Um ... isn't that photo a Mallard hen and not a Muscovy?
I wanna hear the real original version of don't wake me up
Sure, but a breakfast pastry is a breakfast pastry. A Pop Tart is a "breakfast pastry." No need for mea culpas.
in a caravan of some latin bitches ..... ROZAY!!!!!!
really dumb and dumber two? Fucking yeah :-)))
notice my existence love <3 ((:
I work in the entertainment industry. I don't hobby in the entertainment industry. If you need the diff explained, you don't work in it.
Why do people feel the need to bash an 18 year old kid just because he didn't go to the school you wanted him to?!
Tonight is Ladies Night!!!! cranking great music. Our famous Reverse Happy Hour 7-11pm!!!!!!
Caleb, you look like a kid in a scary movie. I feel like a creepily sung nursery rhyme should be playing in the background
Very cool. Glad to hear it. Missed you at fight club tonight!
IMPORTANT! --> RT : Oh. Um. So I'm on Jeopardy tomorrow night. With and Robert Gibbs.
Savings Tip - Wash only full loads of dishes and clothes
Shows starts soon... We're playing 4th. One block north of ainsworth on 22nd ave. (like 4 blocks north of killingsworth). 2211 NE Holman
Follow Billy!
shush... isnt the 143 thing so obvious?! i cnt believe we ( i ) just figured it out recently! i feel stupider than usual...
Bitches follow me like twitter
There are way more schools than that ... but those may be the ones that concern non academics
the more you hurt him/her , the more he/ she hates you (:
cool ... At BlueRibbon BBQ, grabbing some lunch. Be over shortly
Powder Blue was fantastically done! CONGRATS to all who worked on the film! I have a very special place for Jessica Biel in my heart now! :)
The first thing that I woke up with on my mind was "hspa scores" ..
hey! you are cool lets BFF
You and I, you and I are together!
Hey Carson! Awesome print background image!
Lacking in Monday Morning motivation today...spin pick-me-up at noon to kick start a little productivity
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
that's awesome!! Keep up the great work!
Oh prom drama don't miss it one bit
oh shit. me too.. alright, ima drop out tomorrow after first hour
There may be some Republicans aboard.
Foster the People - Houdini #replay yes :)
GO GET YOUR ASSHOLE BLEACHED SO IT LOOKS BETTER THAN EVERYONE'S POOPY BROWN ASSHOLE!
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama <3
Not a grand day.
don't know what they're going for nowadays, have a blast at the raceway!
I loved my day today ! , excited for tomorrow (:
Back in Night town in Cleveland-one of my most favorites and they've got brand new piano
If you have recently read a useful post on teaching, email me with link by Friday for Teaching Carnival 5.09 @ Chronicle of Higher Ed
That sounds awesome.
Both are recommendable. Gonna sleep on it before I write my reviews tomorrow.
Nerd love. RT : Happy Birth-dada-day to Marcel Duchamp! Even though you al-readymade history, urin-all of our hearts today! :)
It's only been a half hour in this class... :'(
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
hi doll!can you help miss mimi pink share her message with all girls:)?xoxo miss mimi pink:)
I saw your comments on Textmarks. Was it worth the price? Seems a bit steep! Any free alternatives?
HELIO CASTRONEVES FOR THE WIN!!! HIS FIRST IN 20 RACES!
Never trust a bitch dat looks like her
Things finally calmed down here at Bexar County Dispatch...ah lets see how long that last
Beginning the design process for my premium Wordpress Theme.... Righteo... time to get inspired.
Beautiful People.
where is it Ian. I'll have a look :)
Get your #HAIR ready for #Spring ! Free Deep Conditioning Treatment when you book a color service! (702)588-8456
Thanks for the shout-out.
I think mad at me...but watch. she'll call back in the next 24 hrs..
+__|!| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
i hate taking showers when im home alone. its scary
You always should have a plan or at least a outline on what you want to do with life
This question bothers me as well, especially since when I poop my naster has to stop and clean it up and they just leave poops
Just read that article this morning too. Very interesting idea, right? So many hoops to jump through for RWD, but worth it?
Like the needle in my vein, you're bringing me down
70s and sunny all week long. Time to plan a #Ziptrip to enjoy the lovely weather!
Need mommy advice! Son has Dr. appt today to get vaccinated for Kindergarten in the fall. What tips do you have for scary shots?????
"I don't curse. I keep it PG-13 because that makes what I do more marketable." She smiled like she knew something I didn't.
Looking forward to seeing some of the work our graphic artist is doing. One of our clients is going to be very happy!
you're very welcome ! Do you have a contract or any signings?
quit lids = no more doubles. lol :) kidding
your day definitely beats mine. But guess who's got the elder wand.
C'mon! Do we have to recycle this old story? MT CBS can't be too thrilled with lack of Hollywood star power among Tony noms
Learned last night that I'm able to follow an old man pulling down his pants and rapping, I'd just prefer not to.
Why is my retweets goin to my mentions??? Plume fuckin up
want another tester? *waves hi* I'll be sending you an e.m. in the near future - a project for you and
It is just nice to know that real people are paying attention to what you create (:
thanks for listing us everyone!
Except in Florida!!
Enjoying Lidia Bastianich prepare escarole & talk about #Philadelphia & the 9th Street (Italian) Market
Age really ain 't nothing but a number for 55-year-old Sharon Simmons. The aspiring Dallas Cowboys cheerleader has had t
She want a man dont need a man >>>
I fail to see your point?
Work at 4 heard Kobe Bryant is gonna be there tonight eating dinner
1. Add some muscle
If you haven't discovered the greatness of 8 Seasons Grille, get to Bassett & Main NOW!!!
lmfao! I should have recored it
Eric Stonestreet missed a perfect opportunity for a fabulously ironic callback... Should have said "This is for all the fat boys!"
my sister knew a girl in school with that exact name.
Hey Matthew - Thanks for connecting! Are you attending ECAD next month?
Hey "American Dream" commercial guy from Spotify, your voice/lisp has thoroughly creeped me out.
Loved Tina Fey's women's news ...
dad's at work, mom's sleep, lil bro is sleep, lil sis at my aunts house ...... im the only one up & at home lol
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
Oh, we SO agree, Mr. Mad Man. RT I know I'm an ad man, but why do the commercials have to be so damn loud???
ugh!!! Jealous I wa By it right
Thanks for tweeting out the
You need time with you need time. Doesn't mean you don't love yer sis. Sorry, hon. Don't feel bad. Soak up kid cuddles.
Wish I was going to the show tonite in Norman but im outside of Memphis tonight...
This is why people get followed back : I'm proud of you homie your doing good things!! I always knew you could. keep it up!!
Thanks for the birthday wishes! Hope you'll be around HQ to help us #GOTV!
your turn!
Done with high school unofficially.
TOUCHDOWN to Jones for the Buffaloes...said the offense would move the ball against AZ and so far so good CU 14-7
hey ace, I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
What's up with this twitter to capacity thing anyway? Can they improve?
Can't wait to share with you all my new favorite hair item!!!
My new favorite tweet: Shitmydadsays!
I'll get into this more tomorrow but a strong start at would certainly help Steve Stricker. #golf ....
"This ain't your father's Republican Party" -VP Biden at Gen44 reception
it's your time man, I got your back
I miss this 90's music: Garbage, Soul Coughing, The Cardigans, Earthsuit, Massive Attack.
Dear rain, please wait for at least 20 minutes before you start so we can grill our steaks.
absurd & embarrassing given the wide array of genuinely depraved corporate miscreants that tear at the seams of this democracy.
Very cool- saw them at tiny Cricket pavilion in SD few yrs ago, they always think of great new stuff for their shows!
not to mention there's a shortage of up to date books in the field of web mapping.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
I think jigga likes to talk lol
Dr. Awkward. :)
love ya dangerous..... haha ill see u Friday so no it wont be the last lmao
I took a chance, I took a shot. And you might think i'm bulletproof, but i'm not.
thanks. I did very little and now I'm in bed. Sigh...
#ThoughtsDuringSchool damn I'm hungry AF
Good morning! You're up early. :) What's up today?
They hit Africa, Italy, Normandy, Nijmegen, the Bulge, the Hurtgen and liberated Wobbelin. My dad was a corporal in the unit, too.
Just because you can filter a picture doesn't mean you have to.
I'm samoan. I don't lose fights ever. Don't care if she's got a fleet of tanks
Thank you for the follow, Marci Happy new year!
the fact that everyone has an anecdote about the "against type" player means not the same!
Ye u r right
Just broke 1000 followers! Yay, and it's my birthday! Sweet present from my tweeps! Thanky:D
Happy Birthday (:
Sunday Still: "It's intolerable to be stopped by a frames edge." - Clyfford Still, 1976
Can't we all just get along?
what a nice day to go vote!
Did the Sharks get the memo?! There are THREE periods in a hockey game!
ha ha! :) Start coming up with the names now - it was hard/took me forever. Poor Flossy was nameless for like 3 weeks!
Awesome Joba doesn't forget his roots": getting the 1st win for the fans and state of Nebraska against Arizona State"
NEW! School Lunch Fraud Investigation: Watch #CBS 6pm Sun. Eve News (unless there is a golf overrun). Who's cheating taxpayers??
Its always a GREAT day in my book when that faggot lebron takes the L.
Jerry ;D yes, I might be late but oh well
[Campus Bulletin] Don't know about you, but we sure are ready for a long weekend after that exhausting week of classes.
It's #ChocolateChipDay everyone! What chocolate chip ice cream will you be getting at Sebastian Joe's?
#Socialmediatip: A company wanting to leverage social media must already be SOCIAL. Don't invite everyone to a conversation + then spin it
I am totally a self-proclaimed expert on menus. Just never before in a professional sense.
sorry to hear that. similar happened to me, realized a key got stuck upon a spill on the keyboard
it's not okay
#mymomwouldbeatmyassif i got pregnant
I need a new ps3 officially. buy me a new one :D
The place Im moving to soon for 2-3 months, you cannot install standard landlines so my wife & I will not be able to talk to each other...
Now i had to walk all the way to the other bus stop cause my mom didnt tell me the 460 ughh at least theres shade
Saw I is over.. There're boring classes tomorrow morning. Off to sleep
That sonq all my life && Yes the day you are mad at me you finally stay past 11:30 ! Nice -__- Lol
#writing my #novel on #OfficeSuite for #Android at
it was actually 210 people in the vid hahaa ^.^
Who will be this week's Kenny freaking Britt???
Lil & Shy Cute
If I could have a man that love me as much as I love myself I keep him forever that's a +
Twinkle twinkle little whore yur at school not jersey shore
- My friend is heading the event at , so I'll be there!
Today has just felt like a why bother kind of day. Nothing bad, just blah...
That's exactly why we have no progress in this country. Ignorance and greed are killing us.
love this song!!!!
Be man enough to take care and be there for your children despite what you now feel for their mother...
there is no way big lar is getting that. but that car is fucking sick tho
Check out the automated property management software we use: all offered for free!
early bird reg is ending!!! has subsidies still available...vegas, baby!! www.tribefest.org
Contact our customer service dept. They will be happy to take care of you
sending prayers up for you!
Rich Hill!
This new jacket rule is absolutely
#3WordsOfAdvice trust very few...
Shots? Bars?
Is there anyone in the Mac Company who can lead the company the way Steve Jobs did? Is there a group of people in the company who can?
Alabama needs a dependable FG kicker!
RT it completely boggles my mind how lazy some people are
roll down your windows and crank up the
Best part of filling in for Travis and getting done early? Catching the last hour of & on - Fun w/ Wunderlic!
Wow, excellent news! Can't wait to get on your level :)
rad! the key to public music is to keep it chill without rolling too far into elevator "muzak"
I despise my classes tomorrow. GOD IT'S TAKING FOREVER TO BE MAY 24TH
has landed a role....stay tuned
I don't want to follow Ryan Seacrest twitter! Talking dildos don't impress me.
So it's not actually "scheduled maintenance"?
You know what song doesn't get enough respect? "Don't go breaking my heart," that's what. woo-hooo nobody knows it
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Off to catch some Z's!
I know!! He really is. I want to hug him too! Lol
Great visit with the -psyched to follow the great work that they have in store for their first class!
yes it is!! Good job!! :D
In The Cut Rollin Doobies Up!
no problem!
How about "I don't lie convincingly enough to bother lying"?
No one I want ever wants me back.
omg you're gonna faint!!!! Hahaha
I'm fantastical, just looking for some big boy jobs! Graduation is this Sunday!
RT if you love JESUS.
Teaching is an instinctual art, mindful of potential, craving of realizations, a pausing, seamless process. -A. Bartlett Giamatti
Olive got lucky tonight and got a jump from a Jimmy.
#nowlistening to Can't Say No :)
can I lick the candy canes dangling from your branches???? I promise no blue balls allowed on your trunk... :D
thank you Butch!
I'm not a Literalist, I believe the story has a deeper meaning to complex to discuss here, but in the end..cont
My life is never dull. I'm actually living my dreams tho. I wish this for everyone. We're meant to live like this.......maybe
Plan school not school planning
that was two pretty evenly matched teams. Nice year.
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa Weekend Special. Call NOW
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds
I follow both u two lovely ladies..
that is terrible!!!
amen and AMEN.
That's it! Vengeance is over! I guess John Cena nor Alberto del Rio can wrAstle.
really? I would have assumed you were into bubs
The person who designs the unboxing experience for iPhone, iPad and MacBook is NOT the same person who does the accessories.
not tired, god damn
thanks for the VIA... really got us coding this morning!
Out of all my years did anyone ever shit together in the 2 toliet stall?
go wake up and get movin'!!!
I think we are lost...
Thanks for a great presentation!
Living sustainably in Reference Universe: The Green Kitchen Handbook: practical advice for transforming your home from
What blocks your entry way? A locked door...... but for every door that there's a lock, you just have to find the right key!
I still fire up Google in an anonymous window sometimes for stuff like that, but DDG for the rest. It's decent.
Great reactions from future authors during the self-publishing session. Thanks #ritread for putting together a great mashup of pub. topics!
"Everybody Wanna Ride When You In Limosines"
the game was so flat. missed scholes (which is sad). why can't berbatov get a game?
Omg im going to be an aunty today (:
no kidding.
Nope, according to the calendar, we're open at 1p :)
sherman sherman sherman
still thinking about the lakers loss
Who would read a blog about cleaning anyways?
you still working at BB? stay warm my friend!
WHAT A BABE!!
RT : Anyone attending care to share a hotel room? I'm a decent, clean fella.
S/O2 BGI-BOYS I C YA #YUGOTTA$ME CHECK US OUT YOUTUBE MYKUCCIENT
why what did u do??
GOSH MAKE UP YOUR MIND...JK.
Investment types: any indication how quickly broad based index funds will be taking a stake in Facebook?
thanks for blog mention!
Without doubt, my mother. She taught to love books, to study, and to reach for the stars.
RT : Looking good, modeling some of the handbags that were featured on The Morning Blend earlier!...
why is #bustybabswindsor making that dolphin noise in the jackpot joy advert?
Thanks dahlin! I'm DYING over your new profile pic!
***ATTENTION*** Desperate man lookin for a quick cut/lining... My barber playin me right now... Suggestions anyone?
Texas would be more of an "embarrassment"
Can you change your party affiliation at the polls in NC? I am unaffilliated & i was afraid i could only vote on the amendment.
Open Mic with Joe Wray, Stop in and play a tune or just enjoy the music.... Just Come!!!
I'm dressing like a huge jerk today. Khakis, gingham shirt, blue blazer and wing tips. Now I know what it feels like to be
I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions.
Rocking out to Parenthetical Girl's "Safe As Houses" on my bikeride home. That album never ceases to amaze me!
our day is made. new cross country speed record: "I placed an order on Friday and I just got my shirt in today. You guys are badass!Thanks."
My auto correct is buggin out in these text messages lol
Yum. Thank goodness they're coming to Fremont so I can sneak away for lunch now and then!
LOVE the HUMP...day! w00t
Was not expecting a Clooney/Crystal kiss or a moment. This is promising... #Oscars"
"All cruelty springs from weakness." ~ Seneca
Pulling for Dullihan & Hanson in #kyderby today
Ken are you involved with the Burn Center?
Friends: quality not quantity. While trying to make the world love you, the most important people are usually brushed to the side.
Ok, that's all I can do. 78,162 pre-edit. I'm rarely one to need cuts - on the contrary, I often need to add more. To the editor it shall go
100 day innovation challenge.
Thanks so much for everyones support. Nicki and Logan have been working hard on this the last few months and your support means the world.
Challenge encountered: how do you ask a random stranger if they are one of the "hiking homos"
CSI Miami playing Britney Spears as someone is getting murdered. My kind of show.
Come to think of it, Best Actor is the strongest category this year. All of these films are well worth your time.
Lol nicki and Chris head when she said I I I
Seven buses of fans finally back in the states! What a great trip! We'll see you all Saturday when we play for the NLL Championship!!
who going to birthday bash on june16
i don't know
How many Twitter apps can I have on my iPad. I think I'm up to 4.
hi. pls ask howard 2 stop by j.lindeberg. its right across three street from john varvatos. thanks!!!
Hell yeah
I'm tweeting from underneath my desk, where I'm curled up in the fetal position. Soon I'll move on to eating a gallon tub of ice cream.
Beating up people at a show doesn't make you cool. Get out of here.
Saturday was fucking amazing
it's cool, unfollow me then
Swimming in the rain? Yes please <3
Too many coaches have lost their players, & subsequently their jobs, by not recognizing when they need to step back. -PJ on involving staff
you HAVE to. I'm making this a formal request. I've filled out the paperwork and all, madame.
oh! good to know. Well, hello from Washington! :)
l do NOT wanna go to school tomorrow.
Good morning Bruce. Mom's are special. Hope you have a good weekend!
RT Wanted: US Proven Top-Gun Salespeople $3500 Commission Per Sale - Call Me for Details 1 888 901 8558
Gah! I knew I forgot something. I'll try to post it tomorrow.
Tell your promoter there's money waiting on you in Louisville, KY... don't miss it.
It feels good to finish and record a new song. I will sleep well tonight.
is at Hilton New York they have tons of gveaways and sponsors will send you stuff to review
We're open at 11!
replied to me!! That's really a good day! :)
YES RT : Words can't describe how excited I am to see everyone in Chicago tomorrow! :D
Anna Chich Jewelry will be worn in the Snow fashion show tonight in SF! We are so excited!
#Design enables conversations and ideas that can solve the world's most pressing issues.
Lol i was asking myself same thing
#ThingsIDislike the fact that we aren't together anymore..:/ #IStillLoveYou!
Today come by and welcome the new bartender, Dont forget happy hour 3-7 $1 domestic mugs and $3 Well drinks.
Dogs stop smelling My pants wtf
Literally having my first mojito.
good morning
#Wegmans is legit one of my favorite places on Earth! S/O on the #awarenessinc webinar!!
One day soon, reproductive freedom will be recognized as a basic human right. G. Steinem, Tufts '87
Tell me when I change, girl, but only when I change
You know who sux? #fail "Using > 3GB in future billing cycles will result in reduced speeds. You can use Wi-Fi..."
What?! That is nuts somebody could have been killed or hospitalized. smdh
That's probably Jimmy excited at his first mention in three months.
let them pay u for dumb penalties ..m..fun!!:-)
no who haven't lol, dejate de vaina! THERE'S TONS OF CELEBRITIES! You met MB, JDior & who else ? Lmfao!! Karma tho!
But incubus was dope!
haha oh snap! I can't stand the mystery and suspense!!
Yeah right!! Loving the Mets and now a Hockey fan!!!
Not wanting to go back to school yet. Wanna live the #sc2 life always!
Tomorrow is my last voice lesson at AMDA!!!! waaaaahhh!!!!!!!
Well, still in line for registration, so there went my first session!
hi jus wanted to say im a big fan n merry x-mas :)
I think he still works there. I saw him around Christmas.
Yay! :) It seems like you're going for longer runs, no? I think you were tweeting 5 miles not that long ago. Go go go!!
Frank Fairbanks and Christine Wilkinson named 2009 Valley Leadership Man & Woman of the Year
observed our first task. I really like the interaction style. Applause to our super dedicated students!!
don't play with my emotions.
My hairspray would leak in my gym bag and soak everything.
Chiefin' like an Indian!!
No, I guess they're policy/advocacy groups. But is there money enough to fund a PAC to the point it'd get anywhere?
LOL I didn't realize that
shut the fuck up Shol...ur just talking BS for no reason...I'm picking my shit up at 2 so have it ready lol
thank you so much! Its a begining. More info will me coming soon.
Social networks are for optimistic expressions and opinions. They are not for negative illegitimate bullshit
Gm/ but gn
-- -my absolutely NEW favorite place downtown!!!! fabulous food, friendly crew, sexy classy ambiance, outdoor firepits. xo
Getting ready to rock on home to my fam and can't wait to see my lil boy.
MT : Israeli defense officials say they will buy military training jets from Italy - will still call on US to protect them.
Couldn't agree more!
3rd shift flow
I adore my husband!! Yeah, I know I talk alot of shit. But I love him so much!!
Media: Check your in-boxes- We just sent out a news release
Primary; actual Singapore curriculum. Beginning training next week
ready for this weekend
Off to w/ to talk about the future of MKE politics on election day. Go vote today!
dayummmm u still have like 650 tweets to goo lmao
Thanks for standing up for ALEC!
We're still in the process of getting into the new office, so B patient if U're trying 2 get a hold of us! If 911, email
Not the best speech I have seen. Not the worst. His love of technology baffles me.
Thanks for the tweet about Jee Hwang's opening tonight!
Hi Christina Palladino from ABC5... any pictures of the accident you can send us? Thanks
Thank you Regan, you are truly one of my biggest hero's! I love you and the amazing work you do<3
"It's not what is wrong and how to fix it, but rather what is possible"
Get excited for 1/2 price #pizza on this gorgeous day. Password: BEAR BEAR PRO
#15peopleilove: the next 15 people who follow
night babygirl. i love you :)
Photo Enforcement on Oracle btw Wetmore & Prince. Watch your speeds out there! Whose ready for Halloween? Call 520-798-1111 for a ride home!
thanks so much!
I was wondering the same thing... Lol
Happy Birthday! :0)
Thanks for following! Love to talk more to you about your ministry..
lmao girls is to funny hope have fun wit that page nisha : ))))
No problem and thank you. I'll be applying myself.
Glad Tip is out of jail but damn homie could you stay out of prison so i can hear some real music!!!! you're needed!!!
This had to have been the best weekend of the year <3
Yeah I watch "Trauma". Sue me.
ooh toms! Id never buy em, everyone says they fall apart! Sweatshop labor ftw! My nikes are bombproof! :p
The dom.com interactive outage viewer is the suckiest game I have ever played. Puteh!
you'd like that. P.L.U.R.<3
The best secretary!
Care about us? Follow our jumo.com/markstuartdance
Cabbie profiled in 's cabbie quiz is working on a film called "Waiting for the G" based on Waiting for Godot--LOVE IT!
Mind.blown.
we fucking won
Couldn't agree more, in general. But picture one losing to the other, with the winner losing to UNC in FF? I'm an IU fan anyway.
We need to stop wasteful spending and we will have the money for the non profit and all other areas
I am bored
OMG my face in this picture is definitely just going to scare him instead
Whos Jeff Blake gonna start this week? only one way to find out...
if you have time, swing by, say hi!
He's for real.
Order #28311 Order Date: 5/14/2012 3:58:01 PM. Make it happen! This is for the Montauk ride this Sunday so I need it in time.
I said I took the princess to school not prince. I took TAY TO SCHOOL CRAZY
If they don't feel like things are getting better by June, they're going to have to send him to AA to build some confidence.
At Prosperity..Sang Aretha Franklin in honor of the Natal Pro-Choice Ohio fundraiser that will be taking place here on Sat. at 4pm.
Don't waste my time, and I won't waste yours. I'm too grown for that shit. I got kids already
the patriots are gonna lose tomorrow.
he is driving me to work and is goin pretty fast *covers eyes* (kendall) *pulls my hand down* I got you baby don't worry :)
The awkward moment when u finish brushing you teeth & realize you used kids toothpaste....
.. #NW The Bodyguard
Your life is a result of choices you make. If you don't like your life it is time to start making better choices..
We aim to help athletes become complete players by combining field/court work with weight room work.
Life is 10% of what happens to you and 90% how you respond
After this awards season I see why they cast him in a silent film.
Inbox zero. Time to go home.
But of course! Just feel free to drop by.
It's to god damn cold to be chillin' outside.
#bestnewsever I missed your face!! MT : According to my boss, I will be doing some jidging this season on #sytycd, season 9 :)
Fired up and so blessed to have the "Z" family on board with us! RT : Great start to the day
Thank you! I'm thrilled that you are enjoying it!
If it's so good for you, why does it hurt so much?
a little sore today after an awesome workout last night with hope you're feeling it!
thanks for the Facebook reminder, we are locksmithphoenix there. Todd H.
I'm running in the Republican Primary.
I can't help but thing the new kid art work is like Christian grey! He's so mysteriously sexy!
he was JUST over 2 hours ago. I was in a good mood :c we'll work things out.
That would be so incredible if followed me ; but with all the tweets hes getting, i doubt he will. haha. (:
Another San Diegan #London bound! Congrats to La Jolla's Carrie Johnson who'll represent USA at #Olympics in sprint kayak
#BestTVThemesEver My 3 Sons, WKRP, Three's Company, Battlestar Galactica (newer one), Jeffersons, Sanford & Son, Lavene & Shirley, Love Boat
On my way to the city, blastin' my man Hopsin with the windows down. <3
I forgot I had this thing....
1) CURRENT medical documentation is not required 2) Most important is a diagnosis by a provider 3) Chiropractors ARE considered providers
Everyone has a role to play, everyone has something to offer in the movement of justice -Shane Claiborne
I love so much. I think all of Twitter needs to know it.
Congratulations Ariel:)
Game dayy! #Celtics Nation!! It's gonna be a 'Bar Fight' *KG voice*
Wisconsin wins - 1st shrinks to 55 tied
Hey! Coming to Movember tonight? Get there before midnight! Free pizza at 9, & we're shutting down at 12! The party is underway now! :D
How do you spell hero? G-U-T-O.
and in the end.... the pain you get is equal to the pain you make.......
Don't feed the trolls, don't feed the trolls, don't feed the trolls....
New video coming later today!
Wish I could fuck her everyday touch her in everyway but she stays so many miles away she my distant lover !
Thanks for the shout-out, !
#zzif stage lights are obscuring the screen!
OF COARSE I SET MY ALARM AND WAKR UP AN HOUR BEFORE IT GOES OFF UGH
Can't believe that I survived, I fell so hard but i'm alive <3
:) wakka wakka who wants to hear a funny a** joke
What a shitty day.
i luv 1d so bad I mean seriously there accents are so cute their music is so hot! & there so sexy an unbelievable band!! <3
hello Monday! I'm ready for you so whatcha got???
where does the 3O day number come from for discharge summary?
Austin Beutner suggests retooling the Percent for Art program to be used for arts ed.
All OVS men are invited on July 31 for the Mens' Club brunch and chance to volunteer on various projects at the synagogue. No RSVP needed.
LOLOLOL. it was so werid tho like out of no where?
I've been following for 3 years. has done a great job of shepherding it. Hitting 50sts this year was huge.
The explosion in popularity of and last few months is stunning!
girl you know you got the skills to fix & fresh it up from a few drops of water lol
(; your so sweet. were do you get al your tweets from..?
RT : . in nyc is having a HUGE winter sale. 20%-50% off outerwear, boots, gloves, etc. check it out. scored some...
just listening to music and promoting my band =]
the bait just texted me <3
haha well there will be more to help & however we managed to go from college to talking about raccoons is crazy hahah
thanks! Just a few more days. Now say it with me;)
Welcome to Signing Day! Go Dawgs! RT : Josh Harvey-Clemons coming to UGA !!!
YES YES YES!!! Just what I have been waiting 4 frontend acess. WHAT!!!! & for JomSocial two!! So Awesome! Now time to buy!!
The blind side<3333
Not sold on West Coast for 2012..even Stanford is uncertain on mound and defensively
Why am I up...and why am I on Twitter??? GN. LOL
TD Jakes is talking about the combination of Passion and Purpose. They are married America!
Right, you said it was because he was a soccer fan. How is that any better? Violence should never be an option.
Great tweets!
I was going to Venus before it got hot. Now the atmosphere is just crushing.
Time for a smoke
You have to love Melo's intensity in this game....
I want to see them succeed and to stop bleeding support.
building brand through social- "it's about honesty and authenticity," says owner
We'll be there! RT : New hashtag! When you see #BRArtFair be on the lookout for all things Broad Ripple Art Fair!
Today: Treat age spots and melasma with Kligman's Formula! One of our most popular compounds. Call 412-681-6400 NOW to find out more! www.
on NW Sports Tonight at 730 Bert from Last Comic Standing and The Shield!!
My roommate told me she was jealous of my self-confidence today. I might actually miss her.
Any luck finding the pup? Also, is he chipped?
I hate when I sneeze while putting mascara and it gets all over my face
Not really an american idol fan, but im deff a fan. love.
The American Embassy in Iraq?
I'm craving Starbucks .
Early start to get my hair chopped off by !
ALAN still looking good for monday!!!!!
Free BBQ, beer, and karaoke. Yes, please.
Simon Cowell -- Not Worried About Britney Melting Down
Well, according to Wikipedia, the sandwich originated in Nebraska or NY? I don't know...but my mom always made them for St. Patrick's Day.
School/: I'm nott wearinn makeup today(:
A safety net doesn't sound that good if your a tuna.
two purposes of jails are to detain offenders with short term sentences and to rehabilitate offenders.
That was an amazing event. Thanks to all involved!!
Broken bones.. That sucks.. Hope you feel better soon!
From History Ch.--Texas begged to be in union because it was drowning in debt. Houston only major city without any zoning laws.
Vampire Diaries made me cry tonight! Awesome show!
Not to get off the topic of madonna but did you seriously date that guy who is the bachelor ben now?
Barrera: There are changes, however. Invested in redeveloping our classrooms to get technology our kids need.
Got my 10 year award from RN today. I can't believe it's been so long...
Let me just keep it real and say I'm lonely.. It would be nice to have someone to talk to on this rainy night.. text, kik:ceceg or DM
Got a jar of Honey Hill Farms (bremerton) Honey as a gift. Just enjoyed a spoonful. So Good! #yum #nomnom #goodeats Now Lookin for recipes
First day of work. I'm nervous!
Who's this from guy? Sounds cool and funny
Where is your light or integrity? Yield not to temptation! Be Encouraged.
The whole cuban sandwich story better be true- it looks like you're in a moving vehicle!!
Killing someone with kindness sounds like a lot of work to me.
it's for your own good......
College Football Capsules: Petrino, mistress exchanged 100s of calls, texts - Brownsville Herald
Great information Lisa. Thanks How do we contact you after the TWEET CHAT ?
The only beer on tap at Underground Lounge last night was Murphy's - only half a glass left - don't think they've change the keg since 1982.
Good news just keeps on coming!!! So happy right now.. loving life =)
Hi all when you get a chance check out my world music project called Indigenous Souls... www.myspace.com/indigenoussouls
Blessed with you in my life
Thanks Again (:
Shaved Ice <3
: Pro communicators must become more transparent and develop trust within our networks.
Bus rides<<<
- welcome beautiful
Good night my little dolls, may you sleep in pieces, muwahahaha
#WhatIMissMost looking in2 them deep brown eyes at the look on your face rite after I cum up 4 air n start 2 penatrate n u push away monein
don't wana say i couldn't wouldn't wanna say I wouldn't....
this movie is awful
What a game between hawks and Celtics. This and the lakers series have been the best to watch so far.
#WorstRapLineEver Bitches suck my dick because I look like JK Rowling
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're a fake. It means you are mature enough to tolerate your dislike towards them.
come to our assets conference in Santa Fe April 24 thru 26
for a short time, nothing on the ground that I can see from my relative tornado safe basement/HQ/man cave/laundry room/tomb.
Who's going to tonight to see ?
can I hate you?
People dying at my age or younger is unacceptable. Come on guys stop showing your mortality. We still have 70 or so years left.
also kills traffic and revenue to the original source. Thanks, Zuckerberg.
Since u get more joy out of giving joy to others, u should put a good deal of thought into happiness u can give
Me too! RT: I favorite tweets from almost daily. So bummed I can't attend that conference!!
its okay its not to bad
OMG turn on TMJ--Channel 4 right now...I swear Carol Meekins is wearing the pirate shirt from Seinfeld!! LOL!
Damn page fought tough
At the Met's new Islamic art wing. Wow! A LOT more visitors here than when it was open 8 yrs ago.
Attack life before it attacks you.
.:"A number of members...are engaged politically but kind of engaged on the down low...Openly gay, but...not openly [GOP]"
Warm welcome to Lauren Blystone, the new Pathways/OI Partners Administrative Assistant!
I'm definitely for IR in MLB
Waiting in car for Hubby to finish practice. I have 6 books to read with me. Reading Tweets instead
the way in which you are burned is extremely funny though
Chris Davis with insurance!
Isn't that a great feeling?!
Is convinced you don't need The Weather Channel to tell you it's gonna be HOT today when the temperature is already 91 degrees at 10am!
If I never see the inside of a hospital again, it'll still be too soon.
Fact: Lots of midwestern kids still grow up thinking "colored" is the proper way to refer to African American people.
#mzinga - love the recorded webinar so I can view on my schedule as well as Twitter link for feedback/questions!
VERY TRUE:)
Giants Defense >>>
#notlike me and get your partner Heath we will play doubles
the pleasure is all mine. ^-^ RT its a pleasure c:
Maybe this year will be (even) better than the last. See what I did there?
the livecasts are awesome!!
WOW Fantastic Baby!! Dance Woo. I wanna dan dan dan dan dance
NEVER make permanent decisions on temporary feelings.
ISO a few more local vendors for food partnerships with HoS. Any recommendations for solid farmers, salad trucks, etc are welcome!
Gotta love technology I got to watch my mom get her doctorate degree live on my iPhone and snap pix from 4000 miles away!
Five Favorite Films with Maggie Grace After her stint on the island of J.J. Abram's Lost , Maggie Grace has taken to the big screen with
No, cold... You can fuck off cold. I can't miss class anymore XD
Thank you Daniella!
Wishing I was in Santa Barbara right now... :)
Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
Lined up our last speaker! Have a great lineup for IgniteATL
I'm looking to chat with any #librarian out there who is on a selection committee for book awards. It's for my #el12ala project.
Did you know that we are renovating our Emergency Department? Even better, our door-to-doc time is <20 mins. Short wait times!
lol w.e When I'm on tumblr I start dancin& say "EVERDAY..IIM TUMBLIN" I even gotta theme song,Twitter don't gotz a theme song!!
RUNDLL32 is my best friend today. VST Instrument Ho!
We can talk about anything, The luxury about "Us" is, that we don't need to...
Glad you liked it! Thanks for reading :)
So awkward in elevators
Morning tweets!! Have a wonderful day
aww Mo, I ms yall! I got sm stories 4 u so get yo popcorn ready boo boo, LOL! My hair look lk cotton, this AL heat is no joke!
bet that
1st gripe of the day: how hypocritical of Dwyane Wade to slyly comment on the Pacers celebrating yesterday. He's one of the worst offenders.
Advice offered to me tonight: "If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!" ~ John Waters
No i am goin anorexic Fuck Diet ! that shit dont work lmfaoooooooo. But i guess i ate something and now my fucking tummy hurts!
To tell you baby It's you and only you and no one else And I'll mean it Even when I'm talking to myself
"Astrology should never be confused with astrologers any more than law should be confused with lawyers..." - Manly P. Hall
i don't see a difference in the road jerseys ...
somebody pray for
What do I know about cuban mambo? To answer your question, I am the Mambo Godfather.
I seriously am in love with
I'm at twerk wishin it was 530 already :(.
Someone honestly needs to cheer me up.
That OSU game was an AWAY night game too. And Florida's one loss that year was to number 10 Auburn. You're correct, it's not right
that's what I thought. Thanks!
The year of Wisconsin - RT : One down, two to go. Nice work Brewers!!!
I cant find the remote
No I'm now pro prop D. Not a richpublican! !!
I would say UNITED Airlines Baggage Claim
Tommy's new nickname: The Ground Squirrel Whisperer #Untamed Americas
Or is he, or anybody. No one I already had, now I only need it.
Michael Steele spotted at Bob McDonnell inagural ceremony.
. I knew you'd have my back, Rebecca. I just knew. The next time you are in Louisville, I'll buy you a Coke.
so we bought some bread from the farmer's market and the no. 1 ingredient is #carrot. Can you help explain this?
And I couldn't figure out how to open my freakin locker. But other then that, it was great!
Its too nice outside black ppl bout to act a fool lol
Headed 2 the gym...its my 1st day back N uh while, this is gonna hurt
Put the tall dudes in aka
I've always had that. It's the occasional public ranting and fist-pounding (metaphorically) that I need to do more often.
Market doesn't need new technology. Needs innovative, practical, portable, business model.
but still not in lab on time.
Sweet lady would you be my
College is so much better than high school! I actually enjoy getting up and going to school :)
Just checked my system for the Flashback Malware and I'm clean :)
they old they should be sleep... I'm back at home visitin... Actin like they aint gotta work
HP/Cisco lawsuit ironic given that according to LinkedIn, HP is the 2nd most popular company ex-Cisco emps go to
1. N.E.R.D 2. The Beatles 3. Nirvana
How elected officials waste taxpayer money - pay $28K to PR firms to tweet and facebook for them because they can't figure it
you are right bro
Who grabbed the other 2 spots for the men? So frustrating not being able to watch this live . . .
hey there. How's your dissertation coming along? Just checking in with you.
RT : I wanna deep throat some good rt now :) who's up:)me
"Who Run The World!" ~Beyonce ROCK ON! #WW ashevillewine
Sorry I forgot to tweet you back last night I was busy throwing up at the fact that you want to snuggle with me tomorrow
So pissed off you don't even understand... Words can not even express how mad I am.
Fuck you miami!
Planning for tomorrow! So excited for this new part of my life.
right...and next you are going to tell me that Oreos and Chips Ahoy are the same thing!!
RT : If 3 or more clients ask you a ?, create a video about it. [< YES!!]
automatic A on english paper only if we hand it in?
on the East side- considering beauty bar @ 1 am for Andrew WK
just in case you were wondering, hog casings look like really really long condoms. also, you should never watch sausage being made.
your show is gonna be rockin' tonight. We're coming!!! Pushing through the crowd for your beautiful face. You're welcome.
#WhenSummerComes My Planns Is To Spend It All With YOU <3
The library just emailed me saying Fifty Shades of Gray was available for me. Even free, do I want to waste my time?
Fuck take your child to work. Mall c:
Taking a long time to shower, just cause you like to stand there, under the warm water, doing nothing
#FF , now offering excellent non-relationship advice :)
hi Amanda, I was, and sometimes still lecture... International students from Japan and Europeans....
Jason Isaacs stopped by for a few hours today for a couple of ISDN sessions with BBC London for "Brotherhood". Great talent and super guy.
Happy Birthday !!! Bout time to hit the party bus again!!
thanks for the RT. i'm not entirely cynical about EdX, but i'm wary of what the design privileges & how the data will be used.
I feel like i know justin bieber personally.. but the thing is...he doesnt have a freaking clue who the fuck i am
lol wow been
Crime/Punishment museum then the Holocast museum. Such a cheery museum day today.
The leotard/tights combo: good for dance class, bad for peeing.
How beautiful it is to believe in what we cannot see.
oh mah gaw. I don't even know how I'm up right now...
. That's sickening. Can't believe that's even legal. I hope one of the "babes" sues them. Wonder what's in their contracts?
My voice has finally descended into the Kathleen Turner range. Best part of being sick.
I keep trying to like Indian food. But honestly, I feel like I just ate a pile of slop and I have no idea what was in it.
Not once have a woke up in the morning feeling like P Diddy. I don't know how this Kesha character does it
You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there.
I get so sleepy so easily now!
just hit a squirrel...omg
Is there any real evidence that you have to search hard to find timely,relevant, rigorous sociologists?
and I'm not even Christian, the artists put a lot of planning into that piece. Wish we knew who to thank.
me too, looks pretty black in the sky..logie of course threw a fit abt being wet & muddy.but blake luved it.
Wheels up ATL to DCA.... See everyone shortly.
I'm better
what would you do if you lost all of the pictures on your computer?
the one time i get hungry is when theres nothing to eat
Awake again..
I heard about both at same time. First time I heard about it was an interview of author. As soon as she said Twilight...barf.
Up to $125K in down payment assistance. #Affordable homes at Colony Park in Anaheim by Brookfield Homes!
I'de never seen an owl in real life, always wanted to. Just did for the 1st time. It was white, in daylight, devouring screaming baby birds.
Obama didn't suggest a moral equivalency b/w his political success and abolition. He suggested b/w his policy successes... etc.
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 1
We're spinning wheels of stardust giving birth to life...
Go Spurs Go!!! San Antonio all the way!!
I think I've detected a microtrend: young couples moving from #Petworth > Shepherd Park. Met 3 such at neighborhood party tonight.
congrats on the Notable Mention for Mini Morphs :)
best wishes in AZ
HEALTHCARE-If a dollar a day for 1 month could let you finally gain control over your healthcare ins. Is it worth it? www.theprofittrap.com
Do you work for a specific museum in DC? Love em all :)
Yep! Let's see now: Passport? Check.
Thursday...where did the week go. Where are your restaurant reservations this weekend?
On valentines day: Expectation- To get chocolates & flowers from someone special. Reality- Alone at home, surfing the web.
I hope I never have to say this again but GO Packers!!!
RT Still waiting on one of you assholes to explain the Easter Bunny to me.
black floks will not do rite des dayiis
RT : Listening to Death Metal on Spotify in the office... just to piss everyone off! See everyone tonight!
LOL, close but Miami's offense can move the ball, Denver not soo much
krul to be kind
you mistake an incredible display of success on bad shot selection with a clutch performance. Brian Windhorst pointed that out
Bringing liver treats to meet a friends cat seems way cooler than bringing a thirty to a friends party, no?
When did you get paws?
Today is a special day for one of my favorite former President's! Happy 65th Birthday to William Jefferson Clinton!!
fair enough
Thanks for the kind words! We are glad that we can help ease the scheduling process- its what we do :).
If it is a torn ACL he is out for year. His save vs. O's might be the last time we ever see the greatest reliever of all time pitch. Sad.
Oh i have no idea. I dont think anybody knows.
Possibly going to see Disturbed in February. I hope my dad lets me. It will make me the happiest person alive. Gunna have to keep grades up.
Everybody loves a good deal
Welcome back Pavel! Congrats on goal #13, unlucky for them, lucky for us!
I know it's a ballsy call but I think they got this one
Yeah party yeah
lol nothing at all just being myself
always happens with long awaited new releases. D:
GameAudio101 thanks for following me on Twitter!
I was named after Nia Long .
ya wanna putcha name on it
omg! too funny! i think we need a spoof of #portlandia spoofing portland!
24-hour news cycle sensationalism = Joe Paterno taking more heat than a child rapist. Literally.
well think of something or someone else.
Pack up my apartment or watch maury? I pick maury.
of course I will
one more in the name of love
#nfl not making playoffs this year: eagles, jets. Superbowl: packers over ravens.
Your girlfriend's last name is very questionable-Russian.
Loves going to art festivals to bump into people that joy to see me after 11 years...best warmth on a cold rainy day.
I appreciate your RT thank you.
yes u are that's why u break the rules and watch it at my house
Coming now.
YW! Really excited about our stay at your Grapevine location next week!
Thanks! RT check out Lamill Harbor East re: coffee place
Audience keeps underestimating students' study time & college expectations. Why are we surprised students have high expectations?
Show today! :D We go on at 10pm Main stage! Be there! Let's have some fun :)
That guy obviously loves the cock...
What a load of crap ;) RT Signs in stalls at work: "All work & no play makes you a crap creative."My response sign:"So do puns."
It's Tuesday Night Trivia and it is the final week of Trivia League play starting at 7:30! A few hints...This week we look into...
The Orioles are undefeated since BONO and the EDGE blessed Baltimore with their extraterrestrial and "Jesus-like" powers ....
aw:-) You got a special place in my heart #Bestie!! You just made my day before I go to work!
The best things in life are free...or no payments for the first year
Rain in Portland, OR too... Not in Denver, CO record temps!
Excited to be #thisclose to launch! RT For those who haven't heard, we are giving the SMPS Atlanta website a new look!
that'd be a good question for
Garlic Stuffed and Black!
Your words carry a lot of weight today, so make sure to use them with care.
Definitely hope she doesn't think I'm going Saturday wit these baby sitting shit hell naw.
NP: Al B. Sure. - night and day
Anybody into Spies Like Us?
You are such an inspiration to all women. A positive attitude brings strength, energy and initiative to all who receives it.
previously on #Survivor. . .
Hi Michael, nice to see you on Twitter. Hope to listen your new songs soon!
Another former Met with a perfect game or no hitter. Congrats Philip Humber. And Coach Robin Ventura.
Do not change who you are for anyone. If God, in all his wisdom, made you the way you are, He did it for a reason.
shout out 2 Destiny Browwn great person super Photographers and business woman To all my followers follow
People like you? DESERVE a bitch slap :p
That's funny lyn thats the first time I have ever heard that one but hey u know u could NEVER be with a girl like me not even if u were the
Does anyone in Somerville want to go get me some Chicken McNuggets? I will pay double the cost of the nuggets.
God it's hard to like twitter.
And he's still running for president!
I know #NYC hasn't been responsive but maybe also try their LinkedIn group and see if anyone there responds.
Hey Gwen! How are you?
The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories.
haha no no no
Glad you're reading! Heads up--very emotional book.
that's so not funny.
Hey Terrie, Thanks for checking us out, we are following back. Have a great one!
They already have Brady Quinn!! Lol
r u at the concert?
Getting up for work on my bday really sucks but I can't wait for tonight !:)
smartass curiously wandering
Are you a parking ticket? Because you look cheap and i should've avoided you but i'm too lazy
Kinda shocked. Just found out one of my friends from high school died. Ran into him a few months back, don't know much else yet.
Design Tip: If you want a room to help you feel energized, use red and orange colors. www. cliointeriordesign.com
Has anyone heard of Lohanthony ?
This Kansas game is nuts
birthing agendas for technical advisory group meetings
I had one of those today watching E run around the house I grew up in.
It's summer in winter!
hahaha it's just a weird thing to see, especially having known her for so long as andy's gf
When you see two homeless people making out, it's cruel to say "Get a room!"
i miss you...
cause I have absolutely no clue about what most of my followers say.
you mean you'll spend the night with me doe
Dr. Thornton: "Our kids don't know what it's like to live outside poverty. We must show them!"
Palin is blasting for his views on gay marriage. She should be blading her mother for her #view from Russia
Good luck to the Jumpstart team running for kids in the Boston Marathon today! Thanks for your dedication and inspiration.
Quick CORRECTION -- Raytown, MO tickets on Sale January 13th!!
nothing like a big bad daddy of a memory on tape.
You're welcome! Great project, very much within our field of interest!
I should say that the site is 'Forefathers Group'
My song VA BAE has been o NSU RADIO 91.1 fm all last week. Stay tune this week around 3pm
Adele is actually English. ;)
there's no way I could take a test with that adorable little schnookums next to me
I love my ole Lady doe
Thanks, digital humanitarian sounded trite to me & info. access is a common thread with the work / advocacy I do.
Gorgeous & what a great Mother's Day gift idea, also great idea - give away!!
i dont have time for you
Whoa! Alexandra set up a 5th grade Mobile Learning Committee, using QR codes to study and present their school history!
Nice review, as always. Note that mobile broadband is still a buck-thirty more, at least it was for me...
you alway somewhere sick big face ass
hey whats up?
Do mobile fitness apps help or hinder personal trainer & nutritionists when working w/clients?
Best of luck to the best closer in the history of the game. And that's from a Tigers fan. Rivera is all class.
Whether it's Follow Friday or Aloha Friday, looks like a great resource for #windowsphone and #kiddori users.
watching American Idol :)
nada just getting on twitter before i have to start typing paperwork again. laughing @ my tl. how are you?
Anyone getting DMS from me stating that someone has said horrible stuff about you DONOT OPEN LINK!! Change your password! I got hacket!!
Shit! Why aren't you in MY class?!
Thank you ma'am :)
Awesome. On hitting Send, GMail says "You wrote 'I've attached' in your message, but there are no files attached." That is very helpful.
Ugh tired of being lied to
but I really like the rest of it.
I got you, sending love your way <3
What about Ruffles bits?
RIP Levon Helm ... Now all three of the band's amazing singers are dead :(
only god knows...
What are your contingency plans? Have you looked at your exit strategies? Look at those contracts in detail.
I love seeinq your face its so #Pretty!
Title Fight with Friends, Captain and Jack and you singing along on Thursday. Awesome.
No uke for me today. Prepping for digphoto lecture plus sending out images to a gallery for Scope Miami. Cross my fingers.
the only clock I spotted seemed to be spot on. Maybe someone got to it since you last saw it?
and she's right!
any artist(s) that would like a booth for October First Friday, committee is looking to fill up the spaces. ##
Our daily lives begin and end with gravity and our response to it determines how we will feel each day. Posture makes perfect.
Interesting - what's your passion now?
RT : The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. -Norman Peale
Thanks for the pointer! Curious when more researchers might be able to imagine working w/such imaging
There are plant chicks?
Love me some pickled okra
you welcome
Is Manu an all time top 10 shooting guard in hoops history? I say yes. What say you? (Taylor)
Friday is an excellent day for pizza.
Nf Bro follow Back
super sweet
Oh thanks... I Want to be homeschooled.. And i kno it was only the first day but I felt like this last year 2.!
we can
Hey Geoff! I am sorry you feel that way. Can you email supportseattle at uber dot com? Thanks!
thanks so much Dude!!!! <3 bri
It takes 4ever 2 get anywhere in downtown LA!!!!!!
Brady made Gronk and Hernandez Pro Bowlers last year.
RT : are we able to access via iPad? >>ipad doesn't support flash :( so you won't be able to see slides
k what time
There's nothing like the feeling of knowing you've accomplished something in spite of the Pain!
Late night banana and nutella ftw! But a doritos locos taco sounds good. Drop me one off? :)
I'm about to drag Justin on that stage.
oh bro!
Great way to close #The AMA's. killed it!
Hey hope all of you had a wonderful weekend
Was talking to a neighbor at the front of my house and Kimi came up to get rubs and give head butts.
Tomorrow it may change
Getting excited for IBS next month... will I see you there?
Would like to thank my roommate for dressing me like a prostitute before this date tonight. You're welcome dc.
thanks, lee! When is ur next gig??
haha hell yea
I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice
I have now moved to headphones. Still working!
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they hear you is so fun!
Huntsman: Met Kissinger right before he went to China in 1972 at 11 years old. Relationship has changed a lot since then.
Ouch! Someone needs a lie down.
Downtown #Detroit is partying all ready. #MNF fever all day long.
We're glad to have you back, Aaron!
lazy much?
Thanks for all the #FF shouts out! If I listed everyone, we'd be starting all over again. Have a fantastic weekend #AVTweeps!
::sigh:: so very familiar with the non-apology apologies when it comes to issues surrounding race. smh.
The only better song is "gone daddy gone".
is having a 2-day Crash Course MBA in LA on the Business of Acting. Fundamentals in action to find YOUR missing link.
just really easy for direct communication to anyone you want (to usually hard yo access personnel) in an informal manner.
Hollie was AMAZING!
Ken, Kebbi Williams is trying to reach you. He's on FB. Message him yr contact info.
You did a good job but it doesn't mean you need to "reward" yourself w a new car. Bad investment, depreciates fast. Buy used.
My mind made up, grind game up, thank the Lord I'm so blessed....
Obsessing over what I still need to figure out and how to do my job....
Thxs 4 the follow and for the mention. Hope you're enjoying ur friday
Just voted for for #PMOY2012 Who do u think should win?
sorting out 600k + of emails this gonna b a b
I LOVE ur hair color:) <3
Just got out the tub now about to lay down..
I accidentally got to church early this morning and had to talk to people. I'll have to plan better next time.
Typing with one hand, baking with the other. Kinda awkward, actually.
I always text you back unless you one word answer? So no.
RT : For someone who almost didn't graduate high school it is a true miracle
love watching your show
I doubt he would fall all the way to the Jets
Can't wait til my new phone get here
Friday!!! It's Friday!! What are your plans??
I'm down..u thinking this Friday? Or next?
CC's not sharp so far, but effin' umpires, man. I can tell I'm gonna be yelling at the TV all night.
Happy happy joy joy, my Cavs won over the Heat!!
that's right, alexandra. it's on. on like zaxxon!
if I were u I would hate me too! wanna hug MOFO? aight then!
What the hell should I cook for dinner??
#USWNT - Pia is right... Can't explain missing the penalty kicks. Small difference between winning and losing.
Ha Ha came at my neck! RT " yo this chick going in homie #AintGotNoRespect"
thnx for replying, will definitely go thru the qtr. Appreciate it.
see this, if he hasn't deleted it yet
NSNRT has externships for vet students and continuing ed opps for practing vets to share s/n techniques and tips.
Don't miss out on seeing country singer tonight, 7p at Newport!
We provide toiletries, bathing suits, & more 4 kids living in poverty who want to go to camp.
Got 9/11 on your mind? (Not hard to believe, what with all the media coverage.) Then don't forget to check out the CHNM 9/11 Digital Archive
Reheated Ginza is still delicious GInza
I'm behind on everything. How do I explain to that we're behind with that, too? *sigh*
Depends on source RE: #Q5: rate or value an art critique differently online than print? #ArtHour cc
Edit it down to about half and call it a short story.
I'd give anything just to be by your side.
IBM analytics technology helps with MS research - Health Imaging
Seminar with Susanne Lundin talking about the commodification of bodies and body parts as an extension of the global economy.
Johnny Damon. Please help extend this Indians winning streak.
Myrtle Lawrence of Wellsville just qualified for #FroggyFlyaway to
Dear kiosk man: insulting people is not the way to get them to but things from you FYI
I agree completely!
i will buy u another one if tht helps plz tweet me back shank u
Sounds good Patti, the weather is looking good as well; was a little worried earlier in the week!
Sloppy challenge. Can't dispute the yellow.
do you know if there will be one kit for everyone to use or should we bring our own?
Attn all crafter who love animals and want to help over populated resuces and Orgs. visit www.creativeanimalrelief.org
"When Love and Skill work Together, expect a Masterpiece" --John Ruskin .....This Dynamic Combination will Create an Environment of 'HOPE'
what! that "previously seen on..." told me NOTHING.
"There's a Canadian consulate in Chicago?"
Dad Impossible!!
I love music!! I cant wait to get over this endless stupid flu and get my voice back so I can start singing again! I miss singing :/
": See ya at Wesy A then!!!">>okay...see you then.....its going to be a good time!
13 hours in studio for is dedication but how much time was spent doing actual work? Love the show guys!!
Want to throw a quick TY to for always drawing my attn to cool stuff on the twitter. I'd miss a lot if not for her!
naw I ain't mad is funny to me
:D yup. Can't wait for that either
Finishing up today's Party Guide feat. , & Super Bowl madness!
It always comes a moment of hopelessness. Then you just have to wait for returns. She always comes back, though sometimes wait years for it.
Tonight we find out who takes the crown. and must be dying of antici...pation
Yay for story completion!
If you're looking for studio quality lights, then Alien Bees are a popular and reliable entry point.
Every one ready for #blackfriday??
Hey, if you want to come back to the GE Committee, we will welcome you with open arms! (cue Journey..)
R.I.P Paul Baran. You will live on through your work.
Interested to hear this interview with
A Rally squirrel just b/c it ran on the field?? Good thing teams haven't adopted a rally streaker!
When I hear Bush "Machine Head" I think of a big 3rd down for the #Badgers defense. Those ath mkt guys are geniuses! Right ?
Simpsons-Bowles: If I remember House reps n Paul Ryan killed it, and now blame Obama.
If you ever want to be overwhelmed with apple products, try in Austin, TX. Nuts.
lsu has better case to get in than Alabama in that scenario. Bcs is a joke no matter what happens.
My glasses are bugging me but for some reason one of my contacts is tinted purple so I'm giving it a break =/
Agreed. I got goosebumps. Great tribute.
I love you in a heterosexual waaaayy
Never had so much fun reviewing post-conference tweets. Great conf, great people, great speakers. Thanks and
I am sore as I don't know what
Just realized I liked Marketing & Business Development better than doing the legal stuff; found I was good at teaching it. :)
Our youth is starting to change
Gonna live-tweet tomorrow's Super Bowl game! So pumped for all the antics!
Good morning everyone I have not been on for a long time WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW ?!?!?!?!?
#Nw #BGC8 reunion When does the ratchetness begin? Oh yea twins aren't out yet. Lol
yea I am
thinking about you guys - stay safe!
exactly! That's EXACTLY how I feel! Like yeah fanny packs really good and all but the other crews are just better. And -
soo I randomly read your info on here and wtf is V Pillars like what does the V stand for vagina?
Beware of checkpoints.Don't respond to an office asking you what you had to drink. Do not GIVE evidence.
I was right. Beer consumed yesterday = 40+ min 5 miler. Shit.....It was worth it!
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
It is CRAZY hot in NYC today! 105 degrees
Golly, thanks!
Why does this hurt so much.!!! :(
haha well that's ok!! So then do you work the whole week or just weekdays?
Hi (: How Are You
Between trying to type & trying to listen, I think this is the first time I have really looked at 's Prezi.
psn ones are gone in a sec again
What's the password to yo twittuh?
The Patriots REALLY need to get it together ASAP!
Where my bro
What the public expects and what is healthy for an individual are two very different things
let's think of something
RT : The value that you put into life attracts the value that you experience from life.
": Oh my. I just realized the implications of the Castle doctrine for Santa..."Lol-Easter bunny, tooth fairy, & Santa's reindeer 2!
Ironic that you tweeted 8s before me....
Funny RT : Remember my role / in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"? / That wasn't acting.
I tried to think of a tweet, but I was to busy thinking about food!
Jennifer Garner's mouth bothers me
Thanks San Marcos for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
#someonehelp i had my piss test and as soon as i pull up my pants i have to salute the flag i wish there was a picture
THANKS for the RTs! Appreciate it tons!
Good morning.
I know, right?!? I hope you enjoyed at least one dinner/lunch during the week.
Thanks for RTs, Dan!
"Jazz is a music made by and for people who have chosen to feel good in spite of conditions." ~Johnny Griffin
We love music!
oh you shut up.
I also received great chat help when I ran into an issue. Wish I could remember her name! Think she was in ME.
Guess what? I only have 2 more weeks left of radiation!!!!! 20 treatments down 10 to go. So happy about that. TGIF
Nice start from Lackey for the #RedSox and Ellsbury and Pedroia continue to be on a tear. Bard and Papelbon close out win against Seattle.
Happy Monday! We are here and ready to help you relax during the busy holiday season!
There is no harm in thoughts until we attach to them as if they were true. - Byron Katie
AR tech should retain strife. People cannot experience transcendence without strife to overcome. Everyone in heaven is prob pretty bored
Nice! Sounds like you're half crazy! :-)
A little throwback feel.
I promise we didn't disappear! Actually, the new date for the premiere is JAN 29th! Tickets go on sale soon, so pay attention! Best- PLT
Hoping for a good day tomorrow.
Unusually active on Facebook and Twitter today yet still productive. Do feel a bit more aware of what's going on in the world at least.
pretty sure i'm the world's worst panel picker
no problem hun thats true we should all just respect his privacy
Guess I can unpack my suitcase now... Finally. Lol
We had an issue 9/27 with our photo upload. This issue has been resolved. If you attempted to upload your photo then please try again now.
Am working on a Lee Morgan piece. Any random pre-publication input is welcome.
:( I hope the dog have more compassion than the owners and donate to noble causes!
thats cuz its all they play up there in Brooksville! :)
any suggestions for a car-free vacation?
Fingers crossed!!!
Happy New Year and Happy 30th Birthday to us!!!!!
Stop on in and see us!! Open till 9
Dear Spotify: Its called targeted marketing. If I'm listening to Monteverdi, I probably don't care about Carrie Underwood.
Much more interesting than all those "normal" people.
OMG awesome! You better!!!
His name is Fluffers.
Long story, but um... a secret admirer. X)
wishes The best of luck in WSOP event #17 #WSOP #WSOP17 T.I.D.!
I concur...lol
I need some magic rub for yesterday.
lmfao haha it might take a few days but let's do it, oh wait there electric though:/ lol
Happy Birthday Hitler!!!!... And Mrs. Pfiefer!
god morning(:
Gah! Bodies suck, sometimes.
except to convictions of honor and good sense.
On the outside I'm getting older, but on the inside i'm still that young kid on the playground.
its all love
Good Morning ! who am i speaking to ........ ? ( step call center ) hahaahhah !
You are loyal JT. Raiders will win but the problem is the Broncos will too.
what are the odds Aoki signs?
If I have my employees trust, we can do extraordinary things
Telling the #WCIDetroit community story through photos has = a great day in the neighborhood.
LADIES: don't be his OTHER chick...be his ONLY chick.
Thanks Kelly! Glad you learned a lot. Thanks for tuning in! RT Great webinar by today :) learned quite a lot!
abou to get me a glass of wine sit in my studio and get it in Yes :)
Daily Dose of Goodness: "Diploma" is Greek for "folded paper." And now you know what you really worked for all those years.
Well, I'd miss and my puppies.
thx for sharing out our tips!
. Thank you for selling some of the other things (besides chocolate) that make life beautiful!
Experience is the teacher of all things. Julius Caesar
Hey! We need a sleepover son!
good morning, it's a great day to be alive share the love to someone else today
Wrote that down in my notes :D
I like everything you put on
hahah. was that message about summer finally here pre-programmed?
Shopping today in a t-shirt that reads..."Moderation Is Overrated." But on this day, I wish it wasn't. Ugh.
PRT : "updating a website just five times a month will increase website traffic by 300 percent!" cc:
needs ideas for what to do with a surfeit of cucumbers. I've harvested 10 in 2 days. I marinate in Ital. Dressing. And take some to work.
it is not my fault that i have swag and you dont. wanna complain? complain to your parnents that made you swaggless b!tch
I would rather be cheated on physically than have my BF say "I love you" to another man... granted either way he's getting dumped...
Happy, happy Wednesday! Hold onto that umbrella again today! and wake up to some fun on the !
Yes! We are gonna post it on the site in the AM RT : hope u liked the show
Brand Built on 'Audacious Innovation' - Multichannel News
Yay. Valentines Day is tomorrow, can't you tell I'm exticed -.- #ForeverAlone with
Researching for a graduate class presentation this afternoon and supervising a patron in the reading room.
how's going?
Of course U Already kno.
Oh two songs in one episode of Made on MTV!
prove it
Baseball in Education w/ Franklin Central HS & Indianapolis Indians. Great way to spend a day!
I'm sure this tweet would make more sense to me if I had payed any attention in Physics today lol
when i say "I won't tell anyone" ..that doesn't include my best friend.
Possibly interested. Email me at for my mailing address & my comments. Tx for asking! Good luck.
so you're like, two stepping into the office and doing stage dives off of desks and shit?
Someday in my world, "I'll be there in 5 mins" will really mean just that.
Following back ": #Nf "
Coming soon to a regional suburban Cleveland theater near you!
All I have to say about #NCIS #TillDeathDoUsPart is Omg I'm still hawking my eyes out and now we have to wait three months
i know of wobble and vital sign. what is the third? Will it live up to the awesomeness of the others?
Don't tell student what's appropriate, have them tell you. Let them think for God's sake.
As you know, you come into a film as a different person with the separation of a few years. I'm reading a book called How Fiction Works
ah i love eating there, top 3 favorite restaurants ever for me
straight mans expectations. lets be real.
Adrian Gonzalez -- first #RedSox HR of the year.
Mnf are you ready??
I'll be there.
going to SIUC in the fall its finna crack....
Wacha' do: in', Granpop? Noon.Mysterious Science: The Truth Behind Bigfoot
Goes to show that it pays to be honest.. Yes that's intended to be a pun.
you make it to ATX yet? :)
Likewise Mr. Lahey.
fool you're gonna be 3rd string. Sit your ass down.
what was u talkin bout in the lounge i was on a different pg thats y i did not say hi
and rayovacbattery.net
it's gorgeous!
are you kidding me
It's always a good day for Panda Express
Any difficulty I meet today offers me a chance for even greater #happiness; it guarantees my growth. Each Day a New Beginning -Karen Casey
Good morning and happy Monday everyone!!! get ready to start a healthy and amazing week.
looking forward to #socialchange w
i'm pretty comfortable with the fact that if i never write a ny times bestseller, my critical analysis of pride and prejudice would suffice
biden: "dude, you said 'no homo' under your breath too, right?" obama: "oh most definitely." *fist bump* *giggles*
great post about Finley.
Thank you so very much to all the wonderful people that came out to Barley Island last night. I hope you enjoy the new
Maybe, but it wasn't nearly as well-put, I'm assuming.
Had a great early AM breakfast with Sugar Creek! Photos to come soon! Hope everyone has a FABULOUS FRIDAY! \^^^/
hay loves :D back from skul
Ha! Love the forward-promo!
Breaking conductors down by gesture and body part.
ANYONE THAT OWNS OFFICIAL SF GIANTS LINCECUM WIGS OR WILSON BREAD, PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP! THERE IS $50 IN IT FOR YOU!!!
I just realize I forgot to say goodnight to last night. Forgive me?
Where should I eat dinner? Hype Hotel has left me woozy...
Will also be doing drive-by stock signing/group hugs/howls at and Support your local indies!
I leave my broken heart in ur hands
followed, follo back?
New Girl makes a Tuesday better
People like that just don't understand how to train or workout.
RT - my mind just exploded. apparently Biggie and Tupac were 24 and 25 when they died. that can't be possible
LOL what's up
Great weekend, but now it's back to work... Should be a good week though :-)
Ok kool... I will try to touch base later with you to get you some more details.... Looking forward to you rockin the stage!!!
195 hours left at Regency Beauty Institute. Please let it pass quickly.
Very Well Put!!
Watch the 2nd Annual Awards tomorrow !
SAY HI TO JAYCEE PLEASE!!!!!!
haha i do :p and shut up!! I dont pay attention to what im typing
I miss you so much. Please come back into my life.
What do you get if you cross a constable with a computer?PC Plod.
watching #TheBachelor with Zachariah stone and
Anyone know how to delete or archive sample books on #Kindle ?
Trey ripping up slave
Listening to Aaliyah ^.^
Second semester nursing starts Monday and I'm freaking out just a little. Yowsa!
got hate mail from 3rd graders about Pluto leaving planets. Passion about science is good, if not always positive.
Naps after school are always the best (:
Gonna eat, shower, and then get petty and go downtown(:
I think it's ridiculous! For all involved!! What adult cannot handle a 6 year old? The adults should be cuffed and jailed!
WHAT THE HELL? DO NOT TELL ME THAT ALL TICKETS ARE RESERVED.
The work schedule is all kinds of fucked up right now
So glad you were able to come! Just imagine how pretty it is on a sunny day :) RT : This place is gorgeous.
I need to go to the bathroom... FUCK
who doesn't?
you are my hero.
I really don't feel like my normal self, this is depressing!!
to NYC today; timing is everything.
Big Pun Was That Nigga Tho
I really need to start running again. Ahahah :P
Disco day was great!!! We hope everyone had an awesome time!
RT : what engineering field are you studying >> mechanical
Morning! morning everyone
BE (Business Empowerment) Networking Event: D'OR after work Thursdays (204 w. 55th St.) 2 for 1 Drinks 5-7pm | Everyone FREE w/BE Network
healing a heart is easy, its just the memories thats hard to forget .....
thanks for the retweets! Appreciate it
groan :-) RT : Q: What kind of bees live in graveyards? A: Zom-bees!
Nonprofits exist because of market failures. Otherwise they would be for profit. D. Greca
Would you rather coast through life, or create your own path?
lol I can go on campus I'm suspended :b
Co La did a sick remix of Nude Ghost! Can't wait for it to go up on so y'all can hear it
What has everybody been listening to lately? Post it below :)
Doesn't matter who picks he's still going to lose in Nov! BTW you should support some1 that will support women
Just for clarification, 90% of my motivation for seeing this movie is the shower scene. And Zac Efron without a shirt.
thank you! :)
people who wanted Daren Rovell to shut up about attendence
Happy Birthday to my lil lady
#eluna09 Changes in scholarship will mean changes in librarianship.
follows me omg. my IDOL from way back.
A roar from the crowd at London's Guild Hall when Denmark's Noma wins top spot at #worlds50best restaurant awards for 3rd year in a row.
Tie game baby!!! It's on!! haha This is a nail biter.
Watching Hey Arnold !
Not even in the mood to kick it.
I still don't understand your repeated response, "It's tech." Wha?
best hotel on the strip by far
What's the difference between the Obama Administration and organized crime? One is organized. (from )
Pres. Obama will be in town, which means serious traffic.
Valuable questions being asked by "The Last Night of Caroline's Blues."
My elephant leg can hardly fit into my yoga pants. Agh.
Thankful for the man upstairs for all he has blessed me with.
Happy Mother's day everyone!!!!
RT : In the article - the model of how a band works was very potent. I will use that.
thanks so much for putting #MIN35 together, it was a very fruitful event for us. Keep in touch!
a true tragedy in America in a community that believed "it could never happen here". 2 dead. Small town never was so big
Looking good Billy Ray
and I add that you're the American Catherine Deneuve <3
To clarify, I believe there is a place for limited transfer restrictions. However, allowing schools to do so opens door to abuses.
That's an excellent point, Rob. And if you just leave it alone, it will only grow.
Word. Me too. Says my iPhone with zero space left.
that's what it does!
You are right, Natalie, people who use facebook to make only money will fail for business.
Friday nights are all about the ladies #dallasnightlife when yall leave the clubs come party some more with us
BRACE FACE<333
I am so tired!!!
awesome!! Being a PartyLite Consultant is so much fun!!
was just thinking => when not using python, I miss requests. Thanks for it. You deserve all accolades!
OMG. I'm gonna buy like 200 Believe albums now. o:
You're awesome. Thank you for being so great!
Trying to help heal the world through creative aspects.
Simple, and cool dead marathon set tonight, the woodlands is hopping, and I'm making grilled cheese for the bands!
yea ii can tell u need it
This girl, right here.
you are most welcome! Let me know if you need anything else! Would love to help your friends too! Post a shout out on ur page!
hahahaha that's awesome!
do you guys deliver?
Some peoples tweets make no fuckin sense
where is the clip of me going ham about hamburgers and cheese at your crib. wasn't happy with my performance.
have you ever made a project decision that made you want to go back in time and kick your own ass?
$18 for a movie? Seriously New York? Smh O well
Just average!
Saw Beniof's keynote at Dreamforce. Compatible vision with Aruspex roadmap; integration of social networking and proactive talent mangement.
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
Haha I can respect that. You're a Sabres/Bruins fan right?
Every man has the right to risk his own life in order to save it. ~Jean~Jacques Rousseau
Every entrepreneur should keep a daily business journal - very powerful things happen
It's not HER past but her dad's. It's heartbreaking because millions are carrying that same guilt when they've done nothing wrong.
Do you know how cute you are?? ;)<3
REI should organize a Zombie survival sale - or a 12/21/2012 pre-apocalypse special.
lolz, this is your face.....now watch me punch it.
Its live as fuck up in here
when are we doing lunch? ?
I'd kick you in the vagina, but im afraid I might lose my shoe "/
Palate design, execution, ambiance and service one of the best in the city. Worth every penny and return visits!
Now the #Jets have two shitty quarterbacks.
thank you
"I love the iconic boys" no clearly you don't if you can't even spell their name correctly
its hard to believe the 8th grade dance was a year ago and im almost a sophomore..
Time to see what been up to
i found the 6th episode! I can't find the 7th yet:( did you finish up to five?!
Si! Those were turbines and a shit ton of them. Saw the bodies go by a couple of months ago...
1D i mentioned them to you remember ? :)
Session II of SAT Prep starts this Friday! Mention this tweet and get a special discount when you register for class :)
LMAOOOOO! Damn maya ... dont go to school like that please!
Only 2% of the people on Earth, have Green colored eyes.. this is unacceptable!!
Congrats!! That's awesome. :)
Why does my back hurt so freaking much? GAH.
otay well i need to find a new topic though :/ lol
undergraduate research symposium listening to Liz Scheib report on the dramaturgy of Dutch sex workers
u getting sick with ps
Turn that frown upside down...we're going camping!
check your email bro. ^.^
on twitter, ill keep growing with this which i should just like facebook
I will fight you.
satan who? what's with this illuminati nonsense? when did this become so trendy?
When My Leg Gets Better, Your Gonna Be My Workout Buddy!
I believe that we don't have to change friends if we can understand that friends change.
remember there is no dating black hole, or anything wrong with being single and dating
"It's not enough that a man has [clear] vision and sincerity, he must have the art of expression or he will remain obscure"-George H. Lewes
Truck broke down, and we were 11 miles to the Tennessee border.. This paper is never gunna get finished haha
McKinsey Quarterly - another highly valuable article on how to think about Social Media's affect on our organizations.
So do we!
Happy to have my computer back but no Internet, yet!! Personal hotspot or clear??? Hm....
yay! I can't wait ! I'm texting you once I'm done with work to meet up !
Me" Where are you from"? Her "Montgomery County" Me" Where's that compared to here" Her "Montgomery County" Me "um okay"
mornin to all my lovely followers who screamin
#AGoodRelationship Is based on Trust
It's like voting for zits over warts
Well, I liked most of what he said. But now I need it to become action.
Can't find a bottle opener. Neighbor has one built into his Jeep. BRB...
you're in for a treat, it was outstanding!
Follow your High!! Stay
Tomorrow Never Knows - psychodelic rock experimentation by George Martin and the lads.
im crying because i cant. I live so far away. :((((
tonight's the night! Crashing Cars Online EP Release!
It hasn't been. It's really the only issue where I'm completely unwilling to listen to the other side's viewpoint.
Undefeated 4 years champss, let's go hawks ;)
Working on a new client Mobile App that connects to the user's e-commerce shopping account for an online gift store...in time for Black Fri!
I still love you! And you've beat me tons of times!
Thanks to all making abuzz with Christmas busy-ness!
I love Anthropology.
How to Avoid Facebook Group Disasters With Facebook reaching the 900 million mark, there should be no surprise that it is a terrific tool
Transition: I move forward through change. While change is inevitable, my response or reaction to change is up to me.
pure bathing culture vinyl is going to seduce the crap out of the ladies
It says"We Stand With The TAXPAYERS It's Time to Cut Spending and Balance the Budget"... Sorry for the late reply.
Like.. on some real shit. Remember.. 'The World Begins With You'.
RT if u like Nicki Minaj & wanna see her in Miami this weekend
Hurting, but on the up and up! Haven't attempted solids today! That figurine is the best centerpiece I have ever had!
How sweet!
Excited to kick off the Women in Media Mentoring Initiative event. Welcome to 33Across ladies!
yay for the wakeup text! Have a great Friday!
I've been bored, actually. I'm so ready for this year to be over. :( How about you? What's new for you? ^-^
Congratulations to our PawPrint Editor, ! Amy won 1st Place Entertainment Story at the Ind. Collegiate Press Association Conf.
First day of classes at my new job. Sending well wishes to all who are beginning their fall semester!
I do not believe the next areas have been announced, but will be soon. City will directly notify your household.
yet?....chile please
Driving in the dark pitch black >> :)
lost the Kentucky Derby.
Shout out to my fabulous Brothers of Omega Psi Phi. Happy 100th year Anniversary....O-Op!!!!!!
My baby not feeling to good today
I should do that. But my work is ... home. ;)
In need of weight loss advice, skin treatments, or breast augmentation, call Lexington Plastic Surgeons for a Free consultation 212-223-0716
Nobody roots for Goliath. ~ Wilt Chamberlain
Oh, Princeton. You and your horse-drawn carriage rides around town for the holidays. This whole thing smacks of ... well ... Princeton.
#ThingsIwantTheMost GOOD WOMAN...
Euro-zone #GDP growth stays flat on quarterly and yearly basis.
Curious....where did you find said VA?
Can Wigginton just hit away
Please contact The Battle of Florida. We would like to honor US ARMY personel and invite them to our Inaugural Game Jan 21st@ FAU.
Schwartz: "let our voices speak. Do not be silent."
Bout to write a hit with and
"It will become illegal for NY cos who refuse to hire individuals bc they've been unemployed too long" Christine Quinn NYC Council Speaker
Cell phone, I dont know why you keep capitalizing VODKA, But I like the way you party....
I'll have you know, I am quite popular in certain, small, sad circles.
Doesn't matter where SB ends up. World ends in 2012!! Bring it.
Scouting for Food collection today! Make sure to put get those cans out before the scouts come by!
the creative genius behind
RT : RT : Lawyer: C represents a number, right? Expert: C _is_ a hexadecimal number. Jury: confused looks
Absolutely everything happens for a reason... Cause and Effect.
hey yo wtf? I get no tag? Def feeling no less than sign 3
Is it all you can drink?
why the fuck does turkey take two freaking days to defrost lol
haha that's great
2 days of 2 hour Irene Dowd spirals workshops?! My abdominals are connected and some kind of happy! :)
Paw Naturals is hiring Part Time workers! Please message us if you are interested in a position.
Could you imagine sharding yourself in an airport? #whatwouldyoudo #randomthoughtoftheday #
Happiness is ______________.
Watching Moonshiners with Viggle Wed | 7PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Didn't tear my acl that's good but now MRI to find out what is wrong
"Tell me the one thing you love more than anything else, and I will tell you the name of your god." ~ Elisha Hale
FASHIONABLY LOUD!!! Prodigy did one but the favorite is Lit during Spring Break when the dude grinds on Carmen Electra.
Uh huh, you know what it is.
im glad no one i know hasn't started that lol
Agree. Apple would not stoop to these measures.
HOORAY for FIRST DAY :)
I only fear What I don't know
He might be but I will be tired
auburn put a javascript in that puts the bib record number in the prepend
Spin class instructor quote" Everyone take their heart rate, Hey HOW OLD are you? Seriously?...Come on Man....
Even the grass gets drunk
Testimony ends on #coasset bill in House Finance Committee.
Stfu, you don't even call me. RT : Story of my life. ": #TeamICalledMakaylaBigHeadAssAndSheAintAnswer smh."
Mr. President I have never been so touched and grateful! You have made history today and I thank you sir. You moved me greatly.
We are looking for a drummer. If you live around the seacoast area and want to set up an audition send us a message!
WWOR! Is that still around? And what show?
Courts taking dim view of #WalkerFailure-GOP agenda to take rights away from voters & workers these days ...
I like Alonso but this is a lot larger than him. School construction is abt reversing years of neglect of city kids.
yup, only 4 seasons, but like 80 some episodes. Everyone has loved it.
Embrace that.
it shall be done!
You're My Better Half On Repeaatt ! <3
can someone PLEASE tell me why chicks be posin butt naked on facebook for no compensation..smh.
LEO THE LION ENTERTAINMENT LLC
Check out this article wrote about us!
off 2 bodybuilding!!! And looking at new apartment later on today!!!
Was going to go to sleep but I'll just eat these peaches and watch the end of this no hitter first
@ MY TWITTER NAME SO I KNOW ITS REAL BOW!!!!
haha! Count me in man!
One of my "kids" wrote me, said I was spamming. Truth is, I have been involved in a web venture, also. Send a lot of tweets about it.
So yeah I'm on a hunt for book binding materials cuz I just bought a binding press . Yeah !
scouted him many times. Closer. Good pressure on QB. Ran a 4-3, had hand in dirt. Gets low to ground.
SIN SPECIALS! 1/2 OFF TAP BEERS & $3 ROOT BEER BOMBS!
What a bad baseball game, Marlins vs. Nationals, as a Former Montrealer I can't root for either! UGH!
We Are the World above Blonde on Blonde? Come on now..
all the whispering, feels like you're hiding in an attic in the netherlands.
That awkward moment when you try to pass sombody the blunt but they not look'n so you hit again & they turn they head so as you hit it
I am such a loser I only have 66 followers can somebody help me!!
The European Central Bank has said it will buy eurozone bond, following emergency talks on the debt crisis.
: hi hon just had to walk out mother & sister on the warpath. Their screaming at me is too much
JUST BOUGHT ME AN ALL BLACK PAIR OF KSWISS!!!! I HAD TO!!!!
ur sexy just the way u are babe
omg you still remember that? Hahahhha art class used to be the best and mostly because i used to do my work plus yours -_-
STILL CRYING OVER ED AND TAYLOR
10TV today - The president, Arnold...behind the scenes at the Columbus Zoo...and some karate-chopping grandmas...check it out this morning!
So cool I want to do it all again....
Headed to Toronto. But first--really looking forward to a quick trip to Niagara Falls before digging into work stuff tomorrow.
just like #hittingiscontagious, apparently #suckingiscontagious as well.
I don't know why people don't get that messing around with fracking is so dangerous, toxic fallout aside.
I don't understand why KU fans seem not to appreciate Bill Self. He's fantastic!
Free concert-ALAN JACKSON,, ERIC PASLAY set for Sept 21st !! 4th annual Capitol Street Party on Demonbreun!!!!
Marry me and I'll never look at another horse! - Groucho Marx
say what?
I like to think of this as "jewelry for your home"
Urban Dictionary-it! I know you're being facetious!
I hate car places. getting oil changes, tires rotated, or anything. seriously, it gives me major anxiety. #brittnyproblems :|
waazzzza Carlitos :D hope your having an amazing day (:
Just reported a police trap on US Hwy 41. My mood: sleepy, using Waze - Drive Social
good food for thought and memories for marks ;-)
An eyeglass prescription is for eyeglasses only. It doesn't contain information that is crucial to a contact lens prescription. Happy Friday
Late night Greek food, while I burn the midnight oil, its gonna be a long night, but the paper isn't gonna write itself.
Dear America: I would love a month when I don't have to curse a fellow countryman out for being a racist fucktard. K? Thx. --an aging ABC
he's more of a shooter in the game. He should be a better rebounder and post player.
If they did not learn and then perform, then it was not training. That doesn't necessarily make it good or bad... it just wasn't training.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
For the best selection of Design Options holiday sweaters, please visit www.rosegardenboutique.com or www.designoptionssweaters.com
#shoutout to for coming with me to get my phone
I'm not finding it in google.. It's called just nine? Do you know the address?
Going to school(:
I'm going to sit here and listen to Courtney Love until face times me but I'm probably going to pass out so please don't hate me
my stomach is totally eating itself right now....
Guy to other guy, "Tuck your sack back and get a pinterest." Quote of the evening, folks.
Live streaming from the "Ram Roast" tonight at State. Little nervous they'll discover I'm there as an undercover Tar Heel!...
I get all nervous & filled with butterflies when I see in real life. he's like a celebrity & he knows my name!!
Start trending #showJesusliketebowandjgrace :)))
of course. Thats out bread n butter
That awkward moment when the flight attendants tell a passenger they will be met at the gate by authorities if they don't comply.
The sacrifices we make for our families....
RT if you want more followers? #megansupdates on youtube has good videos ! xx lol xx
Aw thanks Woody!
W.O.W. is for WOMEN all new Ladies Promtions FREE ALL Night on Wednesdays
Can France keep Carla Bruni-Sarkozy as its first lady?
DJs AT TONIGHT: Peroxide of , , , Jay Hedblade, of & more: 12" ITCH!
white guys in air max... weaks my knees
We're having 45 mph wind gusts? I knew it was windy, but that's almost half a hurricane!
why would Rod Smith mess around with the State Senate when he can easily run for AG or Governor. Makes no sense.
RT : Hey grads, we'd love to see you show off that commencement gown. We're proud of you! Tweet us your pics!
Goodnight friends!
I just emailed everybody with a reminder. Wouldn't want anyone to miss the race!
Can't it be both?
happy birthday
Super Seminar in Albuquerque Van! Thank you!
Wishing everyone one a blessed day. Stay positive n smile till u feel it :)
It's telling me I've got storage issues, and it's beyond slow. So fun...
there is no shame in going to bed at 9.
Thanks Miranda, I hope you and yours have a great weekend!!! ")
LMMFAO you dumb as hell that's why you my nigga
I really want to see this. Looks interesting.
u guys can come now
I have a hot date tomorrow! I'm so excited! He's such a gentleman and a sweetheart! #HAPPY!
I have a date with ibuprofen and the heating pad. Do I know how to have fun or what?!
come & see me on a day when Catherine's working from home and you can get two meetings for one!
Joshua Redman was born today in 1969. He won the Thelonious Monk International Jazz Sax Competition in 1991.
I'm a book junky, page turning fein. Still reading Zora & thinking of my next read. Next up: Zen and the Art of Running.
reminds me of chick corea.
Bella Desai says Sci Cafe gives people a way to have a fun learning experience while connecting with collections and scientists.
I'm one of those people who feel like they did heroin every day before school..
I love spirited away, but I've been geekin' out and watching like naruto and stuff.
Kamps has 10 strikeouts through five innings. 1-0 Belmont leads batting in the top of the sixth.
Your Government.
which parties people are going to. Until we stop treating politics like high school things aren't going to change. [2/2]
It's like Twilight, but with lots more sex, and spankings, too. Excellent brain candy.
No plans yet--but working on it RT : will you be coming to NYC soon.
Oh wait... I have forty more tweets until 16k LOL FAIL.
So I did then the drive thru lady ask if we wanted to try the new frozen lemonade my brother yells at her and says NOO -_- rude!.
Thank you! And happy wishes to you to!
Check in "computed" or "layout" in your document inspector.
If this album doesn't blow people's hair back, I don't know what will.
Shows you how much I know. Pacific was phenomenal last year
is yelling at the computer while playing Webkinz games.
I am not a loser!
Wow, almost 700 fans. Thank you all!!!!!
Got my nose pierced (:
remember those epic battles between grizzled George Mikan/ young Tim Duncan? Man Duncan's aged well
Are you interested to know about the new home developments in the Las Vegas area? Call 702-245-7227
wow, that looks relaxing
60,000+ people at SOUTH BEACH, MIAMI GAY PRIDE!!! Holy Sh*t!!! ;)
i have no friends
I am the Mambo GodFather.
is your bestie working at City Barbecue? Cuz I kinda think she might have taken my order there today.
Hear hear! RT : Thanks for your cheerful, competent, and friendly presence at
RT : BridgePort Village location special: the famous "Korean Reuben Sandwich" come see why it's the best-selling special yet!
Ok I'm up
Fitting! Our 100th follower of Asterix Group is our old friend ! Thank you ALL for the follows
there was this guy stalking girls at the middle school next 2 us
Nobody gonna break my stride...
lol she gone beat u
some people on facebook I would love to punch
"Good girls try to play bad girl games and bad girls try to be what they just aint...Thats when the problems start..."
Did the people on the Five just make fun of the anchor the was bitten by the dog. SHAME!
"Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable."-George Bernard Shaw
easy run this afternoon with followed by clean and jerks, hand stand push ups, double unders and ball slams at crossfit. OOF
Found my Aaron Carter cd :)
Congrats, happy birthday!! Looking forward to seeing what is in store from you guys in year 6.
we here its so boring
dude they're incredible
#cara student Edmond B. secured a position as a cook! 62 of 310!!!
Im thankful for the people in my past, Im doing great without them now.
How is it off-topic? They've been discussing both search and social this whole time and how it impacts people.
Trying to wrap my head around Friday ...
He who laughs last didnt get it.
did you find this using SeeSaw :)
Public Service Announcement: The new gmail is vaguely tolerable with the "high contrast" theme.
DF Indie Studos..i like what you're doing
. okay fine. it is quite delicious!
LOL yes we will!!! And it will be low at first site! Hahahahahahaa
I am close to doing the same. Need to finish a few books first. Used copies are probably cheap right?
Jack Kevorkian for White House Physician.
I should go running.... But I wont.
I'm trying to figure out what Auto-Tune the News will do without Katie Boo
Cocktail bars always have the same smell..olives, lemon and ice.
Been on the hustle! Promoting events is so fun, especially when #music is involved. Love being a #DJ & a promoter!
From jonathan swift - those that own your bonds own your soul - #Hannan to #LPR2011 Who owns your debt?
yesterday hurt?
There is no way #AngelPagan can be benched. #CarlosBeltran should play some right and left. Play the hot hand in the corner outfield spots.
Well we just posted a hilarious video on our FB page.
People that box you in on the road when you're just trying to get home....
MAC PRO-TIP: just discovered that when you have two windows open, you can instantly toggle between them by hitting [COMMAND and ~] at once
So done doing shit for u if ur gonna cry like a little bitch ugh u poss me off sometimes act like a man not a kid fucktard!!!
Please note this weekend's Meet & Greet will be at the Domain from 10 - 12 Saturday. Come visit with our Wees! Over 20 dogs for adoption.
Will do--thanks!
I'll give you an invitation..to a back arching, toe curling
I was all like, 'yeah, I'm going to write a super awesome letter for my Mom for this Sunday' ...Now i'm sat here with writers block.
There. Is. Nothing. Special. About. #50ShadesAwful. It is not "rescuing relationships" all across the U.S. PORN is rescuing relationships.
Today is the last day for the BMW contest. Make sure your friends tweet us that they're following us because of you.
I need some sleep
I wanna go outside and play
marketers should avoide these stereotypes: nerdy Asian guy, Fresh off the boat, unable to attract women, butt of joke
RT : GARTH BROOKS is headlining a #NashvilleFlood relief concert on Dec 17. We haven't forgotten. #WeAreNashville!!!
happy wonderful birthday fo your HUGE 21st to the very kind and thoughtful 1(you- Alex !!!)- have (i hope you are ....
good! Where have you been today though, texted you a few times and now molldoll is group texting us.
I'll take that as a no...
Happy New Year to all our followers! We're hoping for another excellent year here at Indiana Beef and wishing you and yours the best!
Online cataloog of all Nunn Center's 8,032 interviews coming soon...stay tuned, this is really cool.
the Lord had to scale back the Jews from the higher law to Mosaic law after THEY had just gotten out of slavery also.
Feelin nostalgic...actually listening to some DMB from 99.
Researched knick knacks today. How cute is a bell that looks like a lady and whose name is Belle? (maybe I made up that last part.)
at least it was only a burrito.
no problem :)
According to , the Travolta affidavit is more creepy and erotic than "50 Shades of Grey"
Police have blocked off 1st St NW & requiring people stay inside. K-9 units here too. These always happen during lunch :(
Sad. RT : Warren Buffet has been diagnosed with Stage I prostate cancer via
Time for Chick-fil-A Leadercast at First Baptist Event Center in Wylie
So far in 2012 Nsansa has impacted over 100 #business, #nonprofit & #socent leaders via our courses, coaching & advice. Help us scale...
Is done!!! With everything and everyone! Nobody is worth thinking about 24/7 and being treated like pure SHIT
You know what sucks? Being given about 8hrs to make 3 really huge life decisions.......I don't know what to do, I'm freaking out!!
Key Bank sponsor guy seems nervous. Had a good intro joke though.
Planned my weekend out for the ! Looking forward to seeing , , and !
Good Morning! (and a good afternoon to our friends on the other shore!)
ok i feel you but what about kayne west you don't think he got missy faded?
hope you find a place good for Spart. Will Spart have his own room?
I'm anxious to relive my time in Madrid. First two pages already brought back lots of memories.
Warblers are in the park. Grab your birding binoculars and let us know what you see!
ok brb gotta go eat
Pretty girls shouldn't waste time on careless guys
Watching la la and want to give charlamagne (don't know how to spell his name) a big shout out cause he is so real
I say, that on the last day of school, we all burst into dance when the last bell rings & sing What Time is It from HSM 2.
War against math and cos and sin are winning
Courtesy the shy(?) : Guns "n" Rosacea
LIFE IS LIKE RIDING A BICYCLE. To keep your balance you must keep movi
I agree no dew for me.
My blood is boiling! This friend- a tea party member- just sent email about Harvey Milk being a pedo. About to end a 33 yr friendship.
#TeamHawks Baby. Run'em out the gym......
feels kinda old tonight
That awkward moment where your girlfriends mom is cursing in a different language and they dont realize you know what their saying.
congrats to AA for pioneering the 'making us pay to check bags rule!' Hello Chapter 11! Worst airline ever..
Thegympro.com wishes everyone a happy first day of fall! Hometown St Louis made the top 14 places in the WORLD to visit during fall
we have a few ideas, but first focusing on building a following. if ur down to meet up email me at vikash at hashtagd dot com
I said hi Chris and he was like hey how are you so I said good you? Omg it's nothing but STILL
i hope you just fell asleep instead of not texting back...
and thats how the J.E.T.S season ends
Congrats to the Class of 2011! Special thanks to Ethel, Harrison, Shaniqua & for their time on SAC & service to #Georgetown!
Former Michigan QB Tate Forcier signs with Hamilton of the Canadian Football League.
Secretly he is rather fond of you as well
"You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I have. Pretty fascinating stuff, as is most of the content at the Spatial History Project.
You first want to create each of your courses, then depending on the #teacher you can upload as much content as needed
I'll be at all day for the American Indian Celebration. Dancing, drumming, crafts, food & exhibits. Free! 10:30-4:30
Holy Joe Johnson. Somebody musta pissed him off. Dude is MAD
will vote for because she seems to have the most honest fanbase in this z100 contest.
In case anyone wondered, there were 79 different Twitter clients/posting methods among the 7,424 #CILDC Tweets.
I'll have to check her out!
TITANS GYM in Cleveland will not be validating parking May 3rd.
Haha. It should pick up by the time you're done. But there's nothing we can do. Just gotta stay positive. What you studying now?
Our next event is the golf tournament in June. After that, we have a big area-wide cookout in August.
Good morning Twitter big dream in the house what it do I want everyone to eat follow me
haha i'm widdit! we definitely need to get a good lunch in.
haha about what?
are you sure... Never?
hey sweets!
And then Thomas looks off mine(; it's kinda like a train(: choo choo
Shit god damn them niggas sorry
It would of been worth it a couple years ago. C'mon people, why you want to test someone you don't even know. Are you confident? Not today.
u should follow me cuz I say cool stuff... Sometimes... Well not really. Sorry for bothering you. :(
Peyton Manning spotted in Denver meeting w/Bronco's front office. 1st tour stop of NFL suitors
I can't complain about Iowa (I KNOW, right?!?) ... we're expecting 60s for spring break next week. REAL spring!!! :)
At the end of the day, it's hard to get around the fact that Facebook basically made every other social service completely irrelevant
When doing YouTube videos, think about the image that you want to present to the world. Bad video can present a poor image.
Is thee bestt. Go follow her. Cause shess cool. Not me. So.. Follow it upp!
Scott Jurek tells Cookie Monster he can't eat cookies all the time if he runs an ultra marathon. "Dream... shortlived," Cookie says.
LAdies love me is my new summer song ;')
If I can't read your tweets while I smoke, what am I supposed to do... think about cancer?
#IfTwitterWereHighSchool stalkers would be allowed
ooh! crowdsourcing! Put me down as voting for "Darth Vader Disney Princess."
Gotta say, driving in Dallas is not a pleasant experience.
Met Bill Willingham and told him he was one of my favorite writers. He asked what other writers I liked. Smirked when I said Warren Ellis.
I'm crying now.
My favorite spot in Columbia Heights.
I just added "Newhouse" to my email dictionary. At the same time, I added "YouTube" and "LinkedIn"
Spring Break has officially begun!!!
Holy jesus #BlackHawks!!!!, stop by for a drink or 2 or 3 after this crazy game!
. says that banning is not the right action. Other precautions must be taken.
AWESOME & LOVE IT!
What's wrong with his head? Looks more like a balloon than a dog...
Pretty good, thanks! I can't really complain. Now I want to marathon Girls (again) tbh
the same people? literally? how do you know?
does ever get tweet limit? hm
Looking for a new place to call home??? Call us today 858.279.7410
Take it to the hoop , strong , PLEASE. Go Celts !!!
"We're in a good place..." Boozer don't make come back to Chicago early just to ask you what the hell you're talking about. You're down 3-1!
o RT : no one cared young one. it was a joke. you must calm your ass all the way down.
I'm fairly sure a pizza w/burger crowns is one more reason for the Middle East to hate us.
MKE's United Performing Arts Fund is the largest single funder to each of its 15 Member Groups. Thanks for supporting the arts!
No...wait. Wait and see what happens, don't jump back in. Take things slow, sure, and easy. No rebound
Everyone go and follow !!!! She's one of my best friends and I love her SO much! P.S she loves ! ;D
revo san Diego's artists include Kelli Murray, Sam Larson, Emily Criscuolo and more!
A thorny issue. What do you think?
Sunburn under the knees may be one of the worst places to have it. Cannot cross my legs or wear pants. Ouch!
#relationships Take a moment and share a kind thought with your partner . . .
So long day ahead of me! Missing the family a lot today. When I do I go harder at my goals so I can get them close to me again. Let's get it
You guys could do the same...
When you stop insisting, people stop resisting. ~ Michael Oliver
what about $AAPL?
So nice to meet you :)
"I was nearly sent to the hospital because I could not convince the school nurse that my head had always been this shape." best text ever.
RT "Never leave home without your internal compass."
RT Forreal tho, I miss you So so much.
Happy birthday Dad <3
Stuffed my face at Babe's. Now at Mavs game. Birthdays don't come much better than this.
Classic: RT : Vader, you must confront Vader, then, only then, a jedi will you be...and confront him you will.
you should learn how to lean like those cholos
Check out - a design co. that donates their profits to organizations to help fund preservation/restoration projects in LA.
Thanks, Jen :-) really nice here today, I hope it is for you, too :-)
sorry girls but taking a picture of your crotch and legs kinda makes you look slutty
Working through the VHS list and making weeding decisions.
Addicting show! Love that this episode is being filmed in Boston.
I talked to my parents &they said I can donate some of my money to help the ! It Feels good.
#Blackparentsquotes you better be in the house before those street lights come off!
finally made it to the meat market district
Went to the eye doctor and got a new prescription of contacts. Now looks even more beautiful than before.
Man,, I don't downgrade.. I'm not stupid, maybe I'm too smart.. So enjoy it.. "chekk"
The Google search page today features Robert Doisneau, a fantastic people and street Photographer. He used a Leica, and used it well.
singing I need you tonight by BSB doesn't fix your problems how ever it fixes your soul!!!
maine I been in yo city with fam and friends
thanks for the nice plug Kelly!
OMG MINDLESS BEHAVIOR ADDED A IN STORE SIGNING ON NOVEMBER 19th!!!!!
More Fitness Crosswords: What is a 6-letter word people use to determine if they need to diet or exercise more?
Met with cherylamack and Konvict artist Ray Lavender yesterday, very positive meeting, looking forward to working with him on Jack Squad 2.
Been saying it all year: the grass is the Saints kryptonite.
WHAT UP FAM? HIT ME UP!
Watching the cubs/cards game on the jumbotron at miller park...Go cubs go!
"I'm gonna throw up in your purse"
Overheard from "I'm trying to get circumcision banned in the US"
Thoughts and prayers with the Uecker family.
You're welcome! I had the Monday blues but feel much better now. I think I need a few weeks off. Not just 2 days. ;)
hey babygirl happy mothers day how is your day going
Tomorrow, perhaps?
FRIGGIN SNOW IN WASHINGTON STATE?!
RT : Tomorrow (8/5) ONLY - Jack's Pizza Spectacular Midway rides ONLY $1! What a deal! (Select rides may be excluded)
Thanks! I hope it makes things easier for everyone!
That could've been so much worse. Hope everything turns out ok...
apparently.... i leave a hell of an impression!!!!
I may look OK, but i am not. I might say i don't care, but i really do. I might say i don't love you, but that's not true <3
I miss you too, sugar ;)
RT : Only in DC can u mention ur a software devloper in a bar & get pitched 1000 ideas. Developers r harder 2 find than $
last night's deli show was awesome thanks to bands n folks who could make it: rawking,psycho drama,crazy homeless people,laughs,& madness :)
a line that makes a circle? Lol jk
Happy Saturday everyone! Another erfect day for Piunkberry!! Stop by one of our three locations and see us!
I love watching little kids race MX because their helmets are big on them and they look like bobble heads... xD
What r u going to accomplish today? I make it a point to set goals every day, it's a must if u want to be successfull in whatever u do...
easy couch, down boy...
Keep up the awesome sound. You got it going on!
i could not be more ready! 18 more days until this begins.
Actually it's
enjoyed talking all things New Mexico and activism via social media w/you today! Really enjoyed having you on
I know
Unreal catch! Would have been at least a double...probably a triple if he doesn't catch it.
Thank you :) RT : Wow. Had no idea you were such a hottie! :)
SHE A MOTHERFUCKIN CRYBABY AND A PETTY ASS PISS IN DA BED ASS LAZY DIRTY NASTY BOYISH ASS HOE AND SHE CAN GO SUCK A DICK!!!!!!!!!!!!
putting on make up & watching Whitneys funeral is a #badidea. Beautiful moment.
The pacers aite
Actually, GoodReader syncing with Dropbox syncing with Mendeley is my current sweet spot.
Anything for my #Lebanese "cousin" :) Have a great weekend!!!!
"Sony would know best" bwahahahaha
Srsly. A one-way ticket to Oz ...
I had one of the best times last last night at the Maze concert. The wind was blowing, I was dancing, and the sound was quintessential Maze.
Stand-By Alert !! Animated Shorts -- Friday
Thanks for the RT, Ellis!
Anyone know where I can find an affordable but stylish rolling rack for my bedroom? I ran out of closet space 3 shopping sprees ago.
Can't sleep. Watching Jerry Springer show. I forgot how effed these people are. #jerryspringer #white trash
Strive for perfection settle for excellence.
Can't wait until my nap this afternoon
Commodore Matthew Perry or Chandler?
what's in store for sun-cap, rising-Pisces, moon-libra?? So many emotions and changes right now!
Looking for plans in #Milwaukee tomorrow night? Check out at !
RT Study finds eating fast food will not only make you likely to put on weight but may give you the blues as well...
Thanks for sharing today's blog entry!
Wow! RT : Annika from Rho Chapter at raised over $20,000 for the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center!
Come to the hall 1st RT : I wish I could - but I have the Broadway at Birdland concert!
RT RT series on Post-Socialist Punk in Eastern Europe from iTunesU in the Social Sciences section!
been on a facebook hiatus, but i'll be there. it was the 7th at charlie brown's right? excellent choice
If Jensen elevates a fastball in the zone, goodnight braun
BIG NIGHT TONIGHT
#3WordsForYou GO TO HELL!
. I find kino very confusing without the standard storyboard layout, but it seems to support everything I need, unlike pitivi.. nice.
Thanks so much, Pati! Have a lovely weekend!
With all the politics... Who is your favorite presidential candidate of all time, who never won?
Got to see and touch the biebster himself and the classy UK boys !!! Fun day in LA, time for Roscoes!
#TasteofHillcrest is happening until 4pm today!
Welp, just got done working a day that started at 9 am on Thursday. I'll be back in the audit war zone in less than 4 hrs. Good grief.
Good answer, my beautiful court reporting student niece! (I'm watching you.) Moderation!!! Good girl!
GodsGirl8494 no need to be hatin on the amazing cuz you know she is damn right... Sorry love, funs over.
Brain damage,the plugs went too deep....
I JUST USED THE EXACT SAME LINE TO JUSTIFY THE PRICE TO MYSELF! HAHA You're awesome!
I woke up feeling like shit.
coffee. food... need!
what a fuckboy.
Joker said that he wants to throw it 45 times/game. UK has attempted at least 45 passes/game just 3 times in school history ('97, '98, '00).
community night starts n 35 min!! Better get here fast!
oh lol I meant what brand was it :)
I feel useless and alone. Momma u have to pull through. Ur a fighter. I love you.
ha aw, i aint trippin bro. Ha just give me a heads up before u release it.
BABYDADDY PROBLEMS IS A NO PROBLEM....
Let's go nuggets!
Can I just say, the Thriftway on Vashon is quite impressive. Found products there I've never found anywhere in Seattle.
thank you! That is so sweet!
dat was mean
Thanks for coming to our #CCYD mixer!
I feel like my head has its own pulse..
Lady, we need you!
Why does it have to be him? What did I do wrong? What can I do to fix it?
Um 19 is closed at Pennsylvania today? This ought to be an interesting detour to work.
Interested in social media for business? Consultants are key. Generate buzz with Allerrant Consulting. www.marketstarglobal.com
pops dont do shit else lol he can atleast answer the phone!
anyone else going to 3B and the pitcher throws that to 1B. Barajas is that slow.
Another problem is brands. Nobody cares about record label or chain store. But isn't credential from known college still valuable?
Love this idea! MT nonprofits can collaborate by pushing each others' content via social media
...wishing I was on the beach not now, but RIGHT NOW! *daydreaming till I pass out* :)
Good Night Twitter Gotta Work @ 5 O'Clock In The Morning
RT Don't forget Comedy FIGHT! This Sunday, 11/15, 9 PM at the Hi-Tone. 10+ awesome comics for only $8!
So long Bandai. It was fun while it lasted.
JDOTT dance is in 102 until 1 a.m. Come join the fun!
Considering using Exhibit for my next digital liberal arts course. Can students grok and produce RDF more easily than SQL?
met this morning with and going right now to play with their web site. You can build your own bike lanes!
&&& the sample you sent me sucked as !!!! i should post that shit so EVERYBODY can see wtf im talking bout . . . .
If you like fun you will want to make sure you are signed up for by Friday. Seattle is about to get muy bueno!
I'm having the "my goldfish died" moment and it sucks. Ah I don't even think I wanna go to 9fest anymore -_-
considering a side career in writing reviews for online purchases...which really means more online shopping for me!
"A designer is an emerging synthesis of artist, inventor, mechanic, objective economist and evolutionary strategist." ~R. Buckminster Fuller
I just left there. I saw a different movie though.
Lately when I go out I have more fighting/ drama stories rather than hoochie stories now.
im not ashamed that i cried through half of that movie.
What did you think of the new Madonna song???
Attended last nights Fountain Hills Unified School Dist budget Mtg. Big reduction in funds = challenges, but great confidence in leadership.
congratulations to for his 2011 Sheila Motton Book Award!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow theres nicer ways of doing things.
when people say they're going to the gym I just think assume they're going for a Pokemon battle
hell yeah ! We need to finish it!(:
Give us a listen BELOW See our page & friend request us at REVERBNATION www.reverbnation.com/furiosity
Home from Temecula...Pala Casino show... Fun?
(I'll be looming forward to tomorrow night ;)
Accidentally ordered a venti coffee
Just in case you don't inspired me to do a company name change more than a year ago :)
Thanks for sharing your post on Diane Di Prima.
U.S. housing starts rose more than expected in April. Promising sign.
Just so we're all clear, I wouldn't take a bullet for any of you.
Help rally the community to drop off an Easter Basket 4 Please RT for ill & disadvantaged children thru/out the Vegas Valley.
So you want to work in IT. Do you like to work on weekends.
k you know him, so just ask him to do duet with him. Im pretty sure he wont care
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 21
4-3, this game is close.
it sure is, what's Saturday? Lol
About to hop on some codmwf3 and try to play with my dude
we goin to the big SB this to
Ain't that the truth. XD
we're not quite ready to announce location for Wed. series but stay tuned. We'll keep you updated as soon as we're all set!
that would be so fun!
Waiting at the dentist's office to get my teeth cleaned!! So freakin hungry!!
Been busy working...
Matt Kemp is the NL player of the week.
Oh the Oscars happened? Sorry I was busy doing things I care about.
Awesome seeing my work on the w/ Ford Sync live on the big screen at
Thank you! :) I'm a rabid "MADE IN USA" supporter.
Just updated my site with guest blogger Shakespere talking about the latest e-mail scam. kubrickspick.org.
Tip of the Day: If you brush but don't floss you're only cleaning part of your mouth. Flossing removes plaque between teeth.
likewise, when you get a chance txt me your license plate number...
In the middle of it all the craziness, took sometime tonight to start up a cover song, I don't do covers very often, we'll see....
i swear i saw screech from "saved by the bell" noddin his head to my #allstar track last night lol
a Very close second! Do you watch 30 Rock?
RT : #marchsadness RT : There are so many people at this game I could almost field a co-rec softball team. #pac12 (Gold!)
I hate trying to fit a story into 160 characters.
what hapoend?:o
The #Buffalo Brewfest is coming up on Friday! Dundee will be there w. dozens of other craft brewers. Are you going?
i hope your having a great day:)
Boy, you're gonna be president/But just like everyting else, those old crazy dreams/Just kinda came and went--JOHN MELLENCAMP
That's terrific! Glad you had a great time.
Just did a fashion show at the westin with YALSA :)
Examine yourselves to see whether you are in the faith; test yourselves. -2 Corinthians 13:5 seems easy to get consumed elsewhere each day
GM folk
see you at the VFW!
we're setting in a new garden on a vacant lot. Lots of rubble and broken up foundation mixed in with the dirt
that bitch outta dere
Stop bitching on facebook.
Agreed! Thanks for the tips :) Always good insight from you during these #wedding chats :)
Haha. I love Gene! "Nice vest... You look like Aladin"
Scott Kain: Congrats on your newest team members, looking forward to working with them. Talk with you guys on the call Tuesday night
spread the world around school and I thank you for listening
I had to explain The Guardian and Al-Jazeera and their politics to my dad...it is so clear why he voted for Bush! Told me I was un-American.
So not ready to do math this early :/
So tell me I'm yours, tell me you're mine. Tell me I'm anything but fine. Tell me a story, tell the time. Tell me a lie. <3
Didn't snap pics of them, but I saw model trains being operated on tables in Great Hall! They were so cute!!!
Sununu = shrill gas bag
Reveling in the design prowess of an artist working in ClarisWorks.
I dont belong to anyone, no body belongs to me!
did you get the pic!?!?!
So that's what they meant about Sessions being a defensive liability. Blerg.
"How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You're Not Anywhere at All" ~ Firesign Theatre.
Opening sequence to MI: Ghost Protocol: you are awesome.
was amazing!!!! Much <3
first song I hear playing on when get outa school is Just Dance. Happy fucking friday!
Telling everything to Julia makes everything better:)
Good night
#Fringe is going back to the Alt Verse tonight and I for one am glad. I've missed it.
I have always wanted to live in a tree house.
I just won a free movie night from !
10 more days til my birthday.!!!!(((:
These last two days tho >>>>>>
then he needs to give Baltimore Soundstage a call. bcuz mad ppl are getting scammed out of bread already.
it was for 16 teams,
explorer seem to be blocked on this computer..
Enjoyed the live stream last night! It was fun watching u play Mass Effect 2 & Gears 3. Sorry I couldn't stay until the end.
Hey, dude at the , you don't have to read every description of every movie.
WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU!
GOT AN A ON MY PSYCH FINAL!!!
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Baked Potato 4.57 / 5 Stars | 158 Reviews by Faye "A step by step recipe for making a baked potato. Serve with y
i KNOW. they are WORTHLESS
he does incredible work lowering the bar for himself, eh? SO glad ESPN Chicago has better local programming during his slot instead.
A group is a bunch of people in an elevator. A team is also a bunch of people in an elevator, but the elevator is broken! -Bonnie Edelstein
RT : Learning lots at #HVSummit. Can't wait to get back to GA and share w/ our partners!
WOW! She looks horrible. -_-
or are you like a tiny buddha...covered in hair?
Gearing up for rehearsals this month still booking extras for scenes in Monongahela email
I finally won the 7yr. old over, she loves me!
yeah. It's boiling in croatia
Most people on reverbnation suck, Im one of the few that are good
Miller lite Vortex... my once a year friend..
New Song Ft. Gorilla Zoe & Scottie Coming Soon!!!!
Let me know what you think of last night's eps. Very, very, very good. And funny. And endearing. And good.
Guess who auditioned for 'The Other Half.'
A BIG CONGRATS TO THE DESTINY THAT WAS.... AND THE #MAVS !!!! AND A BIG MIDDLE FINGER TO
Thanks for the mentions!
:) you're too sweet.
YES I HAVE EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM BEEN VERY INSPIRATIONAL
Great event! Mind if we mention it in our #MKEDAY listings?
Are your customers unique? Can you identify the key characteristics of your customers?
I just knew this day would come. Eat it, Wyoming.
We're bring stuff in from 2 new estates - tons of new items. Lots of collectibles, Fostoria glass, copper items, ocassional pcs, dining rm.
Have plans tonight but want to get a class in? Join Zoe for her Yoga Flow class at 4:30pm at our South Miami Treehouse!
Is Your Traffic Mix Efficient? - ClickZ
John Birdsall will be on AM620 at 3:30pm to weigh in on the John Doe investigation involving 7 Milwaukee police officers....
Fat Chicks always talking about Losing Weight, but got a Desk Full of Snacks! Sure they Low Calorie, but you ate the WHOLE BOX
I think y'all women are crazy from the moment the sperm hits the egg & yall begin to grow
Writing my research paper about you . About how you're a big part of American History& your impact on others<33
Can you follow your army from spain? I LOVE YOU. <333
Last Fri #real #estate word unscramble georgian,2days WORD:aappirlsa HINT:value "Secret 2 happiness is lower ur expectations!" charle mungr
Fuckin horrible day im going to fucking bed.
i know but my daughter gets to be on the field for opening ceremonies gets introduced on the jumbo tron and what not
Passed pen and paper and have now completed Masters in Special Education with emphasis in severe disabilities as well a gifted education.
What's your call for the game tonight? I say #HEAT!
Well off to bed I go.. Good Night Yal
can we just try to love each other - through EVERYTHING?
R.I.P Robert, we miss you!
So looking forward to school ending :)
kayla burns like anyone knows u stop tweeting on my page or i will change my password
Workout complete for the day. Got my 5 miles in @ the park with my teammates. I'm motivated now and I love it!
it is for research journals, not research itself
They dress Slightly better as they get older, but only cause it's current & not '05, but even then still pretty bad.
RT My beautiful lady revised my paper for me:-)... I love my smarty pants girlfriend -- you welcome babe:)
- The only player I know of that played in the #B1G from my high school.
Not like anyone ever cares what I think anyway.
Ive chewed on that thing and it was flatter than day old beer!
How u gonna make tacos with no cheese
The intelligent option might be A) No vote, treaty is improved for growth, B) 2nd referendum later on in the year. Safer strategy?
I love you. Hour late to my appointment? No problem! Brought my own parts? Sure! Bathroom? Yes, it's clean. Thank you.
MSW booked Snowman vs Jake t Snake for Dome. Muhammad Ali 2nd Sman. Office said it would crush JYD's Dome records
good luck!
....the best reputation is to have none at all
Nothing Just Layying Downn wit myy Pillow Pet! (: *I Love Aaron*
Watching scary movie 2 love this movie!!! it never gets old.
Kobe definitely made up for his horrible game from yesterday
#Sarkozy defeated in #France. #CarlaBruni, no longer First Lady, singer OR model, to take logical next step: memoir & line of handbags.
Our hen egg , parmesan, wild oregano and olive oil pizza is the perfect way to kick off the weekend! Happy Hour is 10-11PM tonight!
horrible headache.
"The only people that tear happy people down are those that are unhappy." ~Haley James Scot
Marching SB toward the immigration march to meet up. No borders, no nations, stop deportation!
Happy Halloween to all of #Pittsburgh!
yeah.. back then i'd usually just say f it sometimes + do a full clone... it'd only take like 15 min
Happy to say, we brought the new year in as a family, we are strong
Oh and sorry for the long wait... :/
I'm going to kill the hold music. It is not helping right now.
You have to perform at a consistently higher level than others. That's the mark of a true professional.
thanks for the great care package. - good to be part of the team!
How's Wednesday going so far, folks?
There's never a right time to say goodbye
Want me to TELL YOU
"I ain't eatin' no raisin cookie," said by a moron in my office.
Setting up a Theme Factory Tour for next week... Helping clients realize their dreams... Making the "WOW" happen, all in a day's work!
Pmanning prediction: Titans
It's to early to wanna fight ain't it?? Lol
OST Perm is looking for a Disaster Recovery guru for a full time role in Charlotte, NC.
Sometimes I wish we lived in a musical theatre world... Uh oh
hopefully I can, the only way I'd go is if I can get VIPS lol :-)
"I Made It" is only of the most underrated ssongs
Do you even understand how difficult it is to sneak your phone into the werk bathroom when you never have pockets?
Darft and develop went out the window the second Peyton inked the contract
Watchin Bruce Almighty
Sweet! See you there! RT : We will see you in Columbus! It's been a long time since TRB XII
Thank you for promoting authors!
True. I am, as you know, laughing out loud.
Want to get your #BOOST your followers?
haha you can bring me chocolate chip cookies from McDonald's!
check out the new video for "Stay Real" @ www.myspace.com/quetonemusic
just arrived. Only here like 20 hours. You free for early breakfast tomorrow?
I knew It Was you!! I Was Screaming "OMG THAT'S KEVJUMBA!! " :D
June 8th-Acoustic show @ spirits Pub in Valley Center, Ks!
nice meeting you today!:) -See you next week
Sick=suck.
Anyone know why so many people in Atlanta are walking around in costume?!?
Go follow she follow back ,!
I'm so curious to see how this Lou Reed/Metallica collaboration will turn out
People who say that "Glee" is the best comedy on tv clearly have never watched FoxNews!
that's right u better go ahead to the store b4 everybody starts to go
thanks for being a fantastic volunteer. We are lucky to have you.
SUPER ANNOYING
Nice. Any way to view those photos in a gallery display?
What happened to the hit list! First thing I look at everyday on IMDb.
We're talking funny again! Show taping with Raven's dad, Second City and more on Friday at 6pm. Tix in JH 104!
I need some tea.
and teachers and ...
lol he must have appreciate the support
I Love You !!! Start Cathing Up On BGC!(:
I haz a bad cold. :(
Working on the new website. Hope it will help others create their rainbow www.FocusSocietyMastermind.com
I am not single, nor am I taken. I'm secretly in love with Justin Bieber. Its so secret, he doesn't even know.
Performance in Pittsburgh at 7: Jeff Turner leads the Duquesne Symphony in Bernstein's West Side Story & Faure's Requiem w/Voices of Spirit.
returns to CNN at the top of the hour on CNN International at 3PM - we're lucky & proud to have her back on our air
no, sorry, not sure, Eric
Who would you dress up as?
opened up data from 230k projects to crowdsource insights from their audience. at
follow me back
Working on updating our media kit--with our expanded advertising opportunities, I'm trying to figure out how to squeeze it all in
Responded to VACATE @ 1583 Washington Ave, Bronx, NY 10457 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
Never saw this site before. Is this legit? Crazy stuff. This could give a whole new meaning to Hitchslap.
Tomorrow AM on FOX: "Puppies, kittens and children harmed in Federal level milk spill in Northern Wisconsin this morning..."
Rounding the final turn on this ESPN book...what did you all think?
Very true my man!
i never heard anyone call it fake creek
Ex-NFL star Junior Seau reportedly dead SAD!!! Great PLAYER...1 of the BEST!!!
RT : I got a $500,000 line of credit at Tiffany's like Newt Gingrich's. I just asked for the "Fiscal Conservative" plan.
you changed the carrots?!?!! :O
probably a straight to dvd movie
Career panel round two. Here I go
I love you
whos him? that douche bag that thinks he can draw everything? haha jkk..
yes!! I choose you!
My least favorite cliches in sports: "don't let the refs affect the outcome of the game." AND "You can't call that foul at THAT time." #huh?
u can be in your feelings... I will leave u be. Lol
Didnt we learn from the iTunes store that the best way to beat piracy is positive alternative?
n its funny how u off alday n kan neva do wat I ask uma fix u dog
no idea she's engaged though. I Love hank
On my way to Austin! Tx Relays Party at Club La Rumba
Jamaican's love themselves some East Indian Mongoes. This sweet, delicious mouth watering fruit it an Island favourite..try it u'll agree
I even liked the live feed. Imperfect and spotty, but good resource.
I'm not even at work yet and I already want to go home! lol
Tired of drama and tired of sharing a room.
When sees u in the street and asks where he should eat I start getting worried. Is the world about to end?
OH bc of the doctor! oh yeah, I'm good! <3
don't be, u know your my girl (:
That's right Derek!
you need to get a one one one interview with KG
I LOVE YOUR PROFILE PIC!!!! ahh my friend is so gorgeous!!!!
So wouldn't an education/advocacy campaign about responsible dog ownership be more effective than increased liability exposure?
Some fool go come up with a dance for that ron artest elbow watch..
Fina hit up this club in college park shiihhh follow
Fuck Blake Griffin
no problem bro
"Let's get weird! Let's get weird! Let's get weird!" Wait... I thought we were chanting let's get weird?
My bother & I gave our Mom 2 tix to see Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis & Liza Minnelli in Miami!
watch out for flying axes.
I'm sorry that my tweet was the Genesis of this line of conversation
haha lol, you aren't german? its funny to read that, when i'm german, haha :D
It's cliche to talk about the great weather out here, but somedays it's so nice out the sunshine makes your heart feel a little bigger.
#OWIF: Oh, he's planning to do the worm. His posse is high fiving him. Crap, this Merchant Marine may be a ringer.
paddle boat?
Nice start! That's my team
plz contact us tomorrow.
I hate my face
Big shout out to for the attempt at showing all of Paddock her giant cans last night. Bless her heart.
If u ever thought about modeling go check out and sign up on my webpage(Risingmodelz.com). You get extra exposure and advertised worldwide.
Why don't we listen when people tell us who they really are by their actions?
Last all-nighter of my college career, and I dont feel nearly as nostalgic about it as everyone else.
You don't count, lol.
just saw it!
ITCHY FEET!Can't wait for 2011 so I can grab my backpack,salsa tunes,scripts,travel crew&go once/twice around the world again!BRING IT ON!X
Trying to get back on track with my art. It's been such a busy week. TGIF!
Made kielbasa soup for dinner. Wife said she didn't want then emerged and ate a bowl. No compliment or thanks. But she finished it all off.
I shared your article w/ my art teachers and they loved it! It looks like a blast.
RT THIS if you will buy an poster from if he makes some(: YOU GOT TO RT THIS THOUGH
what are you so happy about?
you got it??
Well congrats, my friend! Upward and onward.
Also my girl is now old enough to know if shes not eating what others are.So had to bake cupcakes tonight for party tomorrow
Lol some of you are so funny. #thankyou :')
ASO E-board Elections tomorrow! If you are interested in running for a position email by tonight.
ralphs players hate him and if terps win today that will be the first quality win of season
Indeed. Amazingly or unamazingly (my word) the #ITC extension has bipartisan report.
treat others as you'd like to be treated.
I think you have to have the rules in place before you ingest the files... but we haven't seen any rules yet...
Donald Driver was given a hard time last week... how does everyone think he'll do tonite?
what up j ma! another trip to the district has been planned!!!! you better be around! jan 13-15. put it in your calendar! muah!
is this off the wall? if we can't get second star for batum. We you consider trading LA for top 5 pick in this draft?
that is important news, for some people.How are they "big" enough to have two shows there? Fleetwood Mac didn't get that.
ikr!!! haha, sorry for the late reply. well, i like eyes set to kill, the maine, chase coy, the ready set, flight 409, ect.. you?
&&follow your dreams they are worth reaching for(: jamminq to JB your my common denominator:D
From now on, I'm only fucking with people who keep that shit 3 Hunna. Nothing less
Sure thing! Looking forward to it. :-)
very cool. What book?
Always strive to get ahead but never infringe upon the rights of others.
I feel like one of the Billy Joe's should be playing QB in this game. (Tolliver, Hobert) Cade McNown is playing for KC today
Stressful day but my grandson did awesome @ TBall. I'm so proud of him.
man if i hit the lotto just one time...
Bosh doesn't come back this team will not win a title. Win or lose this game.
"Twitter is stupid," ...36,000+ tweets later....
give me a follow
When memories come back, some you keep and some you trash in the can.
Some people are in love with the idea of love not the person there with..
OK BYE! BE BREEZE!
Thanks, Clark. Ian is talking to G Burton about doin' a show together. You think that would be a good fit?
Cancer's A Dick!
power nap w/ my lil dude ...
Boots knock wooden planks/tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp/night spent in a dream
Stopping by to say hello. Hope you have a super week.
When boys look Like Justin bieber<<<<
See you on stage tonight!!
Just realized is on campus shooting a music video!! I want to be in it! :D
Wiskully decks are in!
I used to go to Ultrazone as a kid. Can't believe it's still around!
And, of those 4 contenders, it's the marketers' dream match-up in the #Superbowl. Woohoo.
hi ryan
who did ....thats your name on twitter
Not going a day without thinking of Austin cause your a hardcore mahomie.
I liKe weebly ;)
paradiddle breakdowns around the kit. And left hand dominance. Please.
It really doesn't matter,not one of them can beat Obama come November. I'm a Democrat and I wish there were.
DDDDAAAAAMMMMNNNNNNN CLIPS IS BITCHSLAPING THE FUCK OUTTA THE SPURS!!!!
ha ha lol it was nice huh :)
I'm next! I only have one cat to eat my face after it gets hungry though.
My moms birthday is on june i wanna do something SUPER special for her just because i love her so damn much, i need ideas thoe.
haha sorry for the late response and yea me neither :P lol
This is something that is on my mind ....
Dinner with my rents<3 #nevereatingagain!
have you poked ? He's an accessibility savant.
WTF SHE DIDNT KNOW BELL BIV DEVOE WAS APART OF NEW EDITION?? SMDH HA HA
Singer Jordan Knight is 42. Rhythm-and-blues singer Darnell Van Rensalier (Shai) is 42. Actress Sasha Alexander is 39.
Indeed! I think, in general (with good policies, permission, &c.), it's a fantastic idea.
the screen on my phone trust broke..
yes ma'am it is lol
Fact-checking the #GOP debate? You'll have to fact-check EVERYTHING they say! Hire move "checkers"...
Hey & #rockcenter thank you for the stupidest story of all time a stupid French person his unicycle & his commute
I miss you to (:
Remote Conductor now has full Windows support! Conductor Server for Windows 1.0 is now released!
Great to hear that Much love to you and yours from me and mine.
Living in Sacramento is accepting the likelihood that your car will be broken into way too often.
Francisco is looking for a news anchor position. See him live live on PinkSlipMixers.com/page/live-video
You might hate me for this question, but what is it like to be a meteorologist? A question I've always wondered
congrats you all!
totally! There are several shows I feel that way about?!
I haven't listened to those Pitchfork chumps for several years now and my life is better for it.
At school and bored D: someone tweet me!
I agree, "aperture' is a seldom heard, yet useful term. Thanks!
RT : We're merging into ! Follow us there for all your #genealogy, #POCgenealogy, and...
..I swear! I tried over 3 times to listen, honestly sweet!
I love you more, you guys don't know how much you mean to me (y)'s up for #blusharmy <3
Hell yeah I can use some. How can you get them to me bro?
im doing it, but in Indy, cant wait!!
It was. When I ordered the first phone, I was locked out of my account & needed to call. Does that not show as an invoice?
Shaughnessy says having the Globe Insiders event on Red Sox collapse at Cask is like having a Jenny Craig mtg in a bakery.
hahaha yeah it's so different going from 8 laps to 1.... hahaha
Making going to bed early on a Friday feel less crapy by playing dance music in my apartment.
yes not giving up ok
Finally getting some Dre Beats. (-:
Thanks for the RT! Will you be going to the show tonight? :)
Dallas, TX- need females for calendar shoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 4,500.dollars. (Casting Code B3)
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
Just need se variety every once in a while
Omw to class,,,
Meredith, Thanks for the follow. Have a wonderful holiday weekend.
Jersey Group was live!!! Yea I got ambition to go to New Jersey
What's your favorite restaurant in #SantaFe? Restaurant week starts March 4!
I had my money on Lane!
When you getting back in the studio??
Come watch who we're going to clobber in the Western Finals - Spurs or Clippers. Beautiful night out, come see us!
I am addicted to Pot Belly's Chocolate Brownie Cookies! They are absolutely insanely yummy!
done!! Thanks for the heads up!!
I would love to have 5 minutes alone "officer Zimmerman"....I would whoop the shit out of his ass...Racist fuck....
Attending tomorrow's mtg featuring ? Don't forget your canned goods benefiting !
Man that is awesome! RT : You guys better not steal my fantasy football team name either!
and go all white. so they can really see your junk.
I wonder if anyone has ever done tree pose while listening to Roy Rogers, like I just did.
A quarrel is like buttermilk: once it's out of the churn, the more you shake it, the more sour it grows.
Our engineers have said that as long as you don't go on our site, we'll be okay.
I think Cori's addicted to watching the tv show Intervention. If only there was some sort of process to get her to stop.
thanks for makin me laugh in class. (:
that is pretty funny Come on Bon Iver
please help stop kony watch the videokony2012 he has to be stoped its its timefor him to pay back
LIKE I CAN'T OMG. haha text me mum is making me leave twitter.. nig
oh NO! error message while trying to purchase norah jones tickets. Missing password but none provided...HELP!!?
thank you! Love that.
...the worst part is that the ones who shouldn't wear them do anyway...
A name make no matter for me
So excited to be teaching a Bible Study class at Join us as we talk about The Confident Woman!
soo can we hang before we get crazy busy spring quarter?
If you live in the Florida area you can get my First Reader board books at Winn Dixie ! Be sure to check them out on your next grocery run !
Yes! Ill go to boxing when I'm pissed and ready to get aggression out lol
Buying a motorcycle. Sitting in the sales office now.
I was in NYC for a hot minute. Omw back to Miami as we speak. NY June 6-10 for book promo. B back b4 then for sure ;-)
Now offering 52% off QiGong, Acupunture, Private Yoga, 60 min session and consultant, Location Bethesda, MD Check it out at HealthyDeals.com
RT : Great presentation fr Adrienne Cochrane on how National Urban League helped prepare her for CEO role. More:...
The best career advice to give the young is, find out what you like doing best and get some1 to pay you for doing it. Your time not theirs!!
Why is the greatest DJ ever??? Because he played the guile theme dying garter toss.
I'd love to see OT in the game.
wagners term paper will be the death of me.
Dave I don't believe I've ever made fun of you. Not sure about that other guy you were talking about though.
Good morning friends! You still have some time to pick up your favorite McD's breakfast item...!!
The single most powerful weapon to destroy the enemy of joblessness is confidence.
huh what? like how?
What do you call a sports pub that loses signal & balloons block TV? FAIL. Missed second #Capitals goal but settled in new bar. Go #Caps!!
Did I just catch you on with rocking swimwear? Nice job.
Spent two hours today with Riley, my SPCA project dog. Know someone who wants to adopt 80+ lbs. of awesome bulldog, with sep anxiety? Tweet!
HIS LIPS ARE LIKE THE SWEET I'LL NEVER TASTE.
today was pretty freakin awesome also awesome: discovered via that I live two blocks from
can you put my name on the pic please? (:
Hi Jennifer, thanks for the follow. Will you be attending
#SQUAD we all headed back to ATL
that's ya twitter follower. All I do is tell the truth. Scracthimg the record and backspin. Keep it gucci
OH: "It's like this ritual in France. It might be outlawed now."
do you prefer hypertext and electronic literature OR hypertext and literature? How about hypertext and new media?
Cann a Bitchh get a Break?
This was not a good week or week-end for me:'( its been like the worst ever! Cried all week. I want my Egyptian true friends:(
Getting my hair layered!!!!!!! Finally!
Well said, sir. RT I don't know how you make that lane violation call. Right call? Yes. RIGHT call? Absolutely not.
*listens carefully, with a slight frown. nods*
I'll be on the infield! See you later
Quite surprised there were this many people who made weekday mid-afternoon ESPN shows appointment television.
so how long will keep you "secret"? I mean, seriously... ha ha. Ya know he has a brother right?
I was hoping it was gonna say ATLANTIS
- thanks for the coupon. I'll come visit next time I'm in NYC!
"Enjoy Every Sandwich" Warren Zevon 1947-2003. Keeping WZ in our Hearts.
good to see you on Twitter! Just in time for Tech Tools. The tag for the event is #MusEdTech if you want to try live tweeting!
You'll get variant covers, posters, and buttons.
Mike Brewster, C, Ohio State.
Do you know someone on facebook that should like us?? Share a link and we will be forever grateful! We are also on twitter
What's left to say? You are more than a boss but also true friend. Thanks for your ongoing support with my HotMesses. :-)
Why can't the T-Rex clap his hands? He's dead.
We hope everyone had a safe and happy Independence Day!
6-2 lets keep this train aroll'n! My picks for today Pats over Ravens 24-10 and Niners over the Giants 27-17. What Do you think?
-__- Show off, lol:p RT I just found out u can take pics using the + volume bottom
studio should be up and running in Charlotte,NC next week
From everyone here at Island Real Estate, merry Christmas to all of our Facebook friends!
: Right back at you, Robyn!
May 16th. -Spring Concert May 17th -Crossroads May 18th -Band Banquet May 23 and 24th -Grease May 25th -Prom May 28th -
And that is why not everyone is cut out to save baseball games
It's the first of the month :)
i need some followers
Its sad to see these artists that have sold out! Very few care about their communities or the youth. They are about money only!
it ain't rap if it ain't EMINEM
Gotta hype our really cool 60's art posters. Nice for framing and looking upon!
please Follow Me Love U !!
More #ChampionsLeague action today with #RealMadrid v. #Bayern live at 12:45pm! Will Madrid get the win this time?
YES they plan to reopen in 5 mins. RT: Anyone know if 169 N is open at 494???
Less than an hour til I can go home and Bert the night away!
Happy Veterans Day from the SJS TEAM
weren't you conquered by Hitler?
lol it is true u r a sex god
On behalf of CRSS. We would like to wish you a "HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY" !!!!! XOXOXOX ;}
Kayla & I working together is going to be crazy...she already got yelled at for flicking my nipple hahaha
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Industry night , All you industry folk come down and hang with us!!
yeah, some were not fun to read, but good info.
Thoughts for Friday: Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. - John F. Kennedy
Absolutely! However, some schools are still very strict about requiring teachers to have a TEFL certificate regardless.
I dont wanna go to work today I wanna just chill n lay around the house.
Congrats Mye Hoang on world premiere of #viette at
Only prob with out of town guests in Balto:
icing is a tie - the wife coming home with a "it's 7:00 and no baths yet?!" followed by "My tires are flat and it's raining!"
I jus wanna make You famous!
i saw a girl and some dudes doing that today in the barbershop.
Great opening keynote speech at the Conference. Now sitting in presentation about mobile apps and devices in classroom.
Being in the car while other people are driving in drivers ed is not fun..
i am on stickam shuffle trying to promote this band of ours
YAY! You're leaving? I think you are bad for "real" PDX reviews. BYE!
Off to a good start! Need to keep it going =)
I hope you do it, if you do, seek out support via blogs/social media-very helpful/educational.
A key part of bus models is to know what level of profit drives away your customers or creates a safe haven for greedy men.
If you get a chance check us out (we're being filmed live) this morning on KCRA at roughly 730am and 9:00am. #Excited !
just if you like it or not retarded lol
maci was trying to be Cupid today and says, "make Tyler your bf again. He's my fave." lol. Crazy girl.
Happy B-Day, Love ya:)
well, we know it won't be
Fair warning: probably going to be obnoxiously live tweeting
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
AP test in less than 15 minutes. Well, crap.
Hey twitter, have'nt tweeted on yah for a while.... XD
Welcome to autumn! If you need us, we'll be celebrating the equinox with a nice ol' Sampler Pack.
Want the new album! Yay! XP So Excited! Lmao!!
Just came from the #beach . So tired. No heading to ma' granny's.
Gov. Scott Walker thanks GOP faithful for their prayers, says "that just means the world to us."
I dont talk to you often lately but its always nice to read your tweets and know you are there ;)
I'm getting more upset with ever text
Starting my week out right with some peach cobbler homemade by
Steelers fans, you would be nice to if he comes with me to Steelers/ravens in pgh, right? Even ravens fans should exp renegade
RT : Satan is NOT creative. he attacks your same weaknesses. Stop letting him defeat you!
: iron sharpens iron, my friend.
I think Ax Men is 90% set up now.
Who makes eggs and waffles at this time at night? This
It's only after someone is gone do you realize how much you miss them.
I'm partial to number 1, myself.
He should come to my school. Kidding, but still. It's so true though.
New place. New start. It's time.
Oh, I stopped wearing these shoes because the soles have turned to slicks.
OH: "It's beautiful! And if you want to go to the big city, Ocala is just 20 minutes up the highway!" (Ocala, FL population: 54,000)
She is being such a brat
i'm really seriously tempted to just toss them and worry about it later.
Working on final master of the first single from the upcoming release of Jericho! The New Dawn is almost here!!!
i'm kinda i feel ya right now you keep me standin tight now the feelin gettin strong now it's gettin hard to fight now
Happy #fathers day everyone!
When you're walking by the lakefront, stop in to see Lake Bluff Condos on Prospect! Luxury homes w/ great views! www.lakebluffcondos.com
JETS ALL THE WAY TODAY BABY!!!
Welcome Maya! And congrats !!!!
Word of the day is jerk!
I wish you'll die. What a celebration that would be
stp putting them dirty magic sticks in ur month & u want hv that problem
Dear your #Tysons #AMC has all their automated ticketing stations down on opening night of a major blockbuster.
Of course!! My mother, who loved LOF & is v crafty, has sent me many many suggestions! This will be my bookish hostess debut! ;)
Watching the sandlot in creative writing
It started at two around here. TPR HH, nothing like it. Can't wait for Rascal tomorrow. We are gonna be six rascals dancing about.
With a cool start this morning and clouds on the increase temps will stay in the 50's today. Slight chance of rain in the afternoon.
RT : Why do students put MY name on their papers? I know my name. If it was class name/section that would make sense.
no sir I can't help you with countertops, but if you'd like to request a Flo Rida song I'm very capable..
Happy B-Day, love ya:) JR
Winding down at #delltechcamp Great day at the O2
Let's follow each other!
"If you can accept losing, you can't win"
okay, maybe i said that last tweet wrong. lol
Hell Yea Bro Cant Wait To See What The Bears Have In Store This Year
she got hit by a boat and almost died... People die everyday from that stuff... Her life and "popularity" revolves around justin
Welcome! RT : #RingTheTribalBell for : Would love to! I enjoy the daily! cc
Can't thank the studios and networks enough. They are showing great support for SKINS in 2012.
Breaking News: signs on as Media Sponsor for #MCC2012 & the 2012 Global Generation Awards. We can't wait for September!
I'll need you guys to follow me, so I can send you some information :)
if the question is about CCFD v TOT they are completely different. CCFD is a property tax. TOT is on transient.
thank you! You are too. <3
sure thing baby ;)
#Friends c:
#calledout I have another event today, so I couldn't make it. Wish I could be there!
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
I will not buy white clothes, I will not buy white clothes...Damn you, , shopping enabler extraordinaire!
Can't wait to see how my Crock Pot pork with parsnips and sweet potatoes turns out tonight. Didn't use a recipe. <3 slow cooker season!
Wdf fuck u going to say I got aids ? Cause I would not stick my Dick in Ur nasty ass.really ? I pull paperwork out on u hoes like state ids
Nice! (though I don't want an Ood purse). Thanks Kath, I'll take a pic of my bag and contact her.
Dope I will send it over Via Text. If your not local I can do everything over the phone.
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
is wondering whether or not she's "Tweeting!"
i enjoy telling abby that yoga is chicken soup for her teenage soul.
those bitches!
are you here at the Protomen show?
is there any VIP TICKETS FOR TAMPA!! need 2 know!!!!!!!!!!
why can I sleep?! Lol
Come on #Packers let's make it a point game for half time
My Name is on the Bill for Nuyoricans for the 24th. But I am not pergorming there.
i was dumb for lettin her go. i jus realized dat -_-
Who remembers Webkinz???
exciting night? Not you I hope.
#StreetView Payload Data Was Irresistible Scientific Opportunity for Google - Forbes via
stopped by your store a minute ago! Wanted to give you a goodbye hug!
that sounds like an imposter Mexican to me.
Have you ever sat back and wondered how many times has read some of your tweets in his timeline, but just never RT'd them?
#ReasonsToLoveTexas = Rocky's Tacos
motivation is key !
My pleasure! Congrats on 2K!!!!
My hands hurt... is it SXSW yet?
awesome! so glad you enjoyed it. :) have been trying to get the word out better that it's not paranormal romance, lol
A tough decision looms for John Groce. Return to OU with everyone back or take job at Illinois. Not often a job like that is open in the B10
PARISH has a special treat for you this weekend...Can you say "Eden Farm's Acorn Fed Pig!" Stay tuned 4 for more details!
get signed up! #UCO will being trying suit u up after I get done with you!
I saw a "Happy Mother's Day" on a facebook status....I commented "Thank you."
Loved seeing in the idol audience today. Just her face made the show worth watching.
RT : #edchat Yes, Qwiki is an online encyclopedia with sound, images, text - awesome research tool.
I'm thankful to be part of #LIS because each day I learn something new.
Chase lost 5 times the amount they said new regulations would cost them. They should welcome the new regs!
We at RiTE fully support those who are fighting to keep the internet free for speech and no discouragement to share, even our art.
hey you live in sf yet? If so what part? Wanna hang? Be friends? Mere acquaintances? Guys we used to know? Lemme know.
Yesterday I organized nodes, showered, and tried on bras. Scary! Way too vulnerable. Buried alive. See my flailing arms? No--I'm buried.
should have put her in an
Ok..can we blow this open now..the Hawks want us to. Give them their WISH.
Gonna call my future boss & schedule my 2nd interview in abt 30min :)
CONSTRUCTION UPDATE: Traffic backing up on US 26 westbound because of lane closure between Cornell and 185th
Don't get it twisted I might be following you on twitter but in life ima natural born leader
Manufacturing industry will return to the U.S but not corresponding job growth. Cost-effective mfg. means more robots, less people.
loves grapes!
Considering covering the SCF next month for Please,
All caught up on The Walking Dead. Second half of the season was awesome!
What was wet yesterday is frozen today! HCMC fixing lots of broken bones from falling on the ice -- be careful out there!
Your work is absolutely amazing! Thanks for creating our videos!
Had a fabulous day hanging with in
what Roddy do?
Two more weeks and I will be done with library school! Finals in the meantime.
Some DIY is awesome! It's what makes a #wedding unique! But professional guidance is invaluable :-)
we need to come up with 600k fast.
Tonight's awesome conversation is about vocation. If someone looks up to you, leadership is yours.
but if its in the gym im not going . .
It's a #giants game!!!
Can't wait for Cinco de Mayo. Getting my tequila overdose on! :)
I think my dog has outsmarted me.
What is the worst thing you were told you did the next day but don't remember, ?
aweh don't give up! I hope u meet him he is the sweetest person ever!:)
Today is tiring.
holy shit... I just lost so much respect for you. Playing! Great stuff man.
hm...theyre missing out? they might never have any? they likely live alone? by "they" I mean "me" tho.
well, u can phone me right now .. if ya want :)
Super-charging is methods publishers use to distinguish their content from everything else out there. Why choose your content?
Few people are made for independence; it's the privilege of the powerful. - Nietzsche
Sitting here with and making history!!
Simon the Super 8 is taking much longer than expected to get fixed. I WANNA MAKE MOVIES!.
Or how I was in Beverly Hills the same day Josh Hutcherson was, and didn't see him. Geez.
Gonna be a hot one today. Wasn't it just pouring down rain 2 weeks ago?
Everything begins with a thought. Fitness is no different. MindFirstFitness.
Breakfast at Noshville w/BIG Sister
If more people who believed in #ufo sightings or even if those who are just curious, raised their voices the slightest, we'd have answers.
Alhamdulillah comes out for
Just sitting here watching 's old videos fucking dying nbd
The Grease Trucks, or what I miss the most about the Rutgers campus.
Listening to RT : Make social media complaints work for you.
er How many raids on medical marijuana dispensaries.
Thank you!
A bat got into my apartment the night before my roommate and I had to take a prelim exam in grad school. We almost died.
Only 1 more day 'til #ArtLook map launches, helping you discover which have #ArtsEd programs.
I'd love it if you'd leave a comment!
Lol I just fucked up my computer lol. Windows won't even start lol
I feel like the most valuable questions would come from a non-supporter, but yeah whatever.
Where are u headed? And why do u hate urself lol
Usability testing will validate your design, but keep monitoring your product to validate usability testing.
' But who wnts to listen to somebody having sex Lmao
Home to sleep 7am Meeting tomorrow
We're thrilled to celebrate our 5th anniversary of the food tours w/ the food trucks today - stop on by!
mikes too hammered to even shake his fist at me. so ridiculous.
The agent of deserves a bonus. Neon Deion stars in two Super Bowl ads on Sunday, for Bridgestone & Century 21.
The newsroom at CNN smells like bacon right now. I don't know why and I don't care. It's not important. It's bacon.
urine trouble takes on victorious secret for the final eastern division playoff spot.
Talked about staff photos for our website today. My suggestion of Lifetouch portraits with laser backgrounds was not taken seriously.
Prom hair and makeup for 7 girls this weekend #Balling !!!
If i could live in New Jersey for a week i would be so happy!!(:
Ah, yes, must return to see how things have changed since socialism...any marketing director's positions open? LOL
When you look in the mirror think to yourself "Holy toledo, I'm Chaka mf'n Khan!" Or do you have no idea of the power you weld?
They should trade for him if it gets Izturis off the roster.
Enjoyed a productive Historic Preservation and #Zoning Committee meeting tonight. Long live the accessory dwelling unit.
Nothing is ever lost by courtesy. It is the cheapest of pleasures, costs nothing, and conveys much. - Erastus Wiman
RT : Ticket for fishers super sectional on sale Monday from 7 am-6 pm and Tuesday from 7-9 am. Tickets $8
Certain things/people just have to grow on me.
Thanks for the load of spyware and virus. You're such a sweetie.
To be fair, Sanford PD is probably tired of all these hooded journalists always walking free.
Thanks! Yeah we arent celebrating till sun cause they leave at 4.. Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
"the whole system sets up #nonprofits for struggle and starvation" Mario Morino during #LeapofReason speech today in
Glad you're interested! What kind of e-learning do you rock?
pretty sure you didn't honk.... hahaha
Are you a great stylist looking for booth space, use top products? stop by Mood Hair Salon 508 3rd SW
I am with ya!!
No... my 4 year old understands football better than this guy & his staff or lack there of...
Del Norte High School evacuated more on www.krqe.com.
got your newsletter this week. Thanks.
Another week another #FF ! Want to thank all the new followers this week, gonna dedicate this Friday's lists to you!
It was the one moment I didn't believe.
Awesome, will give it a read. Keep up the good work! Happy Friday!
Wow man.
haha wow he is definitely a faggot but okay bring him to my house he has a pizza for my dad
My EP was recorded on LA buses, LA trains, exercise equipment, a plane or two, my room, random other rooms... and of course Morocco
Umm... I think my children are fulfilling any sex-ed requirements here in Bangkok.
Hey fans some good news ?
what section?
Why does it feel like Friday?
Not sure how I missed that I'm supposed to usher Sunday night. That will need to be rescheduled.
God is good.
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
finally one to talk 2
Parks vandalism costing Longview big bucks. Details , thanks to parks director for discussing the damage.
can you record the sound for us to compare? I kinda want opinions on r's yelling.
Said w/ancestors who worked so hard how could we be tired RT : Dude changed my whole perception of word tired
Get ready Bastrop, that line of storms is coming your way!
Why am I such a fuck up sometimes?
One soul saved is equal to a million records sold to the true servant of God...
Delta flight 2295 from Salt Lake City reported possible hydraulic problems
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
I dont understand...people look she is guilty!!! She lied! She should have death penalty!!! RIP CAYLEE ANTHONY.
oh I do? Hah.
The world is full of secret places that are only open to the bold.
Side effects of marijuana include watching all of Jurassic Park 3 on TV with commercials even though you own the Blu-ray.
I'm in section 107. Where are you?
Ray - Wilson road trip to VA beach to celebrate one graduated a stop at smithfield's on the way-the only way to road trip!
#InstantTurnOn Girls with tats
Lil Dusty wants to send a tex message ;)
R u going to the homeopener? Love lacrosse? Txt LAX and ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to entr 2 win a pass to c CROOKED ARROWS!
go on blog tv then it'll be the best day ever
Just finished Charlie Chaplin's autobiography. Just like his Tramp, he's a gentleman, a poet, and a dreamer, always hopeful of romance.
Don't miss our Special Offer: take 3 or more workshops in February and save $25. Deadline Friday, Feb 11th. Act now!
Justin pretty much created swag.
"On the wireless"?
pro tip: CSU is on ESPN U ....though Drexel is taking it to them pretty good. lol
#HHD have a fantastic day :)
Here's a travel tip: When visiting the Amazon, don't camp under the creepy demon baby tree.
The tour starts at 1pm and we will be there with a booth!
Redfest baby! FEAR THE DEER, FEAR THE DEER
U/D Cordelia - Fire under control.
YESS EVERYONE I'LL FOLLOW BACK I have to get ready for school first. I have like 30 minutes (:
You're the man Tim! Speaking as a lifelong Bronco fan I couldn't be any prouder that you're our QB. Have fun!
$1 Lone Star/Lone Star Lt this Tues and every Tues at W Alabama Icehouse. Tell your friends!
i want to know why libraries & academic institutions make it so difficult to get information without paying lots of $$, or enrolling.
Without Batman (DWade) he would never win a chip. So if he does win congrats on that, but for me he will never be in the..
It's not as valuable to me as Packers stock. :)
Thank you Marlene!
OMG that was amazing ! I love it! Yankees win the Yankees win!!!!Unbelievable lol
Yep! Still here! It will be 2 years in June! LOVE it!! Come visit soon:)
wet lock
writing abt clifton's best kept secret! all i can say is- bbq pulled pork topped hotdogs, smore sundaes & strawberry soda shakes.
it's been months since we've had a microwave in my house lol
Don't care what people say I'm going to grow out my facial hair.
I don't know if you're screwed. I would email to Amazon's customer service.
thanks for sharing! I will check them out!
I'm not asking you to look after the editor's bottom line. I'm just asking if that was offered, would you accept?
I had a blast too. Great to see everyone. Can't wait til summer
including me like 12ish. Not bothering to count the guys...too many. Is this typical of geeky meetups?
let me know if you ever need a 4th!
If you worry about what people think/say about you...you'll be forever worried.
Great - between learning esoteric fund strategies, seeing NYC pint-by-pint and catching up w/ US sport, never a slow day here
I cried my eyes out when they carried whitneys casket out while the recording of I will always love you played in the background :(
what time is it over?
DFW's "Shipping Out" in #eng2500 today. "I have (very briefly) joined a conga line."
"I'm pumped about seeing on March 30th at the HOB Dallas- Get your Tix!"
lord, that's crappy 4 all but the cats and myself escaped w/ only jet lag...I think the volume of booze helped
Yesterday we were with Grandpa Kneeland when he took his last breath. He lived a long & full life & will be missed; may he rest in peace...
Central hella live and this ain't even the last day
Tinychat tonight maybe? (;
great wknd in #Munich! will return sooner than later. now in #Brussels. cant wait 2 get 2 #USA 4 move 2 #uptown #charlotte w !!
Sad I will be missing the mentoring Summer Networking event, but happy I will be in Chicago for 2011.
you and me both!!!! It's going to happen 12 lbs by May
William Howard Taft served as Chief Justice from 1921-1930.
Want to see future of Facebook's mobile ad revenue? Just read Pandora's recent SEC filings for a sneak peak of what's to come.
Unless you have changed your mind from your initial impression, you won't get flamed by all, especially me.
how many times am i going to forget to switch to my work Twitter account before I post something? anyway...
Soren, is there a good email address to contact you at about having you write for the site?
i gotta go to dance. ill talk to you laterr!
hope all is well with your sister and mom
I don't care how old you are, if you don't respect me I'm not respecting you.
Brain Floss: Grand Rapids, Michigan, was the first United States community to fluoridate its public drinking water, in 1945.
haha yours got retweeted too. feel special.
Can y'all stay out my inbox! Please and thanx!
true, so I'm back at it!
You KNOW I wasn't talking about your music. You're @ mentions to me are unwanted from now on, and will be considered spam.
So my button down shirt is too tight over the pecs to button...can I leave it open? I have a presentation to give #rippedguyproblem ;-)
Give me the confidence I need
Fake Life Is Better Then Real Life
Great video, thanks!
I can't help but just smile in this situation ...
Had a make up session of Brian Finkelstein's Solo Show Workshop this afternoon. Great class!!! And a great group of folks to work
she's got an amazing voice I WANT
sent this morning brotha sorry we hooked it up!
It's not even open! Lol RT : LOL close your window
- um....#epic and wonderful and SO meant to be seen on the big screen.
Sounds like my old home-game.
follow friday nigga
Headed to Duluth for the weekend with and !!
Hey bro. Can you put some guitar tabs up for I, the jury. Can't find it anywhere I'd love to play that song
Did anyone go to the balloon parade in #SD? Bummed we missed it!
Going shirtless at a bar is not a good fashion statement. Especially when it looks like your wearing a sweater.
It disturbs me to see leaders not leading.
That's a quick $75G for the #NBA Cares charity jug. Kids at B w/o Borders will benefit
I meant your tweeting out the media interview tips that put together for us ;-)
#OTGTIPS STOP JUDGING PEOPLE OFF OF WHAT THEY SAY, WATCH WHAT THEY DO!
good luck ateh...!!!
I grew up in PA, about 90 miles north of Philly. I love PA...
Gotta see my #Panthers bring it home tonight!! Let's go!!
I heard she wasnt gone neva cheat nd neva make no moves
Hello Sheena, im also nu 2 NAPW in Central Florida..& a chid of da most high GOD.love 2 connect...Blessings!!
Yippy! NO MORE WIND. I'm not scared to go outside and poo anymore! X
I must be one of the only ones that cant wait for school to end. I love my maria girls but im ready to move on
RT : "The number of users of Khan Academy is 6 times as many students as Harvard has graduated since 1636!" Sal Khan at
#happyNewYear hope it brings some great times for everyone!
I made the best Cioppino tonight! I added king crab and dungeness to the mix. My neighbors were beating down the door to get a sample!
Yeah! There was this really cool coffe shop that I stumbled upon back in I think February and it was rad sauce
My daughter just turned the big 1 last Saturday! Making me feel old at 18! :P
Lol I pulled down google's zipper :3
The Intercollegiate Broadcasting Systems Conference will be held this Saturday ! Registration starts at 8!
so happy DSA was on the Daily Show last night! DSA haters can get over themselves, we are organizing and proud!
don't you hate when that happens?
you are so right!
follow back? Louis my fave too:)
Funny stuff. RT Only asking Joe pa football questions today would be like asking Clinton foreign policy questions in 1995.
told my (7 years' junior) BF that I was asked to be Vanna White during #mw2012. he said, "Who's that?" ~facepalm~
Pacific Islanders Club hosts its 9th annual Lu'au on May 14th, 5PM at the Peter Stott Center. Tickets starting at $15.
Read article on best/worst sounding words. Best: cellar door, serene, mellifluous. Worst: ointment, nugget, & MOIST. I knew it!
so happy i found the yellow pants of my dreams in rome and can return all these wannabes
The downfall of being an empath; feeling people's pain. :/ And no need to thank me. I'm always here for people if I can be.
Where is with some beer n wings.
sorry!!! my phone died!!!! u still on?
My brother and dad rode an elephant
Holiday Gift Ideas, All Purple! Purple dream by bocko on Etsy su.pr/A6DinP
Homeless Boy Steals The Talent Show: via
CMJ Concert Conundrum: Unknown Mortal Orchestra|Free Energy|Givers OR Pujol|Jacuzzi Boys|Turbo Fruits ?
- I know! Let's hatch some plans!
RIGHT? I was like FUUUUU- -_-
i do lol
watching my dogs run away from the Roomba is pretty frickin' funny
One of the best events in sports.
hey guys. <3
Now at 0730 Flo is ready to go outside. Kimi has been ready for an hour or more. Watch out birds, nere they come!
There Ducks. Was that so hard? Good answer to a little adversity, UO back in control of the Civil War, 14-7.
14th Final Four appearance! #rockchalk #FINAL4 - LET'S WIN THIS THING!!
Agree! Tweet of night RT : I don't mean to be a jerk, but I think Aoki might have a better command of the language than Gamel.
Loving the people who want Weeks benched for a while. He has a .211 BABIP and is one of the best players on the team. You don't win w/o him.
My passion for Justice and Civil Rights have been fired up by the media to come through with this NAACP thang comin
gotta check it out
I love peanut butter and bananas!
Only halfway through this amf and in already super tipsy. FML!!
You know u love someone when u still believe their bullshit stories
damn you killing kids, rest in hell
I really don't want 2 go 2 school and get bullied more :/
Guilt is always the best marketing strategy. Thanks for keeping 20lbs of glass out landfills
Just got off the phone with one of the Doobie Brothers. No big deal.
Ah the fact that is coming back to NYC this summer is making scream like crazy!
BIG THANK YOU to BACK YARD BURGERS for serving up some great food yesterday. Went along with our Western Days Celebration!
Ordering new bikes for ! Buddy Bike Sport w/NuVinci N360 & Buddy Bike Econo Single Speed both w/front end changes.
Are you orange? Get ready for Joel Bishop!
Do you know what a Triptych is? 1 picture split up over 3 canvases- CanvasPop has you covered! 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!
T-shirt photos are great! Love seeing all your fans in the shirts!
i realli wanted 2 tell u.... u look an awful lot like debbie 2nite :)
Finally saw Salmon Fishing in the Yemen. Excellent film! The acting, writing, originality....brilliant! What did you think?
Dont Leave!!! I havent even got the chance to meet you and Yet :( and I live in San Antonio.
This group of people just stopped in front of me and devonte and said we look so cute <3 lol :)
#walkingdead all day
oh shoot LMAO
"Unlimited Plan...no disputes about calls not connecting or dropped calls or any other reason to call customer service."
You must be still drunk from the wine, if you think that on the last day of registration, and it is just you and me from 6-10
All I want is him...
How come whenever I see the word 'Cubs' on Twitter it always has 'LOL' next to it?
No swim because of the storm(: mother nature is my bff today. Lol
37 point lead
So i had to hit you up on here
the picture is in our previous tweet. I checked the dates and I'm not sure I will be able to make it this year :(
Keep up all the good works.
just cuz i didnt give my bro 5 i always have to give my bro my money DAMN I HATE HER
's Phil Neal just presented about #mLearning at Medical Device Conference. Great event with great people!
Not a fan of Bachmann, but when was the last time you put an outtake picture of a male politician on your cover? Just a question.
RT : Social web takes measurement from Impressions to expressions.
where are you mayor?
we'd party hard man
getting my devices ready to report on the up coming football season
Creating my summer salon specials. What services/products would you like to see on the list?
I prefer cold weather over hot and humid!!!!
Thank U!!
Romney looks dead tired speaking in Illinois.
Haha, we"ll see. I don't have very good luck.
regardless juss in case she starts her shit lol
Good morning America! :) it's gonna be a great day
If you three bet with AJ. Flop tptk and fold when your bet on the flop gets raised. You probably shouldn't three bet with AJ.
Thanks for the RT and mentions
Its the worst thing that could happen, when you start to believe the lies that are said about you
Beauty Within 2012 - GET THE GLOW BEFORE IT GOES! Total Savings - $161 on NEOCUTIS skin rejuvenation treatment. Expires 3-31-2.
Playing a secret show at Memories tonight. Go on in an hour! Montrose and Cicero.
People don't want to get to know a homeless person...Then they'll know a smelly, homeless person.
"I'm so ahead of my time, my parents haven't met" -Big L (R.I.P)
i miss austin already:(
Thank you :)!
what's wrong with cody?
I'm not speeding up for nobody. You don't put gas in my tank!
Ready for bed.... I love weekends!
I wanna make love to old school music one day
Wham bam thank you maam. Devils.
Soup's on at Lottie's - savory white bean and corned beef & spicy roasted vegetable. Eat your heart out Soup Nazi!!
I got a text at 1am from MM saying I should probably wash the dress.
Another high rolling, hole in the wall dining establishment tonight. Tons of great, cheap food right off the Vegas Strip....
Saw a SAG screening of Toy Story 3 and then Father's Office afterward. Great great movie.
Poll: Is Naniwa the best #protoss in the world?
You gettin' the braces tightened? :]
You can also check out my performance on Maury's most talented kids on YouTube
. & you two are the best!! And the food was amazing & delicious!
E x c e l l e n t - our evil plan is advancing nicely.
Any plans to ever increase your production of 30x30 pants? The world is conspiring against me getting some Gargamel's Revenge.
I'm submitting like crazy! Looks like there are a lot of opportunities out there :)
Looks like I need a new bottle of Bulleit.
I haven't broke open the bag yet. The tasting notes say light and crisp. It's blonde roast profile.
Missed the gym today....that makes 20 years in a row....
oh anytime (:
I literally have no idea what that means.
#newarrivals A sea of markdowns taken in womens apparel this morning! Over 40 fixtures of clearance in womens. Get over here!
silly me. my bulls would never let me down.
So glad to hear it! Today is #4sqDay if you want to swing by and earn another badge :)
Do you have an opinion about Zoom H1 audio recorders? I'm looking for a modestly priced recorder.
Agreed! Bad idea RT More parking mentioned as a benefit to relocating Beer Fest to Meridian? You should not be driving to Beer Fest.
I think it's in, internet marketing
RT : Apparently the whole news room discovered 's Twitter account. Tomorrow's paper should be interesting.
I fucks with the rain..
I can't wait t
COMIC SANS!!!!
We'd love to help! Just shoot us a quick e-mail w/ some more deets & we will look into it!
Thanks for the referral. would love to talk to you about mobile ux. What are you looking to do. DM me.
Shes selfish n jealous from low self esteem. We R supposed to care about shyt like that n ASK.
#Bees create complete proteins (just like humans) by obtaining amino acids from pollen from multiple plant species.
Excellent idea
No I havent i was going to but there was an accident and i couldn't make it to London but I hope I can go there someday
one of the contestants is in a wheelchair. is ryan murphy just TRYING to recreate his own show?
yeah, why not? hahaha :D
STAT is in Beast Mode.
I think I'm in love.. I just downloaded 's album and it's quite amazing!
Pretty sure MXMW is the dream endgame for , considering they added a tech/culture forum this yr
Way to go Red Wings! 4-1 win over the LA Kings -Kristin Burns
Finished first ep of new factual series, Off the Grid...
I've gotten to the point that I mainly watch NatGeo and Military channels now.
Beautiful, incredible singing today, DV (as usual). Hugs from J & J...
This #lockedupabroad episode is something else! People when traveling keep an eye on your carry on!!!!
Photography is a major force in explaining man to man. ~Edward Steichen
So if the show #WalkingDead did a halloween episode, what would that look like?
I find the idea behind Thea Harrison's next book fascinating. #5 in paranormal rom series revisits couple from
Finally omw home from #Work my lil size 4 feet hurt :/
that God raised him from the dead you shall be saved romans 10:9
you dont think ceramic teddy bear is a suitable representation of my self?
I "secretly" love when my sister pins baby stuff all over !!! :)
Nothing says summer quite like a watermelon! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
imho not offended #badjoke I think he wants to move on, not give #Limbaugh "more oxygen" tho panel needs more estrogen
whats been up!!!
Forget no cheering in the press box. Who wouldn't love seeing Ricky Bobby aka Kurt Busch win today?
Thanks for the follow good sir. What's new with you?
Confession #1... I'm insecure :( I'm don't think I'm pretty enough for the world..
Knowledge talks, wisdom listens.
What about us hoarders who already have OCD? We keep everything... In alphabetical order.
You won't have to get go "high" to see 's #schwingit tonight. Get to by 700pm tonight!
Stop by the booth #1503 at 12:30 for a presentation entitled, " Mobility - Sybase" & you could win a $25 gift card
I know! Me too! Its gonna be amazing! I can't wait!! :D
Had fun in Burlington with family. Kim's party today was nice. Bummed I missed my cousins graduation. Now off to the beagle house pool.
Yes, when there's zero snow on the ground & a bus takes twice as long 2 get somewhere as it normally would due 2 reroute.
indeed. You've not been unfollowed by me. Where are you working?
Sick, I wana #husky dog!
Good luck to you A.J in your travels, and i'll be looking for you in your next TV show! Criminal Minds is not going to be the same now!
whats your all time favorite movie maxine
Nobody at Adobe yet. They're all at Media Motion Ball.
One item can make life so much easier ;)
MT : The problem with being on Twitter is that I know when I'm missing awesome things. Like the lu'au. Guava Hawaiian ice?!
Don't tell anyone, but I kinda like Nicki Minaj.
I'm so proud of myself for having basic middle school/high school knowledge and passing the test for the hospital job.... I'm a GENIUS!
Apparently your knowledge of 80s pop music is also pretty thin.
Live-tweeting drinks with , &
: It's getting warmer during the day, don't leave your canine companion out in the heat! Bring them into camp to play in our Doggie Pools!
o which session were you at? Would love to hear about the altlookup solution
The courtroom feels like an icebox!
I've seen the WETA guide to breakfast in DC! It made me wish I were rich and could eat breakfast all day.
When creeps come strolling into work
I agree. We'd also have the "best damn" business leaders in the world too, but we obviously don't.
Funny? Funny how? Name's Jay, nice to meet you.
I only wish I knew!
#Photo Flashback: Eileen Ivers @ #Milwaukee Irish Fest 2008 - www.theconcertstage.com/ivers2008.html
Oh, thanks for the follow.
give me a call tomorrow I'm trying to pass football again
Constance: "I questioned my sanity when I first found out. But this house, this house will make you a believer."
Tipping my cap! RT : 2 yrs ago I was told I might never walk again. Just WALKED off plane in Indy to play in The
My favorite animal is steak. ~Fran Lebowitz
M ... pizza on the grill tonight. Italian chicken, fresh moz, artichoke & roasted red pepper. Can't wait!
you're so cool "#pilotseason" - just kidding thanks for the hi. Hope the weathers nice in LA..rain here
Whoa on the Will Rhymes
Spa ME saying.... "Happy Labor Day!"
Just saw on CNN #MittRomney kissing off African Americans. Why, Mit?
just good to catch up with family talk about the good old days and party like its the first event I ever attended
F-A-I-L Fail...couldnt find u...
Ugh, I think I'm coming down with a cold..
My favorite is the Turkish get-up. Because it's called the Turkish get-up.
omg, lucky! D:
TOMORROW NIGHT: film screening of "Call & Response", a documentary on the reality of human trafficking, in the Heights Room at 7PM
'Magic Mike': At EW's photo shoot
Nikola Pekovic named 3rd Most Improved Player in the NBA! Go Timberwolves!
Regular meeting tonight at 8 pm on Leavey 3. Who's excited?
Most definitely, which perhaps motivates my urge to send people to it so the Landmark will keep it around another week.
I can't stop tweeting about
Happy New Year, Ana. I hope that 2012 is all u hope it 2b!!
I don't know but he only does parades and special events like the Halloween and Christmas party thing
Sweely Winery has 30% off all wine.
haha I watched that today!!:D
was dev 4 right?
Heydrich says court should be "careful" about "picking" at something that is going to be "so important to the community"
Happy monday! Only 4 days until Friday!!
Often times I catch myself wishing the year was 1977 and I am best buddies with Elvis Costello.
Scott is one lucky man ..:)
Duck face extrodinaire! :oP
is a loser and hates Weingarten. Especially her ovaries.
safe house is legit. I'm sad you didn't like drive as much as I did. The wedding is oct. 13th. Be there or be square. Love you
CARPET BOMB!
I'm ugly.
Bridesmaid dresses, check! Done & done :)
Thanks to for having one of the best booths at !!! I loved you!!!
6 more 'till 100 followers? #MAHOMIES4EVER TREND IT FOR
I did, what's the deal with that? I was in the excellent lot c, now I have to park in g for the playoffs!
We are in #Downtown #SanJose today! Don't miss out on a chance to eat The Food of Champions! We all know how healthy #ahi and #salmon is!
U all do the same I'm going 2 b Chi-town bound in about 2 hrs :D RT : #hilarious yall have a good week.
BEST. MOVIE. EVER!!!!
Work from 1to 9 then off to #figure8 wit and my fellow #sockets :))
should of got a double
I desperately need my hair done.
70 campuses? Misleading, again. It's 23 institutions, most 2-year. In Utah, 136,000 students in public institutions.
#NP: cheers (drink to that)
Hugh S/O to for always holding me down with the shout outs n respecting the grind I appreciate u homie!!!
me too! haha
TONIGHT! Acme Comedy Theatre at 8PM. Be there!!! Krystyna's Making a Fool of Herself at the Acme Comedy Theatre!
Word! ": #Scorpio can see through fake or false fronts as if they have on x-ray glasses"
- I appreciate the Retweet <<<<<
Making rush hour traffic worse will not win #occupysd support.
Fair enough. I like your attitude!
Seth Kahan from is talking about the future of printing HME on 3D printers at 10% of the cost at
Thank you for sharing!
It's Restaurant Week in Brooklyn... heading to Atlantic Ave to enjoy the last couples of nights of great food, low prices and wine wine wine
Is there a way to cheer you on that won't cause diss-topic flashbacks?
Hi to your Mom. Have fun in NYC. :-)
They be having that guap, tho. And I need that.
Live life to the fullest. If you can't get in trouble for it, it probably isn't worth doing.;D
After 2 months & 2 hours on the phone I have finally received a credit from on an erroneous charge, w/ no help from either
Great company! Thanks!
let me ask you guys this? Why in the world is Ron arrest still allowed in the league?
agree. never abandon, but brands need to forge deeper. Push/Pull vs Push focus...
I'll keep it simple.
what a great night at good old pump it up....
Roasting is an art and a science. . . Learn more at our Dinner this Wednesday ft a 4 course coffee dinner!
I still don't have a problem with you. Just don't speak to me/about me.
it's about time
Seems like interest in Steve Ott is holding up progress on players like Paul Gaustad.
I just signed up, thanks for the help (we'll need it)!
hopefully not rain
Retweet If you want Justin Bieber or Selena Gomez to follow you !! <3
a girl can be nice to a point you fuck wit her man and her money she gone flip her wig
Thankful for another work day!
Lessons learned about elephants: they are punctual and fast creatures.
not too much, went into town and had to get my tire fixed, it had a nail in it and was almost flat, then just relaxed
Rainy days on the trolley are the worst! Everything gets soaked... But at least I don't have to sit in traffic!
horrible fan base
I might be missing something, but I just open the lid on my macbook and it's online. How does adding a phone to the mix help me?
How about 200 followers by Opening Day of LSP!? RT please!
Now watching Garden State. There are so many just really deep scenes in this movie Great Story scripting Cinematography never gets old
Roses were a "no show" at the Rose Garden during last year's Rose Festival...different story this year. Next on 11pm
I'm not an adventurous eater. My mom ate pickled pig's feet for lunch; I had to hold down the vomit. #grossfoods #pleasedon'teatinfrontofme
remember when bravo showed independent movies?
If you are prepared, then you are able to feel confident.
Dude, great to see you down in Australia...hit me back...
Seriously, if he had invested even $2 million, he could live off the interest.
The war is over!!!
STOP broadcasting private sideline talks on the radio.What's next are you gonna film our walk throughs & broadcast them on tv?Hoody
Yes I did. Just got to my hotel. Good seeing u,...we will plan a more "fun" night next time
As an FYI to those in #Chicago, I just confirmed that the Sprint network is indeed down here in much of the city.
Abolish death penalty, but thank God Breitbart's dead & we should have let Cheney die <--------- only in la la liberal land
Nauseated, tired, grumpy, pain, etc. Not a good start to a very long wk
Girls: Give and forgive. Guys: Get and forget.
Excited 2 see former colleagues & friends + meet a bunch of new ones this wknd thx to + local TV 4 sponsoring
People who don't read books just don't understand me
OMG, so sad. Prayers.
Physicality, tactility. I can't forget/ignore it easily like I can bits on my hard drive. It's annoying- usefully
sounds good!
YES!!! It's home brew night at the White House!!!! My favorite is the Islamic Pale Ale. Joe's favorite is the Kennedy Special (19% alcohol).
dude I'm from Kentucky and don't even think that's funny. Yet. I think you're hilarious. Can u take that 1 back?
Kelsey. \mm/ It just makes me miss my girlfriends. </3
that's was great
cant wait to play "How To Love" with tomorrow!!!
"hay harry , i love you , will you marry me ?"
Finished the essays, church this morning, then a midterm & yardwork. Looking forward to the on 9/7 and 9/8
thanks baby *kisses*
Yes, but it's a HOT MESS!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Randy -- just have to figure it all out.
you are welcome! Hope you are having fun!!
After a male bee mates with the queen, his member breaks off and he dies
Everyone check out Amelia sanders on YouTube
Jill, will I see you at the summit this week?
Soulmate love heals people while it stamps out loneliness and brings so much more happiness.
<ahem> not only IS it a sex thing, sir, its practice is the leading cause of non-cosmetic anal bleachings in the country!
Beltway is not your happy place this Friday AM... Inner CRAWLING from BWPkwy to LandoverRd #DCTraffic Crash in the left lane
Look at things not as they are, but as they can be. Big thinkers visualize what can be done in the future. They aren't stuck in the present.
It's your chance for some great
FUCK YA Cape Surf Core Board Shop!
Can't get the taste of Budweiser out of my mouth. #notthebest Lara, get someone to fix that.
just went skateboarding with all day.
MarketMeSuite is a great social media tool!
Big Sur, come back.
banana cinnamon makes me smile...and feel a little mischievous
Just watched the #BOYFRIENDvideo uhm... I just had an orgasim from looking at the tv LOL but anyways LOL is out tommarow!
Hope it hit you hard. Just sayin.
Welcome to the weekend.
Whereupon we both lamented our negligence in not rearing up a numerousprogeny to help us in this day of need
I always order things that are white chocolate... I think it's because I love white women with booties
ah such love and sweetness from you!
may day assist the families of fallen police in the line of duty. RT us plz
RT : Whatever you enjoy, you improve. Enjoy where you are, and suddenly where you are has more value.
I've heard Konz's When it comes to singing Creed, he's a great O-lineman. Hope #dirtybird is better.
When you say "don't look" everyone looks. but when you say "look" no one does."
Introducing Whisk Reputation. Professional Yelp and social media feedback management. Would you be interested?
haven't eaten all day :O
easy killer!
Twitter fail!
Lay me down and tell me everthing will be alright.
Human-centric narratives are just easier to understand than abstract systemic theorizing, period.
Going to go eat apple jacks for breakfast see you later, and please follow if your looking for someone to follow!!! Bi Bi
How I love the East Coast but dread the jetlag when I return back to Cali. Livin' through it right now!
We are extremely proud to announce a major milestone for : 3000 clients served in Philadelphia since July!
both teams were warned.
Yes...but Kraft loves winning and turning a profit, not just winning. He loves that Bill brought him home playoff games!
Everything is a lie until it's proven to be the truth.
Why am I still up? Time for bed
I see lol
Out here at Mound and Wilson where 81 year old man was shot while inside his home...well have latest at 11
hey girlfriend
"How could it be?..She wrote her number down, it's here in front of me..Don't understand..She must have told me a lie..I wonder why?"
Same to you!
i dont know how to work with this shit. its so confusing
Can't wait to finish shopping so I can settle down on my couch!
Hey folks.
i'm glad that I finally got to see you too! #itsbeentoolong AND I get to red you wednesday?!
...oh yeah I'm sleepy
if knows what's good for him Buffalo will be a stop. #dontmesswithme :) Just kidding Jack <3 you!
Yes! LOVED the books! They did a much better job of sticking to the books LAST season, still enjoying , though!
"OMG ARE YOU OK!?!?" "yeah fine! I just like bleeding for fun!"
Thinking of the day , when you went away.
Congratulations! I know I recruited a few of them. :) Couldn't happen to a nicer website. Yeah!
the mirror?
The weekend is here let's PARTY w/ some #FF tweeters!
Semester, myself and many other girls would love the chance to camp out to feel that thrill but we honestly can't! I understand...
Working on a Nigerian accent. Listening to some funny freakin nigerian comedians on youtube:)
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
This is why I hate the #nba Knicks won't get a call this whole series. I guess NBA execs and officials have the #heat in Vegas
Hm.... I'm not btl RT : Pure ice. RT : I wonder of Dani blackberry icy or poo
Nice 2 have #madmen 2 fill the gap left by #thewalkingdead. When Game of Thrones starts back up, I will be in hog heaven. Yes, hog heaven.
Happy Birthday Abs
ReStore recycles home improvement goods in Siouxland - Sioux City Journal
I will eat your heart whole
Laying down on the kitchen counter like a rebel. I will not stand for another home made meal. I want fast food!
Register and pay before Dec 24th and be entered to win a free iPad2!
Order sent to Jennifer in NJ!
Sounds great! Shine responsibly!
Gonna miss not being at the in a few months If you have never been, iT is one Hell of a Networking Event
it's always something.
they are pretty overrated, in my expert taco opinion.
How can we resist this RT? RT : no prob! thanks for being awesome!
Don't hold your breath for gas prices to come down. Always an excuse...Summer blends, Nigerian oil minister sneezed, etc.
Happy Mother's Day, Meach!!!
don't wanna go to school today!!!!!!!!
Meeting with Sven our composer on Thursday to listen to his interpretation of Tringled. With much anticipation!
can't wait for my birfdayyyyy a week from today
How you a shoe store n can't tell me the name of a certain shoe I know you have
Good morning yall! Looks like its going 2 b a great day
The beauty within you inspires a melody of love...
fly me out and I'm down :)
you don't have any ladies sizes or I would! U should consider doing some 'print to order' ones in ladies sizes.
I saw two black people in West Virginia
Romnesia: Forgetting Romney saved the Olympics with a bailout from the U.S. government.
#thingsisaidinthe90s goo goo ga ga. Yea i was a baby.
Saw this earlier today! I thought it was a painting, amazing...
3 all-ins to me after an unpaired flop. I have nut club flush draw, HAD to call. No club. No club. Ugh don't spend all my $ in 1 place, guy!
did you make a beard out of Andy's old hair? ;)
Just went past 200 twitter followers! Thanks to everyone for the support!
#SCTOP10 #Mariners Michael Saunders go-ahead GS vs #BlueJays in 10th. 1st career Grand Slam in Home Country.
Minecraft Tutorial Rain Garden In Minecraft - landscape architecture
RT : Hey somebody is making really bad things about you...
(now ) iPhone app just alerted me that my flight was at the gate. My flight from last Saturday, that is. Oops.
So many emails...not sure where to start responding. So tempting to just hit "Select All" send to "Junk" mail. Stupid morals stopping me.
SO CALL ME MAYBE
Have you seen this Theory Test??!!
I bet the guy who invented the calculator must have really hate the guy who invented math.
drunk? I won't judge. :) Just kidding.
Rt you can delete tweets/messages all you want but theres a thing called screen cap mothafuckaaa.
So we have the late early lrnchatters!
Does of you who say your on oovoo with ROC kk fine we don't wanna kno stop makin some of us who don't have him as an oovoo friend Jelly !
will or could send me a birthday card for my birthday on November 23rd?
sping cleaning on friday. stoked!?. sorta.
Much agreement! I plan on taking many more trips there while it's still around . . .
... and now to think of good things ... the weekend is almost here.
Ugh. Caltrain is packed this morning.
GovWalker is doomed w/RECALL. NO other explanation 4rush 2 pass radical legislation thru now. Most will/be negated w/DemGov
thanks dear! How was Gatlinsburg?!
whoa! leland palmer is swamp thing?! revelation...
Nora, I can explain the apparent contradiction
thanks Back at cha!
Studies indicate that the best time to do social media for exposure is in the morning ... which begs the question: Why are we here now?
BUZZ CUT or COMB-OVER? NO ONE Can Ever Tell On A Comb-over! Just Ask Any Fella That Has One! Where's Them Clippers?!? ;)
thanks ladies! Such a fun night!!! :)
Math is so stupid. Like shut up
If you're in NY and still goin on and on about this gay marriage shit in North Carolina.... #YouProbablyKnowWhatDickTastesLike #TooSoon?
With WIN Catalog, readers can discover hundreds of thousands of "Additional Titles" beyond their library's collection #PLA12 Booth 818
u were in my dream last night. You were really nice to me so i knew it was a dream lol
These play off games are great!!
It feels good to sit on your ass and get money....I hate working for it
my friends and I are interested in doing the Cortlandia. Is it a run or is it like an adventure trail?
#Hart! Time for the long ball.
We've partnered with bands, labels & indie artists for nearly 20 years make more $$ at the merch table. It's what we do. Hit us!!
i like the way i spelled his name :/
Men's Warehouse tries desperately to be younger with hats. I can only assume they got it wrong, as I, too, am fashion-clueless.
#Whitneycnn "Change Had to Come" Long time coming...
Ahahha we are on now
go away
your very welcome
most likely he'll be in jail all summer at least.. i may get some money too :)
who else likes austin's new icon?(;
What is that- is it a part you are playing? or are you in school?
Awesome! #GEEBZ RT : Saw a outfit at the #JDRF #WalkWithTom outing on Saturday. Very cool stuff.
Peters: "Of course I'm disappointed, but I'm still glad that I raised awareness that Honda is no longer the great brand that it used to be."
Threw up 37 times on my zero g flight. I'm not a prime candidate. LOL!!
Blue skies, sun out and nice cool weather, MIA you gotta appreciate this weather
What's going on Saturday?
He has a motorcycle for that.:)
I love those moments you wish that time would just stop but everything else kept going.
Should I claim all social/web domains using the term "The Mancision" or has Rick Reilly beat me to that joke already?
I would do so many naughty things to you.
she did sign to emi
JASMINE IS DOING THIS #RANDOM :P
ur so strange
I used to have more luck with Neutrogena, but now that I'm on limited allergy meds I can't wear anything again.
Lord, what shall I do now to reach my goals & dreams? I know I must maintain my health so I can ride the sunbeams.
Survived another 3/15 corporate deadline. How did the rest of ny fellow #CPA tweeps make out? :-)
Hyperexstended my arm at practice... again.
What's up
Annoyed I'm watching American idol right now because of 's cryptic tweet earlier
Calling me ugly, fat, etc.
It feels so gud 2 be able 2 go cash a check I had ova a week #Blessed!
Which baby-faced Hollywood star is the next big thing in horror? announcing an awesome new program at 9am est. Stay tuned!
Living The Fox & Hound Dream...
The way Bobby V was running his mouth in spring training makes this win even better.
I am who I am, and I love that about me, if you don't I really couldn't care less! Your approval, isn't needed in this situation
Yakoke, , , , and especially my favorite twitter feed,--I heart y'all.--
I'm so happy to have this job, but I do miss going to the library and stalking you :)
bun with egg rolls!
Happy B-Day Saintly Wife. Regards to Nibbles too. RT Hey twitter, how about a birthday shout-out to Saintly Wife?
I'm ready mother f--ker
I agree
Banged up from kissing the floor at work Thursday but otherwise good.
Saw Avengers (her idea) and made bacon wrapped chicken and various homemade sides for wife (mothers day). Huge success.
Good #OpeningDay! Can't wait to go tomorrow's game! Early to bed... Gotta get up early in the morning. Night, night #Ranger fans!
Several reads, darling.
Some streets near West Allis city hall are already closed for Neo-Nazi event.
Actually was fairly painless once inside the About 15 mins. The line outside was brutal though...now back to work!
I think the Purple Faithful would give Spielman an A of this was the result RT : Kalil/Jeffery
hah no shit. Where you at my boy?
nothing says efficient like announcing after FED RT : After Fed investigation, FL announces own investigation w Trayvon killing
Thanks, Tracy! Happy weekend, y'all.
hi. EVERYONE should follow because she's amazing and because I love her and because i'm procrastinating like a bitch. yep <3
We do not see things as they are, we see them as we are.
they are not calling ANYTHING inside- Gaddy getting abused and no call. not that it matters...
Don't catch feelings for me.... Cause ima step out the way and let that shit hit the floor. -__- Fuck yo fake ass feelings
I am 's bitch, and always will be. (;
U welcome
Nice to see the grumpy old man quota was recently filled on Twitter. Welcome
last final: complete. it's summer, bitches.
Thx for following. Are you guys responsible for the great fireworks after the Tribe games in Cleveland?
The venue I am at is like 1 lady per every 25 males. Plethora of penis and lack of labia I say.
Me and my kids loved in Mr. Popper's Penguins. They got it for Chrismas on DVD. #MilkThroughNose funny! Good stuff, man.
hey cheese lovers! what flavor is everyone snacking on today? obsessing over seseme crisps dipped in sabra's eggplant dip! #cantgetenough!
Compiling subscribers to our offers. Deadline today (may extend some!)
We will bring the edibles!!
I'd like a refund.
you were right, I started squealing as soon as started singing. They are amazing! My new love. <3
Anytime. Yours is the alternate spelling of my name that most often ends up on my Starbucks cup. I feel a solidarity somehow.
looking through a magazine in el Salvador.. It said he was the new bieber and I got mad. Ha I don't care for the biebs anymoree
I've been so productive today!
Come to AZ and run the show at point, play with a ton of talent, hang with a ton of female talent of the court and go to final 4
Is 2GB's Alot Of Internet.?
Thanks #att and #nokia for the free rides at
I just added you to a girly party list on a sat in April. There will be no worked discussed. Just purses! :)
We've given to the Kevin Hellman Benefit Fund early and often.
This weeklong stint of slothfulness and gluttony needs to die.
great job with fitness karma at
Cooking tip: Just add more butter.
RT 6-day weekend was awesome. Back to the swing of things. Work, caring about my diet again, exercise. Yep.
#1FactAboutMe I just want to be loved.......
so we got a ton of work done yesterday, it's starting to really come together. THANKS GUYS! The opening day is in six days.... WOAH!
aw thanks, but it's true.
That awkward moment a kid wants to watch your favorite movie but you know how inappropriate it is!!
What's scary is how many of our "representatives" just don't care about women and their rights, or even logic & facts.
mike - since when are you tweet savvy! I'm lovin it!
It's a great day to be home!! Lots of errands, and unpacking. Oh.... And the gym!!
One trillion dollars could buy a lot of salt. One trillion dollars and I'll buy myself a malt
Thanks new followers!
boyfriend grading papers. shirtless. i'm not allowed to molest him. i can't wait to teach a class of my own so i can pay him back for this!
no doubt
Thanks and for having me in today !
thanks though(:
Join me on the air in 10 minutes! 1010AM Tampa Bay Sports Central. Learn Secret to a hot, happy relationship!
FBCD MAJOR NEWS OUT!!!
Congrats! 2011 AA Juco Showcase participant ": Tyler Larson (6-3) of Casper College has committed to South Dakota"
hanging with my big little guy Logan at the movies..love the $3 cinema $7 for us 2 get in..$14 for a popcorn n a coke..theater rape
will do at 3:15, sad.
If your child knows every song on the radio but can't spell RADIO then you ass a parent need your ass whooped then you can kill yourself.
BTW, the last Tweet's photo is courtesy of Brian Lawson, longtime Arizona resident and friend of Fairways + Greens. Obviously.
they overdo it. cause they think that's the trend now
I like this band and i like rock.
they're prob trying to make a hive place-I kept finding them inside for 2days-the last day we had 12 in the livingroom
Did a 20 min arms circuit after work, no running today, legs are just to sore from yesterday. Poker time
You are irreplaceable and irresistible. Together we'll make this unbreakable.
still won't be "special" enough to win a title. Too many individuals... Not enough team players.
Lakers or Nuggets? Which one are you rooting for?
Please, oh please, drive the truck up to Boston this summer! We have a booming food truck scene!
I may have just shed a tear for the Graphic Design folks :') Best mistake of a university major ever!
External success factors: weather, local preschool/daycare activities, conflicting community activities.
Sleepover with she fell asleep on me:/
Radical obedience.
If you don't have it and don't want it, you'll be required to buy it for someone else.
yup rofl
I saw him at South Beach Miami beach he was at South pointe park
We have our Nail Tech in today!! Call and book your mani/pedi! ^____^
#inmiddleschool I said no to drugs, #inhighschool drugs said no to me
Give me your Tumblrs! I follow everyone lol
As a person who works for traditional art, I was very touched to see such a show, which so exquisitely reflects our inner world.
I'll be there! RT : So excited to attend #IHOW with our rising star on November 2!
It is going to be a strange night personally ... first Tuesday night I don't gig since July + election night. Hope to play on Recall night.
i know the feeling...
One girl had me thinking crazy,looking at me like she wanted to rape me
wtf! #RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
you know you love the shameless pursuit. I imagine that pillow was a little less verbal than I tend to me.
thanks, thought so. #sqlrally made me realize ppl didn't know what talk was about
Just got off work...bored hmu
JERMAINE!!! Love him!
Don't miss Pi Chi Week 2011! Starts this MONDAY!! :)
Currently brewing while watching Kindergarten Cop. I love my job.
Okay, I'm done!
If you want to learn about the UWM Content Mgmt System, we have documents & tutorials in the Training Resources at www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
The Pittsburg Penguins are unstoppable. So dangerous!
A Relationship
Hawks 2nd unit is better than their 1st - Joe Johnson is not a super star neither is Josh Smith
aw <3 I LOVE YOU!!! "WELCOME TO THE GRILLED CHEESE ACADEMY"
You're so crazy! You were great! You are a strong pinay! That's why chose you silly! <3
my favorite burgers ever!
so I think the fight's over now. they're happy.
When refs basically change the game from a bad call <<<<<<<<<
jessica said hi too and good well not the dizziness part
Joel.Ant tho I still dont know how he made it to the
Is Braun's Saturday trot (>23 seconds) significantly slower than his others? I missed it, but sounds like he seemed hampered.
I think for myself, don't just listen to others.
sure thing. how can i reach her??
So glad I'm working today
basketball, football, and rugby players
now Tyson was a MAN & he took on everybody. Floyd use to be that way but now it's just $$$$
boo hoo. You skin is as thin as his.
june 6 I think it's a wed.
the pillows weren't worth 3,5 hours of waiting, Noodles (the band) was ok. My steak was the best part of the evening - absolutely perfect!.
you welcome.
going to friends house
What?! So sad! Louis Vuitton burns their unsold merchandise so it won't be sold at a discount.
for realz! And you told me the good places to go!
Yeah, it's a bitch when you cross up your Twitter accounts.
Hi everybody! Guess who's FINALLY 14? -Shariah
welcome to Twitter!
hanging with blue eyes. yyyeh:)
I'll take him!
Trying to study at Anondyne with Bayview's knitting society talking about bitch slapping people behind you, is pretty friggin pointless!
If you could meet any one person (from history or currently alive), who would it be?
You hurt me in many ways but today u have broken my heart & trust ;( </3 never hurt the heart that loves u :(((
Likewise. I'm hooked on it, I now get annoyed if I'm on a computer without it :)
1st stage of follow widget bug fixed: those lost are reinstated (yey!). Those who followed since will appear soon. Apologies to all.
Ray Ray had nothing on you in that dance battle you KILLED IT!
I swear, this fandom has A+ stalking skills !
First handfull of bands announced: Danzig, PUBLIC ENEMY, Girls, Hot Snakes
Now if I can get a nice Denver pic to replace the Austin one for my updated profile...
Your Brady hate is getting unhealthy.
Congratulations! So excited for you!
how do I add a bookmark to my iPad homescreen?
Made it safe and sound! Thanks to everyone who prayed!!! :-D
what about Cleveland in August
thanks for the invite
I laugh every time I see you pin something under "black people"
Ron Paul's NO ONE BUT PAUL money bomb breaks two million dollars!
Kory Quinn plays at home in Southeast Portland during a recording session for the American Music Preservation Project.
#Alabama's game plan in the 2nd half is kneel down 3 times & punt out of bounds. With #LSU specals teams out of the game they can't score.
That means SO much :-)
What time are you going? I don't get off work until 7.
Orange county ny
#keep it!
Cano is great at everything he does... Double!!
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestions: A bludgeon or some sort of blunt object patted into the palm of big angry man, a rampage through NC
"non-preachy vegan", I like it
oh a kangaroo reference?
anyone have advice on a good diagnostic for wordpress sites to seek out and find malware?
Was on a date last night... how did it go...?
possibly the best breakfast ever - say Hi to Wanda, she's the amazing owner
it would mean the world to me if you told me happy 17th birthday!!!! <3 lovee you
Because is so cute and his eyes & smile is so beautiful the girl who calls you (her's) is very lucky!<3
If you are into Post-Apocalyptic Zombie, fantasy, romance or crave a good storyline, "The Forest of Hands & Teeth" should please!
how's the talk so far?
Thanks for RT. Any pre- theatre Alexandria restaurant recommendations for our patrons?
She's a rich girl Buying all the clothes Wrist full of gold You already know She's a rich girl Yeah, she's got cash Pocket so thick. <3
I'm in the car it's loud. I'll call u when I get home
Happy hour till close. The crew is rockin the bar full force. Happy Friday and Cheers
Very tough. I did not want this going to a Game 7
Whack ass dreams.
...in this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world. John 16:33
These were all separate occasions, mind you. Now if only my mind would stop racing and I could sleep.
but in order for this non-industrial, cushion-supplied, book-filled heaven to be complete happiness, there MUST be coffee ;)
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope. Winston Churchill
New cars a gem.
Welcome new pals to #FF Happy #Friday!
Hi there! Thanks for your RT :)
I try to see good in everyone. Be blind to d faults of others. It brings peace in ur life,things don't change,So change d way u look at them
VLC no longer available!?! for IOS Devices! RATS!!
I have the iPad, it's the best invention ever. I'm looking for something to replace my Macbook pro though. :(
RT : Career Daze today at CSU Stanislaus: Meet 30+ employers, incl. Aerotek, Bronco Wine, City of Modesto, and county schools....
Todd Long Florida up against Grayson - www.toddlongforcongress.com
if either of you ever look like a potato then i am a malnourished troll
thanks for the retweet and congrats on the great new song!
me neither
i've got an invite to both for you if you want it?
": "Fuck" is definitely my favorite language enhancer." Agreed!
I love you the MOST WIN or LOSE, like said #NO PROBLEMS!!! YOU Freakin ROCK BABAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
immunological response to food can trigger both migraine & IBS. Dairy, wheat, soy, egg = most common
Vibe released a version 2.0 just in time for May Day! It's much improved. Really great. Available for iOS and Android.
When we begin to see people as God does, we'll no longer look at them as enemies, but as souls in need of grace. RT
Bobby Duvall is such a badass he even made "Days of Thunder" worth watching.
Killer brunch sandwich! Whole wheat toast, egg whites cooked in a bit of EVOO, fresh pesto, touch of mayo, and sharp white cheddar. m
Im feeling really sad...
#shamrickShake hell yea!
We love you, Amanda.
the boys r pretty
I've been listening to 96 Tears on replay
The Wanted performing in The Voice! <3
Giants want this more
Redesign Alert: Dropbox (new photo viewer and file management improvements)
that's why we're friends. Lol
haha -- not sure yet, but will find it and let you know!
Have a good April Fool's Joke? Tell us about it!
I need to get to work on my ed session proposals ASAP or they will never get finished. Mission for the week. :)
Tuesday, day of new releases! Beast Coast and Beach House, Squarepusher, Cribs and Green Pajamas to name a few!
Hey! Free idea Microsoft. Instead of me typing out a backward cryptic 25 character DLC key, use kinect and scan a QR code that you give me.
no ma'am it's st Beauty Ballroom not
shift in personal interactions in education - face to face is complementing online classrooms. Boettcher
Teething. It is loud.
If you get a chance, Kuma's Corner in Chicago, a metal bar with awesome beer and the city's best burgers.
On the surface this chandler parsons vs Kevin Durant matchup seems to favor the thunder
#fox13gmm the suspense is killing me!! 10 min to go!!! It better be amazing & not just hype!!
Hoping that maybe she will like the nice guy for once
Davis sq smells like red bones right now! I'm so hungry!!!!
She's got a sunshine smile, the kind that makes you forget again
Finals! New school! Get my car fixed! & Mothers day!!!
I am thinking, coconut milk, perhaps making a sambal too
Great ideas, thank you for sharing them!! Have a great day!!!
Nipple pierced next friday.
It wouldn't matter, 'cause we're always
oh wow. Well that's cute :) & yes ma'am I am. Proud too<3
I hope you have a great shoot!
I'm rocking a pair of for my #3LeafClover music video! They are the bomb! Love them!
i dont believe none of the shit he tells me,yet i stick around.
I was hoping for a Starbucks card for Teacher Appreciation week but I got something almost better Famous Daves!!
In Haiti, a mid-wife is called 'sage femme'. Translation: wise woman.
Settle a bet: A 3 Musketeers bar is or isn't filled with chocolate nougat?
To unify all of your artwork on a wall, frame all of the pieces in the same style and color.
We're lookin for some #Oscars predictions!
Time to start getting ready for church ; I love our worship there, it's so amazing!
I just read 4 articles recommended to me on - never realized how great of a content purveyor it was!
Gotcha. (And yes, you were proven right. Heck, you always are right, anyway. ;-)
Hi Sweetie how are you? RT : Good morning! :)
I hate smokers.
Paradise is - jogging in an urban winter wonderland after the #blizzard, Hip on the ipod. Wearing team gear helps #caps fan cred too.
Must....get....up... and get ready for school
VERY cool video! Keep checking MyCSU this semester for more videos featuring club sport athletes! GO RAMS!
Smokin a very special bowl for you
When is happy hour at the S. Philly Cantina?
Never thought I'd say this, but my shoulder is sore from playing Badminton. What?
Before and after party for IgniteATL is at the Georgia Aquarium...doors and bar open promptly at 6:30!
Shout out to double R doing his Thanh tonite
Come in for good food & leave in a good mood!
The Emergency Alert System keeps popping up. I hate tornados!
I think so, alas.
Thanks for the RT! Whether it's sunny & warm or rainy & cold, the La Jolla coastline always has something beautiful to offer.
we think it's a combination of both. It's also disillusionment. There have been many plans, promises and no results for decades.
I think it already might be.
Why? Why, you ask? RR dropped my pepperoni hot pocket during prep. Must I explain further?
Thanks, but it's something we shouldn't have to have to worry about. Such a tragedy. So wrong.
Maverick (the abused and neglected rescued weimaraner) is already a winner in our eyes!
You might be a musician if you are headed home for the night & the others waiting for the train aren't going home...they're going to work!
Timeless time: me talking on my phone while commuting to campus or in between meetings and classes
I got the drawing. Thank you it's on my fb profile. :)
Really? You sure about that? Saving Face wins Best Documentary Feature!
Just Go With It is so fun! A must see, especially if you liked 50 First Dates. Beautiful scenery of Hawaii and upbeat soundtrack.
that's my friend! :)
#3WordsForYou; "Baby Got Back."
RT : Speak out for the arts & arts education. Sign the Culture Counts petition!
you need to get more twitter savy thats why. haha. You are indeed following me now. :)
Bout time the bobcats won lol
Morn. 1st class down.
FYI: Now 8 of the 15 seats are spoken for at the Sat. April 7 #NOLAEats dinner at Borgne. RSVP required, no-shows will be given wedgies.
Cooper dealership in Ann Arbor to be acquired by Columbus, Ohio, dealer - Detroit Free Press
Never let others decide for you. You have your own will. Choose your happiness and what you love. It's your life you'd live with not theirs.
#15: Nice username & location :D tweet me more!
Death of Spy, Zipped Into Bag, Spawns Theories and Inquest - New York Times
he has a fundraiser this week so clooney must live haha
I hate it when your trying to type something and your cat walks onto the keyaq2sesdggh=jkt6trv.;u'
OMG I JUST WANT JUSTIN,.
I am the one from NJ! Went to college out in Indiana though.
have fun beating us at the Garden
Got a question for our small-biz consultants, Doug and Polly White? Send your Q to
When feeding more than one dog, always choose the dog that is the most calm and submissive to receive the food first
You're so sweet! Doing my best and blogging about the good and bad, mostly good though:)
We provide safe storage during lunch other down times, but they sign a waiver making them responsible.
I've been good my dear-just workin hard on a couple of projects and staying hater-free LOL
Khadim's name is on it!
#2012NBAPlayoffs = #76ers Stole Homecourt From #Celtics In A Dog-Fight Game And Tie Series Up * #OKC Destroy The #Lakers In Game 1 *
Thanks for the RTs! >
I was just asked "are you losing weight?"...oh this gym and low carb combo better be working!
It's not about being lucky. It's about being relentless.
Thanks to you as well for following.
RT : #bigdataweek kicked off nicely w/ #awsstartups & #bigdatalondon. Nice intro/refresh aws & gr8 speakers (Doug & Tim) at google
I don't have dance till 7:15, so if I don't drop it off then you can come over and pick it up sometime before that :)
Damn I just b looking at folks like damn I'm glad I look the way I look..cause it's hard out here..lol
nice to meet you too !
that's crazy man - pretty close to where I live... Heard Dickson got the worst of it
I just don't like yogurt. Never have... and it seems like every brand and flavor I try, the result is the same. Time to stop trying.
this may not be new news, but I just realized Dylan Baker is your profile pic. He is one of my favorite actors. Good on you.
It's clear that Cotto is fighting he's hungry.
Pumped to rock out tonight. Show starts at 10pm. Playing with great bands: and
we have! Love you guys!!
Roses are red, Violets are Blue..Miley Cyrus is to sluty for you:(
the funniest part is that she thinks she's a good driver lolol
Ur welcome & thanks for mine too hun! :)
ssoooo am im going to kick you in the head now ... or later??
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
!<==those ticket prices are crazy!
u got my contact still?
You can't change anyone. That person has to want to change for themselves. Most times, they don't know or understand that they can change
Packers down... JETS to go!!!
They shouldn't have caused the Indigenous genocide MT "We should have picked our own cotton!" -idiot racist comment on article
I do not enjoy driving drunks around! Lol
He's not mayor anymore.
Excited for the show tonight!
i know it sucks so r u buying one?
Why cant come to dc D: waiiiiii </3
RT : Im sure The dog gets the gravity of the moment. #Oscars #tweetroast though not as much as a heavier dog would.
ier Men on the other hand routinely have Bitchectomys , by their divorce attorneys
#GetAnXbox so it can break... Again.. Then #GetAnXbox... Again......
This is terrible... I have 6k+ unread email. Ugh.
it was AMAZING thank you for having him their he lighten up my day (:
Night number 2 in the STL.
#RelationshipsNowdays forever alone
All those fairy tales are full of shit.
You crack me up!! One of your funniest lines~He's so gay he farts glitter! #LOL "Big Fat Pussy" Cat line was up there too!
they weren't yelling in our game, they never had a chance too haha
I love this movie. I cry every time.
CNI - the Coalition for Networked Information - is now on Twitter
Glad I could be of help on more than one front. Which story was it?
Welcome to the home of #SB46! RT : Rain-freezing rain and sleet moving into western and southwestern Indiana now
The rain is expected by 10PM With temperatures around the 50s
: - happy birthday! Love you!
"...Tonight, the streets are ours..."
Omg hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. You're so perfect stevie lol
HI! What are your store hours on Easter Sunday?
Meanwhile, S&P's sovereign debt team miscalculated US debt by as much as $2tn when it downgraded America's credit rating last August
Interesting. Re-inventing the way election campaigns are run
Great Post Tami..
Family is where the heart is.
Im GOD Mf
so are we! now if it would only stop raining. Stop through our open house Sunday if you aren't busy :)
hello to a fellow Okie! I'm from Healdton, but moved to Milwaukee a few years ago.
Cell phone sizes: 1995-concrete block 2005-key chain 2012-thin concrete block
great to meet you too!
Specialty cupcake - Vanilla Snowball: Vanilla cake topped with choice of vanilla buttercream or chocolate buttercream. M!
Yes, that's the main reason I love Comcast. Their On Demand options can't be beat. Even if the damn DVR remote always sticks.
Before 2012 is over i am determined to meet and :)
Reading through Margaret Bourke-White's papers at Syracuse Univ, & I'm falling in love w/this tough, smart, trail-blazing photographer.
Welcome all new and returning team members to team KMC 2012!
I got an umbrella for you, come through...
WOW in that "modeling" pic, T-2 is the spitting image of
or maybe it was the bird flu. I don't remember. All I know is that I got really sick, really fast.
Hello Hello TikiDolls! The sun is shining in Miami! But where ever you are, don't let the weather determine your productivity! (:
Strategic, open-ended teams in museums resemble project mgmt structures, without the project to realize. Everyday collaboration.
Loved you in consert in Fairfax,VA this past weekend!!!! Best night of my life!! But I wanted #Supernatrual ;)
oh bull that was one time!
It's doing really well. No bad seats for this show. We'd be happy to help!
Thanks! I'm so glad you like it! Finding the right products takes time. Believe me, I know. I'm sure you will figure it out! :)
Foster-care reform to continue with settlement extension - Northwest Cable News
Neither did I!
Is the NVIDIA GT 530 a good graphics card?
Grand Opening today 10-7pm 110 Morningside NE. Don't miss out on the 15% discount ! Come see us for your favorite scents.
that's what i thought.
Daily Kos: The Geeks Should Inherit the World (Wide Web)
is looking for film crew members that are available to work Fantasy Fest in Key West, Florida from October 28 to 31, 2011. Please email me!
My job has been fun building this site from the street upward, I been in some hott spots gathering my footages. I'll be n da UK soon Sonia.
Playing Hotel Indigo (West End) with & tonight @ 7 PM!!!
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers in Sacramento, CA.
I love my right and my bff my sista thanks my
we're getting there! Very soon!!
I hope u get better sorry I couldn't tel u that earlier I had to help someone so I just wanted to say get well and I love u :)
Get ahold of a rubber fish and go as Cape Cod
Ba. Haha. Oh well, next time. Good job tonight, even tho u had certain style restrictions,meaning club wanting one thing.
Why's that?
When people constantly bring you up <
that sounds more difficult than necessary, but I respect the effort.
stay. because I need you.
I swear I had an orgasm when I saw iron mans car ;D
Where did you find that Marley juice?? :-)
Thanks for the reply you have a good sense of humor!
Wow, such a powerful voice.
We will begin accepting credit cards in the coming weeks! Stay tuned!
Can't believe I almost got fired when I was off the clock
amen..gloria a Dios..
Its already too late too. My mother was yelling at me and I missed my chance... :(
its 11:11 make a wish....my wish is for you to follow me:-) <3
: LOL to Cinco de Mayo but yes! We're long past due 4 a run! Let's try 4 next weekend
Nope. A few clouds
thanks for the follow! Love working with you :-)
is officially on NH ballot. Haters can go suck an egg.
very true! Incremental steps to the untilmate goal is key. In Organizational Behavior, we call this shaping and IT WORKS!
I use Chrome at home. Should use it at work, but I'm rebelling against MS AND Google. Fight the power!
don't duh me
as a student I work 30 hours a week to pay for college I will not graduate with any debt
I guess I thought you could get there from the inside. Have fun!
Fun! Fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun! And I'm not even terribly familiar with The Avengers.
Thanks to Monster Prof for the shout out for #PopSouth!
Dog walkers needed! Stop in and apply today!! :)
been challenged to a Droid vs. IPhone duel by an 8th grader to see what phone is the best. Droid users what tricks should I use to win?
Neuroscientists are still learning when NOT to apply optogenetics-based strategies in circuit manipulation. Be question-driven.
Off to with #waitingforlefty !
how about fleury goes in goal for the #Pens #Sabres game! please!!!!
Yes, please..Everything. Unless you sent the picture for it! You don't have to type it, can you just take a picture of 32&35?
cant wait to go to the movies later to see think like a man wit and others should be fun ;)
Thanks Megan! It's so much fun to watch her grow up and discover new things:) Hope you're doing well!
Taylor: Cambridge working with OCLC Research, will investigate linking the bib data to FAST and VIAF; identify issues
TY for featuring my blog today!
getting the heck out of hades and headed to rim country for the day! Its too hot here!
Just tape it on!
If you drive down the street and you see a blue tarp, Email us at
Brownsville is the dingleberry of Texas
Never seen this many And1s in my life!
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. - Camus
That's so cool, congrats! I love her too, she's hilarious.
yo, you never texted me back bro
Experimenting with Dubstep!
Atlanta Brings Out the Weirdness in the Celtics
Hmm did you get a hit off me? No. And I couldn't help the score we were already getting pounded.
Whatever! You are totally gonna rock it.
If you see the shirts & think I need a bigger one get a Large! Lol!
Our intern, , has left the building. We'll miss him! He did great!
MT : Europe's rejection of austerity in favor of stimulus policies shd be viewed as a positive for world economy. Reject austerity.
It doesn't matter as long as I trust the person delivering the link and they've given me enough context to be interested.
:'( NO I HOPE BRIAN IS GOING TO BE OKAY!
7 students from are at West Chester University with Motivos today. Wuhoo! It's their 20th Annual #LASO #Student Conference.
good as well :) why are you guys at dads house ?
I'm in love with that tupac holograph
What song is stuck in your head today?
It's a wonderful yet extremely busy day here at TeamQ,between learning about the new short sale procedures to client meetings we are packed!
im down
Our distributed crawling tripped some alarms, even though it didn't hurt the site. They put us in robots since it was easiest.
Funyons and donuts.
that dog reminds me of your performance at f8 last year
thanks. How is Jimmy doing?
Made the fastpitch softball , officially a high school athlete ! Aye
2012 Formula 1 Rankings After 4 Races: Fan's View - Yahoo! Sports
yaaaay:D &yup me too-__-
Damn i forgot all about june 23rd ...
lol oh yes!!!
hiring for a .NET/C# developer to work in #PDX. Let me know if you are interested.
Ah!! Parks and Rec is renewed for season 5. 22 episodes!
you were my favorite character this evening!! Congrats on a fab first preview
welcome to Twitter my dude
Eating home made ice cream(: beating up haha
What are you doing today as a result of #EdCampColumbus? What was your Monday takeaway?
Sounds like it's based on the BBC show - in which a real life millionaire surprises people in need?
I wanna go to 's book tour for #thefamegame in Naperville but I can't!!! :(
Good morning, #Portland!
hm....wonder who this is referring to? ;P hahaha
thanks for proving is live and u r human.
Don't forget to answer our question True or False and be entered to win a plush throw. RT and get a second entry.
Happy Birthday
Instagram for Android Instagram for Android Instagram for Android!
Check that, took the job in early June, lol.
WOW! Great link, thanks. I don't know why I'm so surprised... I guess I thought anthro was one of the more "eccentric" programs :)
Sniff bathroom stall
In any art or design the moment of making a mistake can be the moment of greatest discovery, innovation or invention if only
Sean Spence is a very Bad man..Welcome to the Steeler Nation:)
We were honored to have a visit from this week as they bike across country to raise awareness for homeless pets....
lol aw....that would be nice. Thank You!
I'm great and yourself?
dirk will outscore lebron tonight... and will be buying me lunch tomorrow!
officially part of
'Tis true! Would also spend more time for a good pint of real ale!
Good Night Everybody!! #16MillionBritneyArmy #TeamBritney Follow me, I'll follow back I promise! Xoxo! I'm will be back later! Xoxo
Reasons why im weird- my teacher and I make a rap about social studies today
I would support this move, but the cold in Denver will be hard on Manning's robo-neck.
did anyone from your museum participate in the conversation series?
I like Reynolds
Good Morning to you too!
finally off my feet. Im so lazy
not anywhere particular, but we've only been looking for 2 days. Have seen people say stay away from MD side. not true?
Can we now shut up about Straponburg bo?
Story not playing by the rules tonight. If I bang my head on the table, will the story pour from my ears the way I envision it?
LOL "sure droid sure" ah #longdistanceproblems. It's absolute hell. Miss you tory cutie <3
thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our music yet?! :)
Matt Smith is in Central Park filming Doctor Who. I would kill to meet him.
The ABC Working Group discussed possible changes to the alcohol licensing protest process and possible hour restrictions on outdoor seating.
shut-up your annoying.
just goin to take my babies out..cook,clean. You?
And you can live off them without having to do shit hahaha
Ugh i feel crapy
Make new Facebook work for you by making the most of lists, milestones, custom apps & cover photo ( from a.m. Session)
Rest! He has you right where He wants you. Rest! God has your back.
#Journalism startups need sustainable biz plan w/at least 70 pct funds from earned income, says
It'll be interesting to watch what happens to the kid on the cover of the 5/21 edition of too.
Today's PR 3.0 will be at the Slammer Tavern just a couple blocks down Stark from our headquarters. See everybody there at 4 p.m.
Bravo JM! I like the piece too!
I have been painting for the past 4hrs...hand is cramping up..time stop..i'll finish up t.rex in the morn.
Ms. Lawly (our career advice coach): What do you plan to be when you grow up, Katelyn? Me: An erotic dancer.
much love to you and your family, Adam. We are all praying for your bother and his crew.
RT #Oomf always calling over to cook his ass sumn.. He need him a woman cuz I'm not playing wifey..smh
. thanks for sharing that press for WATERLIFE! So happy about that one xox
send him home early so I can eat it sooner lol
I need to get on the bike, but I feel more like napping.
Who should I listen to next
I am looking forward to seeing you guys in here.
haha shut up
In the form you reference I think CS it shouldn't even be named that. Its more like non profit volunteering.
Wow I can't believe that Austin is going to be having a concert somewhere outside of US. Amazing how big that boy has gotten <3
Is it weird that when I walk into a bank I think of ways to robb it.. And strategize a plan step by step?
oh man, great idea I'm about to turn it on! The perfect jams to get you through a tough day! PS. we have a lot to catch up on!
: About to watch Game 5 of the series! Lets close it up & move on to the Heat!
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 5
hate Math :(
bro i cant talkntonight. i would text but dammit my phone
~Good morning everybody! Time to get up n at 'er!! Be the best u can be today!
Happy Easter for those who celebrate and Happy day to those who have been given the opportunity to have another day of this good life.
calm down you bottle stabber your dad might have 2 arrest u for assault
lol I think u gave it to me on my birthday when we were like 5
NEWS: Psychic medium will be here in San Diego on 4/4 for his own event. Psychics can be a great resource for para investigators
hi. Can't wait to see you tonight. Xo
RT ": Always do what you are afraid to do. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson"
deleted it :-)
dawww. de coltey baby is growing up :)
Thank you for the mention! If you have any questions about my positions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for...
I like exercise to relieve stress. What do you recommend?
Thanks for the follow miss
We're open today until 7pm. There are two relative events today.
I guess. I just can't imagine liking that kind of player/play. smh
I'm going back to sleep!
I received two bags of candy but regifted them to others. #Weightwatchers is powerful motivation to just say no.
#WhyAreYou trying to get me to check out your myspace? Do you have a laser disc you want to show me as well?
I love this x1000 and am giggling manaically over it. is looking at me funny.
Finally catching up on 30 Rock and they need to do more "Queen of Jordan" episodes I am DYING
The latest episode of Supernatural took place in my own Missoula, MT. Who wants to guess it was portrayed as all cowboy hats and log cabins?
Not at all.
you still have me :)
RT Im IN RT : Let's make a deal. It's going to be 100 Thursday. If 100 people RT this then we'll give away 100.
probably because you punched me
S/o to smile
TAKE IT TO THE HEAD ^_^
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
Fire alarm testing all morning. MAKE. IT. STOP.
I hate taking pictures. Is there a phobia for that? xP
Let's talk about the website you need 312-725-6995 -Andrew
Christ Almighty
DHS foster care suit settlement OK'd - Tulsa World
Pat Noonan is on!! Good for him, I guess?
Pinterest is the ultimate exercise staller...
Loving the new Sections feature in LinkedIn. Just added all my languages w/ it!
Great passing on that goal. Also I see NYC apparently can't support two pro teams at once, since no one is at the Yankees/O's game.
Aw thanks. I made #3 I think? Lol but still thank you ;)
We had such a good time last night!! Thanks!! #FF !!!!
Down goes duke!!!
Do not click on emails from twitter saying you have unread messages. It is not from Twitter and has a virus
I could tweet 1,000 Times and I would never get a reply. I'll try again next time. Off to bed :l
Join Thursday 1/20/11 from 5 pm - 9 pm @ Montage Tasting Room & Wine Bar for a free #wine tasting. 304 Liberty St. Morris, IL
This post office line on steroids!
Make #Highland proud! Go Big Ben.
My blood pressure didn't rise at all today; I wonder why?
These are exactly the conversations that need to take place!
"Jiro Dreams of Sushi" was magnificent. Go see it. I practically held my breath the whole time, I didn't want it to end.
I'll try not to but sometimes it's just too hard to resist
Thursday fun: Music, beautiful people, outdoors. Earth Day 2:30-6:30. Free. hayesvalleyfarm.com
Damn. Missed our cue. That last one scared the hell out of me.
go to google and type in "how to make a resume" I'm pretty sure they have some standard fill in the blanks or prototypes avail
you played basketball with only one arm... i dont think you ever eased OUT of sports
Took all my strength to resist. . .
My school won out track meet:)
I go to Miami Hamilton :) so no we didn't make it
well you obviously failed. LOLOLOL
It's weird, processed foods taste bad to me now too. Eggs & nuts are my fast food. Dark chocolate & wine are my fav. indulgences.
When Ryan Adams Segues into Salt-N-Pepa: A Journey Through my iTunes.
RT : Looking forward to kick-off of #Envision in NY today with - great social change films + discussions...
#Imagine Austin Face timing with you.
God is a never ending living process of self realization. Reverend Horton Heat tonight!
Cats know, comin' out of four, they better be standin' on it, else they'll be standin' in it. - Richard Petty
Bluestone encouraged students to think about society, culture. "we are in the end what we build"
And captain jack RT : Is Manu coming off the bench again?
Thank you And thanks for being a B accredited business with an A+ rating!
hahaa that must have been amazing. I was up there for an eagles SB loss AND steelers SB win. So... not so amazing haha
Perfect day to go to the lake. Wish I had some more money to go.
Thanks for following me. Looking forward to your tweets! :)
Nuggs are hanging around...we need to run FAKERS off floor!
I probably could stand a chance on American Idol if I could bring my shower on stage.
lol hurry its so boring
I still claim
bret, its a pot smokers holiday! The highest there was, the highest there is, the highest there ever will be!
Great day at West Point yesterday. So good to be able to contribute to the training of America's next military leaders in a fun way.
Nice treat to hear on the Bucks game tonight. Monta Ellis enjoyed the return as well.
#Bears gettin the ball on the 3 yard line.... Tune in this should be interesting!!
wow you don't know where el rey is at. Shame on u
So.... um, is it still ok for me to be your girlfriend on Facebook?
$200 for referrals
Q: What is the easiest way to start reducing your waste? A: Buy products and food in minimal packaging
I hate virtual school with all my my life
Baby Girl twist away, when your talking to me I cant breathe (:
Crawford redeems himself
Seski wake up. Where is Seski? In Oregon. Where in Oregon? Seski want good suggestion from Tweet and FB friends
We are open all day today, get your NECTAR today as we'll be closed for Turkey Day. Cheers to everyone and THANKS for everything!!!!!
U smell a lot of things when u travel
LOL TOO BAD I CORRECTED MYSELF. THANK YOU GOOD DAY! lol
sweet:) oh and I get to see you tomorrow
Gonna have a good night. (y)
looking forward to internationalization!
He would just be an average NBA player if he couldn't jump like he does.
Now that the news is out there, here's wishing Jim Mandich the best in his battle with cancer. RT
Back in the action finally! At Conseco Fieldhouse watching the Indy Karting Classic
Wow this paper is crap lol
"its hippy-hop, yeah what a breakthrough!"
your pics in this series are so beautiful, I kind of want to paint them. Stunning use of b/w, Ben.
miss you my lil nig had to check on you
In the end it's not the years in your life that count; it's the life in your years
The #Patriots select defensive back Tavon Wilson from Illinois.
What's your favorite movie so far this year?
Like a bosh.
Yep. Super moon = super day.
At my 3rd baseball game this year and a new stadium each time.
I'm glad you guys take the time to check on people instead of chasing. Good job guys!
Awesome, I'm going to try to make it out for #TranssexualsFromSpace too!
You're the best! Thanks for sharing our $1 deal
Are you looking to donate? I know of a pantry that desperately needs food!
so do you know if your coming to school tomorrow yet?
lolol Orlando distinguishes itself yet again
*Tanning Specials TODAY* From 8a-12noon, get 2 UV Tans for $9.99 or Buy 3 Instant Tans for $45! Receive 30% off your ENTIRE purchase all day
No Vaseline - Ice Cube
What, don't respond to my text? It wasnt that weird..
yes, my speed reading exercises are paying off tonight
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
A toast to a fresh new year focus on what you really want and go after it like theres no tomorrow.
Already planning where I will enjoy an outdoor #HappyHour cocktail this evening... ideas #Baltimore ? I'm stuck in a rut...
How do we partner to bring Kettlebell certification/ education to your trainers? We are ACE providers but see more possibility!
That reminds me... i need to buy my tickets!
I think I'm the only person cold as hell under the cover
I got a new job at the University Bookstore, goodbye Nordstrom, and your horrible drama and ridiculous hours!
what can't you come see #gatsby?
Tiny Asian lady strangers are more considerate than the dudes I'm on this trip, jeez!
Stay tuned in to your inner truth and her wisdom at all times.
Be careful when manipulating review content. Your intent can be misconstrued. Just educated customers. Be transparent & natural.
Have you ever made a girl's legs shake?
juss ran into Arnaz at WalMart...awkward. but he sound different lol
Laying out in the sun, tanning what a beautiful day <3
it's not even 7th yet lol. Tell her i said hello
Aaron Hernandez is cute. But SXREW YOU.
whatt??!! They hate because they can't dance as great as you :D . .!! Love you Jaja<3 and come back to the US :):)
you never on when im on
shut the front door! I love Toni! Where will she be? Is the book out already?
Dumping for use with scheduled tweets on looking something more reliable.
Cheers to for getting us connected! PS ladies (and gents), you should read her blog.
that's a very fantastic question
Agree...trying to convince org to invest in Korn/Ferry content we can send out as PS material...$10/empl first year...<$2 after
since there is little track activity, I am working Monday-Thursday the following week
I been going to sleep hella early lately
I'm seriously thinking of becoming a monk - I have all the right qualifications - bald head, brown bathrobe & haven't had a BJ in 12 months
you don't CHOOSE to.
So where did all of these Pacer fans come from LOL?
I think the no arms, no legs jokes went the way of the dead baby jokes. They aren't PC. Why'd the dead baby cross the road?
Just came out of a great "crash course" on threats to fed funding for Main Street & pres projects with staff - Jessica
RT "Debt of the many, profit for the few" is the chant filling the streets!
yaaay!!! LAMBORGHINI MERCY your chick she's so thirsty, I'm In that two seat lambo with your girl she's trynna jerk me!!!
RT : well tell her then. Lol I already did
Having the ventilation shut off in your office is always a good sign that it's time to leave
Getting into the zone with help from The Verve.
Thats shipping included?
that last tweet of mine was meant for you
lol! they just recognized ..im kinda a big deal, people know me
Q3: One-click filter is when you just want to see stuff from your contacts.
Well put.
thanks to all my peeples who threw me up on ya list i see you! :) feel free to add me on your list :)
HEP co-sponsoring the 24th annual Gospel Fest today. Got rained out before I could get a picture of our banner onstage! Reconvening shortly
no freakin idea!
Oh its my fav T-Ara song!
That means . Now following back
I started cracking up when I saw that haha funniest thing I've seen all day
we love u Cash :D
I am staying positive no matter what...
me too, Mary!! hugs from Colorado
thanks for the RT ;)
All chains! Find a Ham's Restaurant or Cook-Out!!
: "I'm in Portland, OR. Loving it!!!" Don't lose your notebook... again!
"the Easter bunny is a jerk and a thief" -Lauren
sharing user context is what tracking cookies and mobile identifier exploits are seeking
Lets rock out with my c*ck out lol.
FYI: Visualization tools like hypnosis can work wonders!
Just because YOU say I benefited doesn't mean I benefited.
Through Sunday, 10% off Beatles merchandise (Yay Royal Wedding) and 20% off shuttle models in honor of #Endeavor launch.
#excited :)) Wrote with today at #Curb!! Really good song;) And noww...homework :P
Lunch at 3 p.m.? Sounds about right.
Agreed! Delayed, not forgotten.
follow for a follow anyone? or a shoutout?? <3 thanks love evryone!
Merry Christmas everyone!
Anyone encountered the tall, sweet incessant man that plays Beatles songs on his guitar st. subway transfer btw F & 1/2/3 trains?
We have our own study coming out on this subject. Good points but misses several key elements.
I don't know about you guys but my 2011 seems to just be one colossal failure.
Right?! What's next, Fifty Shades of Grey?
To Work I Go.
Welcome back to the excitement!
Usually people will only notice that you are balding when you have lost almost 50% of the hair in your scalp.
HERE WE GO
Merry Christmas to all! Hope you are having a fabulous day with your families!
Josh Hamilton must of blown a shitload of coke tonight
excellent. but "fuck me" must be stated literally. my thoughts are with you -- may the next 24 hours glide by.
The guy next door aggravates my life !
We are starting the panel with application #130098 - Kyle Herrington.
DG alum Samuel Tadros speaking on #Egypt is being livetweeted by Great event... tune in!
I'm literally singing the "She's a b*tch" song in my apartment...oh and I made a dance too :)
how did that happen?
RT : Alan Heathcock and Anthony Doerr discuss their "Top 10" favorite short stories on The Writers' Block, KRXB 89.9 FM....
your welcome :)
I swear, that dude would legally marry a hot pink fixie if he could.
Great find!
heres something to do: follow me (;
xD that makes me laugh every time!
Good morning!!!
I tried to tell ya :)
High as shit
I'd say: do your work in the done() callback. embrace the "asynchronousness". gist an example and I'll help re-write.
i give up. i'm going to go take a nap.
Where are you guys? Your website is being taken over by the spammers. Come back to us!
one time I showed her a picture of my nephew, and she said she wanted to punt him across the football field...
Okay Lamborghini mercy, your chick, she so thirsty
Yo u gotta a baby on da way? How u gonna tell yo momma or did u already?
I did. helped me out! Thanks!
just cuz we left doesn't mean ur better than us
Who ever thought that Bob Dylan could sing?
album says "Recorded in a bathroom and hot, sweaty room, Philadelphia. Overdubbed in bedrooms, Seattle and Los Angeles."
Missed the gym today....that makes 20 years in a row....
sweet baby Jesus please make the very unpleasant weather go away...Im sick of rain, and thunder, and lighting...Love Nicole :)
Though he lost his opportunity to mention that Christ is his savior...he's got to start saying that more.
Banks give rich people a card that looks like a golden ticket to willy wonkas factory. Mine is like an expired queens public library card
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha;-) when are you coming down here again?
give me some !:O
I hope.
Ladies! The day you've been waiting for is finally here! Our first spring BB Dakota shipment has arrived! Photos soon to follow.
My Favorite Dome History: 10/15/2005 Badgers Block Gopher Punt on way to a Comeback Victory
This Dairy Queen is infested with Mosquitos.
Good tip! RT : Friendly reminder: buy avocados today if you're making guacamole for the Super Bowl.
Keep it going clippers
Patrick thank you for adding our post to your family law digest! Let me know if you ever have any questions!
these damn flies are killing me!!!
Have a Hapy New Year!
vitamin c overload!! I feel something going on
